I say to my colleagues, the more they study S. 1, the more they get to know it, the more concerned they have to be. I agree with the premise that we are making a commitment for the first time to provide prescription drug help to senior citizens. This is historic. We are doing the right thing.  Then when you look at the way this has been written and try to put it in the context of your parents or grandparents making these decisions, you understand the complexity of it, the fact it does not provide the protection which a lot of people promised. Basically, when it gets down to it, this is fraught with danger and peril.  The seniors understand that. When you sit down with senior citizens andsay let me tell you what we are doing, what we are offering, the first thing they say to you is: Senator, what are you doing to keep the cost of drugs from running off the chart? I know you say you are going to help me by paying a certain percentage. What good is that percentage, Senator? My Social Security payments are going up, enough to keep up with the cost of inflation. So if you are not going to contain the cost of prescription drugs, what good is this?  That is a hard question, isn't it? But it is the right question. When you take a look at S. 1, the bill before us, the honest answer is nothing. What this bill says is we will rely on HMOs and private insurance companies to offer a prescription drug benefit.  My friend from Florida was an insurance commissioner. Senator Nelson has told us time and again what it means to deal with some of these insurance companies. As much as his expertise might bring to this debate, the greatest experts on HMOs are senior citizens. Ask them about coverage by HMOs. They despise HMOs. They know what these insurance companies are going to do.  First, they are going to nail them with a premium much more than 35 bucks a month. There is a provision in this bill which makes insurance sense but does not make common sense. It says if you have a chance to enroll in this voluntary program at the monthly premium--and let's assume for discussion it is $35--and you turn it down because it is voluntary and say you do not want to enroll in it, and then a year later or 2 years later, you think, maybe you should enroll in it, there is a provision in this bill that says your monthly premium may not be $35, it may be $100.  It makes insurance sense because it is called adverse selection. You do not want sick people to pay premiums just when they get sick. Think about that senior on a limited income who has to make a calculation as to how much they are going to pay. Look at that senior, if you are talking about a $1,000 annual prescription drug bill--I am sitting there with my mother or my grandmother, and she says to me: Son, should I pay this $35 a month? I know it is a $275 deductible.  I say: Mom, your payments are less than 100 bucks a month. You are going to end up paying more. You are not going to get any help from this plan because the first $1,000 your monthly premium is going to be added on to the help from the Government. You will be paying more than $1,000 for $1,000 worth of drugs. It may not make sense to you, mom.  OK, maybe I will not sign up.  Then a year or two later she starts getting sick and needs prescription drugs desperately, and now that monthly premium is no longer $35; it is $100. It makes insurance sense, but it does not make common sense, and that is one of the wrinkles in this bill.  When you ask the seniors about S. 1, this Grassley-Baucus bill, they are worried about this $35 premium that may be $50 or may be $100, and these are people, I hate to remind my colleagues, who are living on $400 or $500 or $600 a month.  To a Member of the Senate, $35 is not something you consider a life-threatening decision. For a senior citizen on a fixed income, a widow living alone in a small rural town in downstate Illinois or Florida, it is a big deal. Seniors have told us: I do not like this idea of $35 a month if it is not even certain that is what the premium is going to be.  Then you say to them: Incidentally, you are going to have to deal, once again, with HMOs and private insurance companies for your prescription drugs, and they start bailing out saying: What are you doing to me, Senator? I do not trust these people. That is why almost 90 percent of the people on Medicare do not sign up for the Medicare HMO. They do not trust these HMOs. They know what they are going to do.  I sat in this Chamber and heard the debates where HMOs and insurance companies make life decisions for seniors time and again, and they come down on the side of protecting their bottom line, protecting their profit, rather than protecting the health of the seniors. The seniors know this. When the Republicans come forward and say trust the HMOs, they will take care of you on prescription drugs, they will bring the prices down, you know they are not going to mistreat you, seniors are skeptical, and they have a right to be.  Let me tell you, there is an alternative which I offered. Madam President, I say to my colleagues in the Senate, I hope they will take a look at it for two reasons: No. 1, if this plan turns out to crater and bomb and the senior citizens across America say, What have you done to me; this is not what we were bargaining for, you will at least be able to say: I voted for an alternative. Sadly, it didn't make it. I hope it does, but if it does not make it, I voted for the right alternative that did not have the problems of S. 1. That is what MediSAVE offers.  For my colleagues in the Senate, unless you are sure you want to go to the bank on S. 1, that you want to walk into a senior citizens meeting and try to explain this to your constituents who live in the State of Maine or the State of Florida or the State of Pennsylvania, then for goodness' sake, think twice about a simpler, more honest, and direct approach. Let me tell you what it is.  It has a guaranteed $35-a-month premium. S. 1 guarantees nothing. No deductible and a payment by the Government of 70 percent of the drug cost; not 50 percent--70 percent. Does that sound overly generous? My colleagues in the Senate, guess what. That is what we get. That is our benefit in the Senate.  Is this lavish, luxurious, too much, over the top? I do not hear a lot of Senators complaining about it, nor Members of the House of Representatives. If it is good enough for my colleagues, is it not good enough for your mother? Is it not good enough for your grandmother? That is what it boils down to. The Durbin amendment says we are going to give seniors across this Nation the same percentage break on prescription drugs that Members of Congress get.  Yesterday, by a vote of 93 to 3, we said that is fine. We all know what that is all about. There is this little process where the bill passes the House and passes the Senate, and then there is this mystery gathering called a conference committee, the waltz kings of the House and the Senate. They waltz nonchalantly into the committee room and close the door. And out of that committee room in a day or a week or a month pops a bill twice this size that no one has read. They say: I am afraid we do not have time to read it; we have to get moving. We have to get back home. We will let our staff take a look at it.  Two weeks from now somebody will take a close look at it. They will vote and leave. How many times have we seen that happen?  After the waltz kings have gone into the conference committee and done their work, I bet you dollars to donuts Mark Dayton's amendment, which said Members of Congress are bound by the same prescription drug benefit as senior citizens in America, will be gone--out. We will be back at 70-percent reimbursement on our prescription drugs and say to seniors: You know, 20 percent is really all we can afford, and I hope you understand.  The alternative is 70/30. If it is good enough for Members of Congress, it is good enough for your mom and your grandmother.  There is no coverage gap under the MediSAVE amendment, and there is no coverage gap under congressional health insurance, congressional prescription drug benefits.  We have an amendment offered by Senator Boxer, and I hope my colleagues will think twice about this. To think that one could spend $4,500 in a year and then have their protection cut off for prescription drugs is something people just rationalize and say: Gosh, we wish we had more money; we would make it work. Senator Boxer brings it to the real world. What if someone you love has been diagnosed with cancer? What if they are facing some of the most expensive drug therapy--chemotherapy, radiation therapy--imaginable to save their lives and they are forking out dollar after dollar to get through this illness that could claim their life and you are praying for them every day and guess what. Come October, after they have been on this drug therapy for 9 months, this prescription drug benefit under S. 1 disappears.  What are you supposed to do? Fork it over out of pocket, if you can. Is thatan answer? MediSAVE, the alternative, says do not do that to people. Cover them completely. Make this a real insurance policy, not a game where if you are too sick we are going to nail you.  It also says let's negotiate the drug prices. That is what this is all about.  If we do not deal with the expensive drug prices in America, this is a fraud on the public. Think about it. We estimate over the next 10 years that seniors will spend $1.8 trillion on drugs. How much do we provide to help them--$400 billion. Do the math. It is less than 25 percent. But if we could bring down that cost from $1.8 trillion to a more manageable figure, that $400 billion goes further.  The Veterans' Administration has shown they can do it for our veterans. They brought down the price of prescription drugs in veterans hospitals by 50 percent. We can do the same thing for Medicare recipients if we care more about them than the profits of the drug companies. Trust me, the drug companies can bring those prices down and still continue to be the most profitable businesses in America.  These companies spend hundreds of millions of dollars a year showing people skipping through a field of wild flowers, saying, I no longer am sneezing; therefore, I need to have Claritin and Clarinex; and whatever the next generation of Claritin is going to be, please go to your doctor and beg for it.  They spend hundreds of millions of dollars on this marketing and then they say they cannot cut the cost of their drugs because it will cut into their research. Baloney. We know better. They spend more money on advertising than they do on research for new drugs, and that tells the story. They can bring down the cost of these drugs for seniors and families across America and have plenty of money left over for profit and plenty of money for research.  We say under this MediSAVE amendment this competition will reduce costs and make this drug benefit worth something to families and seniors across America.  I say to my friends, the last part of this is the most important part. Medicare will offer a drug benefit option. Those who stand back and say, Senator Durbin, you have gone too far; Medicare is going to offer a prescription drug option; I ask them to please look back at 40 years of history and experience in America, where the Medicare Program has worked with doctors and hospitals in every city and town in America to provide the very best medical care for seniors. At the beginning of that debate, many people voted against it saying it was pure socialism, that was not the market at work, and they were right. It is not the market at work. It is the Government of this country representing the families of this country at work for them.  We believe the same should be true when it comes to prescription drugs. Medicare should offer an option. Let the Medicare administration, with no profit motive and low administrative overhead and the ability to bargain for a discounted formulary of drugs, compete with these private insurance companies, which my friends on the Republican side of the aisle insist are going to show the way in how to save money for seniors. If it is true, they will be ready to compete and the seniors can make the choice, but under this bill they cannot. There is no choice to be made.  Medicare does not offer a prescription drug option under this bill, and that tells the whole story.  The final point I will make to my colleagues is this: If they voted for Senator Dayton's amendment yesterday, 93 to 3, saying Members of Congress are going to pay the same thing as seniors across America and my colleagues think we are going to get by with knocking that out in conference and nonchalantly passing the bill and we get 70 percent reimbursement while seniors get 20 percent reimbursement, I am sorry, the cat is out of the bag. The press corps and the American people are watching every move. Do the right thing. Bring seniors up to the level of Members of Congress. Do it now. Vote for the MediSAVE amendment and then my colleagues can go home and I think honestly say to seniors we have given them a real prescription drug benefit.  The drug companies will not like it, the HMOs will not like it, but I guarantee that parents, grandparents, and seniors across this country are going to understand they finally have a benefit that was worth the wait.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  