He is an extraordinary person and an extraordinary colleague. It has been my good fortune to work with him on an amendment relative to this issue of global AIDS. Senator DeWine, by my rough calculation between us, I think we may have added up to $400 million to the fight on global AIDS just with the passage of the last amendment and the two previous efforts, and I commend him. He has worked ceaselessly to get this done, and he has done so well. I was happy to add my name to his effort. He did all the work. He deserves all the credit.  I ask my colleagues now to consider this amendment. For every dollar the last amendment will use to save a life in the war against AIDS, malaria, and tuberculosis, this amendment will provide $2. For every life that can be saved with Senator DeWine's amendment, this amendment, if passed, will add two more lives that will be saved.  I will tell my colleagues what we do. What we take is the President's promise of $15 billion over 5 years, which comes out obviously to $3 billion per year, and make that our goal in terms of this appropriations bill.  That means adding, to the amount that we just passed, some $589 million. That will bring us to the $3 billion figure that was promised by the President, that was endorsed by the Senate, and, frankly, we will keep our word and our promise to the world. More important, this money is needed, and it is needed desperately right now.  Some have argued that there are a lot of sick people in this world but they can't absorb all this money, these hundreds of millions of dollars that have been sent their way. I urge those who make that statement to consider the following.  CARE is one of the finest charities in the world. My family supports it and many of us do as individuals. Peter Bell, who is the head of CARE, sent a letter to President Bush just a few weeks ago. This is what he said about the need for full funding to $3 billion:       There are hundreds of organizations, secular and faith-     based, ready to expand their response to the HIV/AIDS      pandemic. CARE, for example, has spent 15 years fighting HIV/     AIDS, working with host governments, international      organizations, and local partners. We currently support HIV/     AIDS projects in 37 countries around the world with a total      annual budget of almost $15 million. If funding were made      available, we would double or triple the size of our HIV/AIDS      programming. I believe the same is true for many other AIDS      organizations.  That is what Peter Bell wrote to President Bush from the CARE organization just a few weeks ago.  Some of you are familiar with the organization World Vision. You can't watch one of their programs without having your heart torn to shreds. These wonderful people involved in World Vision around the world are working day and night with the most poor people on Earth. Richard Sterns sent a letter to President Bush just a few weeks ago. This is what he said:       Let me assure you, Mr. President, we have the capacity to      make a difference now and build for the future. The      absorptive capacity is made up of a number of different      players, national and local governments, community based      organizations, a strong and widespread faith community, and      international NGOs.  He then closed by saying this:       It is my opinion that within these various delivery      systems, $3 billion in aid can be effectively delivered to      those who desperately need it now.  Richard Sterns, president of World Vision.  This Senate has considered this issue. In July, 78 Members of this body--78 of us--voted in a sense-of-the-Senate resolution for full funding up to the authorized level of $3 billion for AIDS. We said in that sense-of-the-Senate resolution we would stand by that number, even if it meant exceeding the levels authorized in the budget.  I can go through my entire statement, but the hour is late. I will not do that to you because I think you all understand it. Let me just say, if there is an argument that the money I am asking for is outside of the appropriations bill, let me remind you, the amendment we just passed was outside of the appropriations bill as well.  If there is an argument that we really don't owe $3 billion, let me tell you, the world thought our pledge was $3 billion. These heads of charitable organizations around the world are telling us that is what they understood the American commitment to be, and we are almost $600 million short this year.  Let me also add, if the argument is to be made that this money cannot be spent, the experts in the field, the men and women who risk their lives every day in the poorest places on Earth, have told us over and over again they need the money and they need it now.  I close with a reference to something I have been thinking about for some time. There was a movie which most of us have seen called ``Schindler's List.'' You will never forget that movie as long as you live. And you remember that this man in Nazi Germany did everything he could think of--trickery, smooth talking, and guile--to save the lives of Jewish people destined for concentration camps. His success was sogreat that at the end of the movie, they showed in that factory the hundreds, maybe thousands, of people whose lives had been saved.  As he was about to leave them when the war was over, there was that final scene which none of us can forget. They turned to Schindler to give him a ring, a gold ring made out of the fillings of their teeth, in appreciation for what he had done to save so many lives. He broke down in tears, and he said in that movie:       I should have done more. I should have done more.  That is where we are tonight. The DeWine amendment has moved us positively toward almost $300 million in this fight against global AIDS. But we should do more, and we can do more.  My colleagues, please, stand together tonight with our promise from our President on this global AIDS epidemic, a bipartisan promise that brings out the best in America. Let us leave with this bill saying: We kept our word. We stand behind you and we are prepared to lead the world. Let us provide the money and never have to say at some future time: We should have done more.  