President, I come to the floor with a genuine concern about this appointment by the Bush administration. When President Bush first appointed Gov. Christine Todd Whitman of New Jersey as the head of the EPA, many of us breathed a sigh of relief, realizing that she had an extraordinarily good record as Governor of New Jersey when it came to environmental issues, understanding that when she came to Washington, she would be up against some massive special interest forces who, frankly, believe that environmental law is too strong, wrong, and that the special interests should have a lot more say in the decisionmaking.  I voted for Christine Todd Whitman because I had hope she would bring balance to an administration that might be pushed too far toward the special interest groups. On many occasions, she lived up to that aspiration and hope on my part. I met with her several times, discussed important issues, publicly and privately. I was encouraged by the things she said.  But it became apparent after a while that, despite her strong credentials on the environment, they were no match to the force of special interests when it came to the Bush administration on environmental policy. Time and again, the EPA came down on the wrong side when it came to protecting the environment. The list is extremely long. I will not go through all of it in detail. But this was the first President--President Bush--to oppose polluter fees to pay for cleaning up toxic waste sites since Superfund became law. In Illinois and across America, Superfund waste sites are there still, today, creating toxic emergencies and public health hazards across America because President Bush doesn't want the polluting industry to pay to clean them up. That is a fact. That happened in the EPA with Christine Todd Whitman. It could have been one of the reasons she left.  This President slashed the EPA enforcement staff by over 100 employees. So there will be fewer men and women keeping an eye on toxic polluters in America. The administration also entered into arrangements crafting an energy plan rich with subsidies for the oil and gas industry and devoid of any fuel efficiency standards for America's cars and trucks. A recent GAO report found that President Bush's OMB is changing environmental regulations, often without disclosing these actions to the public.  The President has refused to act on global warming despite recent reports that ice levels in many parts of the world are low, threatening the polar bear and other species with extinction.  Now we have the successor of Christine Todd Whitman presented, Michael Leavitt of Utah. I have never met him, so I cannot say I have any personal knowledge of who he is or what he stands for. I can only look at his record as Governor of Utah. The record is not encouraging. In fact, with his administration, Utah recently tied for last place in Clean Water Act enforcement and ranked first in the Nation for toxic waste release. Imagine, the nominee for the EPA's top post is coming from a State that ranked No. 1 in the Nation for toxic waste release, and a State that tied for last place in the Clean Water Act enforcement. What does that tell you about his conscience and his concern when it comes to the environment? It doesn't give me a good feeling and hope that he will have any of the strength that Christine Todd Whitman had to stand up against the polluters and against the special interest groups and stand up for the environment in America.  That is a sad commentary on this nominee to this critically important position. At this point, many colleagues on the committee and others in the Senate have raised important questions, and many answers have not been given as to why the decision was made by the Republican leadership to move this through. Some say that timing has to do with a lawsuit on file in Utah. I have no idea why we have to do this today. That, frankly, is a decision made by the Republican leadership.  I will tell you that I think it is a sad commentary that a Republican Party, with distinguished and rich history leaders such as Teddy Roosevelt, who had the foresight to provide Federal protection to almost 230 million acres of land, is considering the appointment of a Governor of Utah to the EPA who has turned his back on the preservation of wilderness areas in his own home State. But that is a fact. That is a matter of record.  I urge my colleagues to consider this very carefully. If you believe the Bush administration's policy on environmental protection is a good one, vote yes for Governor Leavitt. If you believe they have moved forward in making America safer when it comes to clean water and less toxic ways, vote for Governor Leavitt. But if you believe, as I do, that this policy and this approach have been wrong--and, frankly, I believe this nominee has not presented us with evidence that he willfight to change the Bush administration record on the environment. Sadly, his record as Governor of Utah is pointed in the opposite direction. For that reason, I am forced to oppose his nomination.  