The treaty is a three-page document signed by Presidents Bush and Putin on May 24, 2002, to reduce deployed strategic nuclear weapons to between 1,700 and 2,200 warheads by December 31, 2012.  The treaty actually calls for no warheads or delivery vehicles to be destroyed. They can simply be stored. There are no verification provisions, other than those still in effect through 2009 from the START treaty, and the reductions in deployed warheads have to occur by December 31, 2012, the very same day the treaty expires.  However, once the reductions in deployed warheads are met, it means a large number of warheads will not be ready to launch at a moment's notice. That is a positive thing, even if no warheads are dismantled and no delivery vehicles are destroyed.  When nonnuclear countries agreed to forgo nuclear weapons in the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty, an essential part of the grand bargain was that nuclear countries, like the United States and the Russian Federation, were to control and reduce their nuclear weapons. Because this treaty is an effort to control and reduce the number of deployed warheads, I will vote for the resolution of ratification.  From the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty flowed all the various efforts of U.S.-Soviet nuclear arms control, including the SALT and START treaties. The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty was renewed in 1995, but it required a lot of arm twisting by the United States because nonnuclear countries have accused the nuclear powers of not being serious about nuclear arms control and reduction. A major reason nonnuclear states agreed to renew the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty is because the United States signed and agreed to pursue ratification of the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty, which sadly, this body, the Senate, rejected on October 13, 1999.  The failure of the Senate to meet its obligation and ratify the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty left us with little or no leverage to keep Asia from a spiraling arms race in India, Pakistan, China, and perhaps even other countries. Pakistan and India are in a tense nuclear standoff that came to the brink of nuclear war over Kashmir and easily could again. North Korea, we all know, already has nuclear weapons and is likely to build more. Libya, Iran, and Iraq, may be seeking to acquire or develop nuclear weapons.  For those who think nuclear arms control is just a quaint leftover of the cold war, let me say we are facing a major round of nuclear proliferation with destabilizing effects that we may have no way to stop.  Let me at this point pay special tribute to the Senator from Indiana, Mr. Lugar. Several weeks ago I went to a breakfast at which Senator Lugar spoke relative to the issue of nuclear proliferation. Since the days of Nunn-Lugar, with Senator Sam Nunn of Georgia, Dick Lugar of Indiana has been a leader, a global leader, on the question of nuclear proliferation. I hope more Members of the Senate on both sides of the aisle will pay particular heed to his warnings about proliferation and about the need for theUnited States and other countries seeking stability and peace in the world to be mindful of the danger of proliferation of nuclear weapons.  Some of the examples he gave us from his own life experience, visiting the former Soviet Union, were chilling--chilling because we are this close to the proliferation of weapons, weapons in the hands of countries that will not deal with them in a responsible way.  Having said that, though, I am still very concerned about the policies of this administration that could, in fact, further fray the fabric of the grand bargain struck with the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and actually create an incentive for current nonnuclear states to acquire nuclear weapons--exactly the opposite of what we want to see in the world of tomorrow. This country has to do more to deal with the crisis in North Korea, do more to secure fissile materials in other countries, and do more to secure a broad international coalition against proliferation.  I have cosponsored a resolution with Senator Tom Daschle, which will be introduced today, calling for a more vigorous nonproliferation policy.  I am particularly concerned this administration's policy of preemption, combined with a new policy of first use of nuclear weapons, is an incentive, an invitation to proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, especially nuclear weapons. I have introduced a resolution of my own on that subject today.  Let me elaborate with just a few points. Press reports about the December 31, 2001, Nuclear Posture Review indicated that the United States might use nuclear weapons to discourage adversaries from undertaking military programs or operations that could threaten U.S. interests; that nuclear weapons could be employed against targets able to withstand nonnuclear attack, and that setting requirements for nuclear strike capabilities, North Korea, Iraq, Iran, Syria, and Libya are among the countries that could be involved in so-called contingencies. The September 17, 2002, national security strategy of the United States stated:       As a matter of common sense and self defense, America will      act against such emerging threats before they are fully      formed.  It went on to say:       To forestall or prevent such hostile acts by our      adversaries, the United States will, if necessary, act      preemptively.  The U.S. Under Secretary of State for Arms Control, John Bolton, recently announced this administration's abandonment of the so-called ``negative security assurance,'' the pledge to refrain from using nuclear weapons against nonnuclear weapons, which was outlined in 1978, restated in 1995, and in 2002 in the context of gaining the support of other nations for the nonproliferation treaty. Press reports indicate that in a classified document, National Security Directive 17, the President may have made explicit what had been usefully ambiguous before--a threat to use nuclear weapons in response to an attack with chemical or biological weapons. Making that threat explicit may mean that leaders of other countries that fear a United States attack will think they have to have nuclear weapons to deter the United States, leading to even more proliferation.  What we have here is an escalation of rhetoric, where we have moved beyond ``no first use of nuclear weapons,'' to the point where this administration is saying we can use nuclear weapons against those who do not have them. And now we have a new policy of preemption where the use of those weapons does not even require an imminent danger, imminent threat against the United States.  This rhetoric and this policy cannot help but escalate the situation, leading to more proliferation. That is why I think it is sad that this U.S. Congress has been so passive, while this President has sought to dramatically radicalize and change the foreign policy which has guided this Nation for decades.  The United States is currently engaged in the expansion of research and development of new types of nuclear weapons such as the so-called bunker busters, or small nuclear weapons intended to destroy underground facilities or buried chemical or biological weapons caches.  These policies and actions threaten to make nuclear weapons appear to be useful, legitimate, offensive first-strike weapons, rather than a force for deterrence, and therefore this policy undermines an essential tenet of nonproliferation.  The cumulative effect of the policies announced by President Bush is to redefine and broaden the concept of preemption, which has been understood to mean anticipatory self-defense in the face of imminent attack, and the right of every state to include preventive war without evidence of an imminent attack in which the United States may opt to use nuclear weapons against nonnuclear states.  We don't know where this dangerous policy may lead. But it is hard to imagine it will lead to a safer world. It is hard to imagine that a nonnuclear power can look at the new Bush foreign policy and say with any degree of confidence that forestalling the development of nuclear weapons is in their best interests in the long term. I am afraid the President has created an incentive for proliferation of nuclear weapons--exactly the opposite of what this world needs.  Turning back to the treaty before us today, I am going to offer an amendment, and a number of colleagues will as well. It is my hope we will be able to make constructive and responsible improvements to the Resolution of Ratification that will address some of the weaknesses.  When the Senate considered the Resolution of Ratification of the START treaty in 1992, it approved a condition that requires the President to seek a cooperative monitoring and verification arrangement in any future agreement.  I am offering an amendment to this Resolution of Ratification that requires the President to report to relevant Senate committees on how he is complying with that requirement.  The Strategic Offensive Reductions Treaty--also known as the Moscow Treaty--does not contain any verification measures other than those already required by the START treaty, which expires in 2009.  The President's position is that our new cooperative relationship with Russia means no verification is necessary. Certainly our relationship with the Russian Federation is quite different than it was during the dark and dreary days of the cold war. The preamble to the treaty makes reference to this new relationship saying the two parties desire ``. . . to establish a genuine partnership based on the principles of mutual security, cooperation, trust, openness, and predictability.''  I believe a series of cooperative measures, inspections, data sharing and other verification measures are appropriate even in a relationship based on trust, cooperation, openness, and predictability.  I am sorry to remind my colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle that it was their President, Ronald Reagan, who said, ``Trust but verify.'' He was negotiating a START treaty at the time with the Soviet Union. I think his words still apply. Verification builds trust.  As British Foreign Secretary, Lord Palmerston said in 1848--and it has become an often-quoted maxim in foreign affairs--``We have no eternal allies and we have no perpetual enemies. Our interests are eternal and perpetual, and those interests it is our duty to follow.'' In this case, the interests of both countries are served by reducing deployed warheads, but interests can change with the circumstances.  President Bush has said several times--in fact, he said it in a conversation that I was a party to--that he has developed a relationship of trust with the Russian President, Vladimir Putin. In a joint press conference with the Russian President in June, 1991, President Bush said: ``I looked the man in the eye. I found him to be very straightforward and trustworthy. We had a very good dialogue. I was able to get a sense of his soul. . . . The Cold War said loud and clear that we're opponents and that we bring the peace through the ability for each of us to destroy each other. . . . Friends don't destroy each other.''  This may well be so, but the fact is that both countries still both have, at the push of a few buttons, the capability to destroy each other, and to destroy the world. There can be no more serious matter.  President Bush and President Putin may have the best of trusting relationships, but we cannot know what the future will bring or who will be President of either country over the life of this treaty, or what kind of relationship those Presidents may have.  Condition 8 of the resolution of ratification of the START treaty requires that in connection with any subsequent agreement reducing strategic nuclear weapons, the President shall seek appropriate monitoring measures. I want to read the entire condition, because I believe it is very important for my colleagues to hear what the Senate required in 1992:       (8) Nuclear Stockpile Weapons Arrangement.--In as much as      the prospect of a loss of control of nuclear weapons or      fissile material in the former Soviet Union could pose a      serious threat to the United States and to international      peace and security, in connection with any further agreement      reducing strategic offensive arms, the President shall seek      an appropriate arrangement, including the use of reciprocal      inspections, data exchanges, and other cooperative measures,      to monitor--       (A) the numbers of nuclear stockpile weapons on the      territory of the parties to this Treaty; and       (B) the location and inventory of facilities on the      territory of the parties to this treaty capable of producing      significant quantities of fissile materials.  This condition, originally offered to the START Resolution of Ratification during committee consideration, was offered by the Senator from Delaware, Mr. Biden, who is in the Chamber today and has been a leader, as well as Senator Lugar, in developing the kind of arms control which can make a safer world. Senator Biden offered an excellent condition that reflected deep concern about nuclear warheads and fissile material falling into the hands of terrorists and irresponsible states, and anticipated that future treaties would require cooperative measures to monitor and verify reductions in strategic weapons in a post-cold-war context.  In fact, measures to monitor what becomes of the thousands of warheads to be taken off of operational deployment is one of the most important steps the United States and the Russian Federation can take to be sure those weapons or fissile materials are secured.  The START treaty contains an extremely complex verification regime. Both countries collect most of the information to verify compliance through ``National Technical Means of Verification,'' in other words, satellites and remote sensing devices. START also allows intrusive measures, such as on-site inspections and exchanges of data.  But these measures under START apply to the retirement and destruction of nuclear weapons launchers and not the warheads themselves. START has a complex way of limiting nuclear forces--rather than counting warheads, it attributes a certain number of warheads to each kind of missile or bomber.  The treaty before us does not require the destruction of launchers, or warheads. There is simply no way to verify what may happen to the thousands of warheads that are to be taken out of operational deployment.  When Senator Lugar came to our breakfast a few weeks ago, he told a story of visiting the submarine facility at Minsk--I am sure he can fill in the details--and seeing the long line of nuclear submarines that used to be part of the Soviet Navy. He raised a serious and important question about what would happen to the nuclear payload or the nuclear materials in those submarines. Will they be taken out to sea and scuttled, or dismantled and sold? It is a serious concern.  Think about the materials we are talking about. I have seen Senator Biden many times come to the floor with materials no longer than a saucer, and easily transported in terms of their size. Now we are talking about a treaty before us which does not include verification procedures so that we are not certain that the Russian Federation is actually dealing with these fissile materials and nuclear weapons in a fashion to guarantee that they won't be the subject of proliferation.  Doesn't it make sense for us to have a reciprocal obligation on the part of both the United States and the Russian Federation to make certain this treaty works? To say the President of the United States and the President of Russia have a trusting working relationship is a good thing for world peace. But who knows what tomorrow will bring? Who knows where we will be or where the Russian Federation will be? And who knows who the leaders will be?  It is important for us, if we are ratifying a resolution for a treaty that will affect the United States for 9 or 10 years, that we at least consider the possibilities that things may not end up as smoothly as we hoped. It is far better for us to build into this resolution a verification procedure to make sure both sides live up to the terms of the treaty. As President Reagan said, ``Trust but verify.''  I believe that it makes sense for new verification measures to be negotiated. A Bilateral Implementation Commission and the Consultative Group for Strategic Security have both been established in connection with the treaty, and verification and transparency measures may be discussed in these fora. Secretary of State Colin Powell said in his testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that the Administration will ``consider whether to pursue expanded transparency'' at meetings of the Consultative Group.  My amendment reminds the Executive Branch that it is already required to seek an arrangement on such issues by Condition 8 of the START treaty, and simply requires a report on what it has done to comply with the requirements of that condition.  I believe this change, although small, is important. It is a change that states to every Member of the Senate and to the American people we represent and to future generations that this is more than just words on paper. It is more than just a blink of an eye and a relationship.  There is a verification procedure to make sure that the nuclear weapons that are to be set aside and not menace the rest of the world are actually set aside, verification procedures which we can trust and the Russians can trust as well. That is not too much to ask. To do anything less is to perhaps jeopardize the good, positive relationship we have today, by leaving unsaid and unmet our obligation for verification.  Madam President, I send this amendment to the desk.  