President, with no objection, let me explain what I havedone because it is significant. I want to make it clear at the outset of this debate what I have done. If either side wishes to address it, I want to explain my rationale.  In the original version of the amendment we said if the doctor certified that a woman who was pregnant was eligible for a late-term abortion, certifying that her life was at stake if she continued the pregnancy, or that she faced the threat of grievous physical injury--if a doctor made that certification, we wanted to make certain it was the truth. We provided in this bill that a doctor who knowingly certified that a woman was eligible for a late-term abortion when he knew it was not true ran the risk of losing his medical license, would no longer be able to practice medicine, and for the first offense a fine of $100,000, for the second offense a fine of $250,000.  There was also a provision later in the same bill which subjected that same doctor to a potential criminal penalty for perjury.  I have spoken to some doctors who have said to me: Senator, understand, even if a mother's life is at risk, what you are asking this doctor to decide, that he is willing--he or she is willing to risk their medical license to ever practice medicine again, face a fine of $100,000, and go to prison--how many doctors do you think, even under the most difficult circumstances, would then undertake getting involved in terminating a pregnancy even if a mother's life is at stake?  I have thought about that. I rolled around last night thinking about that. I came to the conclusion they are right. I think it is a sufficient penalty to say that a doctor who misrepresents on this certification whether a mother's life is at stake or she faces a grievous physical injury could lose his license to practice medicine and face a substantial fine.  The modification which has been accepted here removes the criminal penalty. But even the criminal penalty, which might be 2 years, is something that comes and goes. Losing your medical license for a lifetime is certainly a penalty felt by that person for the rest of his or her natural life.  I made this modification. There will be some who will say you have weakened this bill. I don't think the loss of a medical license and facing a fine is a weakening of this bill to the point where doctors are now going to be less vigilant in making certain that they enforce the provisions of my approach and my amendment.  Having said that, and having explained what I have done this morning with this modification, and addressed the concerns of doctors and those of my colleagues who raised it, let me go to the heart of the issue.  We have talked today about a gruesome abortion procedure. I am still touched by it every time it is described. Any sensitive human being would be touched by it. But I will tell you there is no abortion procedure which, if it is described in detail, would not touch your heart. You are talking about the elimination of a fetus, whether viable or not. You are talking about gruesome surgical circumstances. Why in the world do we allow this to happen in America?  In the earliest stages of the pregnancy, we say we don't believe the fetus has reached the point of being a person. The argument about whether the joining of the sperm and the egg creates a person has been going on for centuries. Different religions, different cultural traditions, different countries, and different leaders have come to different conclusions. Even people in medicine can't quite tell you when it becomes a person.  So the Supreme Court in Roe v. Wade came up with some definitions in trimester terms--the first three months, the second three months, and last three months of pregnancy. They basically said in the first 3 months if a woman learns she is pregnant, it is basically her decision as to whether she wants to continue with the pregnancy or end it. In the second three months, a more complicated decision. But in the last three months--the seventh, eighth and ninth month of the pregnancy--the Court has made it clear we will not terminate the pregnancy in that situation unless there are compelling circumstances involving a threat to the life of the mother or a threat to the mother's health.  We have to put this conversation and debate into context. We are talking about the termination of a pregnancy through an abortion procedure where we have reached such a medical crisis that a doctor says to a woman, I have to tell you, if you continue this pregnancy, it could threaten your life. You may never bear this child because of the complications of this pregnancy, because you may die or I can tell you this: You may go through this pregnancy and run the risk of endangering your health permanently.  You say to yourself: What kind of endangerments would lead a woman to terminate a pregnancy late in the pregnancy? Senator Boxer has listed them. You could be dealing with a uterine rupture in a pregnancy where the woman understands that if she continues the pregnancy, she may never be able to bear another child.  These are not theoreticals or hypotheticals dreamed up by Senate staff and Members of the Senate. These are told us by doctors and by obstetricians who literally have to sit across the desk from a mother-to-be and say, I have terrible news. Something has happened we never anticipated. This late in the pregnancy you are facing something which you didn't think would ever happen: The possibility of a hemorrhage that could endanger your life, a uterine rupture that could endanger the ability to have a child, blood clots, embolisms, stroke, danger to your organs of a permanent nature, and even paralysis.  I have spoken to women who have been through this. Believe me, this was not a casual, easy decision. These women, late in pregnancy, were counting the days when finally their back stopped hurting them and finally they could get back to normal clothes and have the baby in their arms. They were waiting expectantly for that, only to learn at the last minute in the pregnancy something had happened that no one had anticipated.  The amendment which I offer says let us make certain if we are going to draw the line on the termination of pregnancy late in the pregnancy, let us make certain we don't forget there are two things that need to be respected. One of those comes down to the basic premise of philosophy of the mother first. Hardly anyone argues with this. If it is a choice between the life of the mother and the life of a fetus, most religious traditions and most people would say, For goodness sakes, you save the mother. You save the mother.  The Durbin amendment says you can only terminate the pregnancy late in the pregnancy, after viability, in the final trimester, give or take a few days, you could only terminate it if the mother's life is at stake. I hope there is no argument about that.  The second part is equally important. This is the part where we have a division of opinion. We part company here in the Senate; that is, whether or not you should allow late-term abortions when a mother faces the possibility of a grievous physical injury, as I have described. I think you should. At least I think the option should be there.  If some mother in that circumstance takes the heroic position that she may never be able to have another child, but she wants to go forward with this pregnancy, that is her decision. That is the decision for her and her family and conscience. It is one she can make.  But what we are seeing here with the underlying bill is we don't want to create the possibility for that decision to be made. We want to foreclose the possibility that a woman facing the threat of grievous physical injury late in her pregnancy would make the decision to terminate the pregnancy.  I think it is a mistake. I think we have pushed ourselves into medical judgment and medical decisions in a way we never should have done. Whether you are pro-life or pro-choice, should we not create an opportunity for that mother who has just been hit between the eyes with the knowledge that what was a perfect pregnancy has sadly gone the wrong way and that now if she continues that pregnancy she may endanger her life or endanger her ability to have another child?  These are tough decisions.  