President, I think two things ought to be brought up as part of the motion to commit. The first is that we are considering language already rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court--a 5-to-4 vote, by a fairly conservative Court. Yet we are being asked to vote on it again today. That does not suggest a learning process. It suggests that people are stuck in a political position that they are going to keep bringing up over and over again regardless of the Court. So the language is identical.  The second thing the Supreme Court said when they rejected the Nebraska statute still applies to this, and that is that there is no health exception, no situation where a mother's health situation is taken into consideration when an abortion procedure is allowed.  I might ask the Senator from California this. I listened carefully--and again I will defer to my colleague from Pennsylvania when it comes to his convictions and feelings on this issue; they are heartfelt, real, and sincere. I cannot listen to him without coming away with that impression. He said he believes that if every American could come into a medical setting and watch this abortion being performed, they would understand his position.  I would like to ask the Senator from California: Couldn't the same thing be said of the women who are finding late in their pregnancies that there has been a terrible complication which has occurred, which threatens their lives, threatens their health? Couldn't we also say, if you could sit down in a waiting room with a mother-to-be and her husband who have just been given tragic news at the end of what they thought was a normal pregnancy, and that in fact it is not normal, there are terrible complications, and that continuing this pregnancy may threaten this mother's life or threaten her ability to ever have children again? I wonder if you invited all of America into that waiting room to anguish withthese parents, what their conclusion would be.  I say to the Senator--and I ask for a response--there is no doubt about this. This is a painful and emotional issue on both sides. But in fairness, it has to be said that the other side is arguing they don't want to take into consideration the health of the mother, they don't want to create an exception for a mother in desperate circumstances, facing a medical crisis that is threatening her health and ability to ever bear another child.  In honesty and fairness, should we not be talking about both sides of this equation? I ask the Senator to respond.  