President, I thank my colleague from North Dakota for reminding us that there are issues out there about which the American people really care. I dare say if you go to Missouri, Illinois, North Dakota, South Carolina, Georgia, or Minnesota and take the average person on the street and ask them: ``Where in the list of priorities in your life is the fact that 4 judges out of 172 nominated by President Bush have not been approved,'' my guess is they are going to say: I didn't even know that. Is that a big problem?  In fact, this morning's Washington Post has an interesting story about what we are doing here, this made-for-TV filibuster. They say:       The greatest deliberative body shows what it does best--     talk itself silly.  That is the Washington Post this morning. They refer to filibuster buttons--we have them on both sides of the aisle--filibuster T-shirts, and filibuster bingo games.  I am glad they didn't disclose the identity of this man, but they went out and asked one of our Capitol Police officers what he thought about this marathon debate. He probably would lose his job if his name were disclosed because of the Republican majority. Here is what this man said, a Capitol policeman who has been standing guard over the Capitol through the wee hours of the morning while we gassed on here on the floor about our favorite political issue: the lack of confirmation of four judges.  Incidentally, for those who are keeping score, I believe it cost us about a quarter of a million dollars in taxpayer money for additional pages to be printed in the Congressional Record and for additional Capitol Hill Police overtime protection because of this 39-hour marathon--a quarter of a million dollars.  Let me get to the quote from this Capitol policeman. They asked about the made-for-TV filibuster. He said:       I can see it if it was something important, like the budget      or Iraq, but who cares about judicial appointments. They      should get a life.  There is a lot of wisdom out there standing in the hallways and in the streets in the cold wondering what in the world we are doing here. The Senator from North Dakota knows full well, if you go to his State or my State and talk about 3 million jobs lost under the Bush administration, those are the numbers they care about, not 168 to 4.  The Republican majority is out of touch. They just don't get it. They don't understand what real families and real businesses across America care about.  The cost of health insurance--for goodness' sake, how much time have we spent in the Senate talking about the cost of health insurance this year? Nada, zero, rien, not at all. No time to discuss the cost of health insurance, the biggest single issue facing families and businesses across America, but, boy, for four judges we are prepared to stand on this floor for 36 hours and grind red meat for Fox TV News and the right-wing radio boys. We will spend night and day. We will bring in our props such as cots and suitcases, and we will pretend this is a really serious filibuster and ignore the really serious issues that America really cares about.  You wonder why fewer and fewer people take the Senate seriously? You wonder why fewer and fewer people vote? It is because of this kind of charade.  