HATCH. Not yet. I will make a statement first before I yield for a question. I will do that later, however. I have been very good about yielding, so I hope my colleague does not feel badly about my decision to make my statement first.  I cannot believe the arguments that have been used in this matter, and I cannot believe my colleagues on the other side, with their feet in concrete, cannot understand why this is such an important nomination.  The fact is this fellow is immensely qualified. I have had countless people tell me that, in addition to my own studies, and I have had a lot of Democrats say he is really qualified--but.  ``But'' what? These phony accusations that he has not answered questions? Come on. The Democrats conducted the hearings. They controlled the process. They could have kept the hearings going for days. It would have been very unusual for them to do that, but they could have. The hearings were conducted by Senator Schumer. Every Democrat had a chance to come and ask questions. After the hearings were over, they had an opportunity to present written questions to him. Guess how many of those nine Democrats offered written questions. Only two of them.  I will say, the distinguished Senator from Illinois has tried to get to the bottom of what he is concerned about in Federal judgeships. I commend him for it. He wrote questions, and he got answers. Senator Kennedy, who takes a very active role on the committee, wrote questions, and he got answers. Where were the rest of them? Why all the complaining now, 2 years later? Are we going to make every circuit court of appeals judge wait 2 years?  Actually, we are finding a slowdown in the Federal judiciary like I have never seen before, except for district court nominees about whom they do not seem to worry too much. If they are qualified, district court nominees are the trial court nominees. Circuit court nominees should be qualified, too, and this one--I would not say overly qualified, but not many people can match his qualifications in this whole society today--here, in the 10th or 11th day of debate, he is being treated very shabbily.  We are in the middle of a filibuster, no matter what anyone says. That is exactly what it is. I noted my friend from New York, Senator Schumer, said on Sunday this is not a filibuster. If it is not, I don't know what it is. And, frankly, I know a lot about filibusters, having led one of the most important filibusters in history on labor law reform in 1978 that lasted at least a month. It was very tough, mean, miserable, and in some ways tremendously difficult.  My colleague, the distinguished ranking member on the committee, on June 18, 1998, said: ``I have stated over and over again on this floor that I would . . . object and fight against any filibuster on a judge, whether it is somebody I opposed or supported.''  So I suppose the distinguished Senator from Vermont will be another vote for Mr. Estrada, if he really meant what he said. Knowing him, I am sure he did mean what he said. So that would get us up to 56 votes right there. He also said: ``I do not want to get to having to invoke cloture on judicial nominations. I think it is a bad precedent.''  Boy, I sure agree with that. I spent 6 years during the Clinton years when a lot of liberal judges were put up, who were qualified, arguing with some on our side, a relative few, but some who believed we should filibuster those judges. I said: No way. We can't get into filibustering of judges. It diminishes the power of the administration, the executive office, the executive branch of Government, which is supposed to be coequal with the legislative branch. But in addition to diminishing the power of the executive branch, it diminishes the power of the judiciary with regard to its coequality with the executive branch, so both would be diminished while the executive branch was augmented and made superior over both of those branches.  Why? Because a filibuster means that from here on in, with every nominee who may be ``controversial,'' you are going to have to have a supermajority of 60 votes. Or will you? If the Democrats have their way, that is how it will be. And it will be both ways. There will not be any more well-known liberals or well-known conservatives, as great as many in the past have been, on the courts of this country; there will be people who do not have a paper trail, do not have any opinions, on whom you do not know what is going on in their minds. They will be the only ones who can get through for the circuit court of appeals positions or the Supreme Court. That would be indeed a tragedy for this country.  What we get when we elect a President is a person who picks the judges in this country. The Senate's obligation is to vote on those judges. If you do not like what you see, you vote no. If you like what you see, you vote aye. But they get a vote on the Senate floor. That is not what is happening here.  If press reports are to be believed, some Senators are contemplating a dramatic change to the Senate's treatment of the President's judicial nominees. A new requirement: The nominees to the Nation's courts must receive at least 60 votes in order to be confirmed. Since our friends on the other side are filibustering Mr. Estrada's nomination to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, and if the filibuster results in the nomination being rejected, Democrats will have forced a permanent change in the political and constitutional landscape, a very dangerous and bad change.  