They have come to the floor and said to the Members of the Senate, look, we found $12 billion. Imagine $12 billion over a period of time. We are in the middle of debating a prescription drug bill. What would the Senate do with new found money, $12 billion worth?  We took a look at the underlying bill, the prescription drug bill. There are a lot of problems with it. There is no guaranteed monthly premium. It has a deductible. It has a period of time when there is no coverage. You are paying prescription drug bills and you have no protection, no coverage. There are a lot of uncertainties in this bill.  You would think the first thing you would do with the $12 billion is make this a stronger bill, try to take care of some of the weaknesses, the deficiencies.  Wrong. Given $12 billion, an agreement has been reached not to give the money to the seniors to help them pay for prescription drugs but to give $6 billion to HMOs and private insurance companies, a $6 billion Federal subsidy so they can experiment with alternatives to Medicare.  I am like my colleague from Arkansas; I could not get a moment's rest last night for fear that we just were not going to give enough money to the insurance companies when this was all over with. I lost all my sleep the night before worried about the fact that maybe pharmaceutical companies would not get all the money that we could possibly throw their way. Then along comes this amendment. We can rest easy tonight because we will give $6 billion to HMOs. This industry which manufactures the milk of human kindness for seniors and families across the America by denying basic health care coverage so they can run up profits is going to need a Federal subsidy.  What a delicious irony that we cannot help poor seniors trying to pay for prescription drugs because, Senator, we just do not have enough money. And we cannot help our schools, we cannot pay for President Bush's No Child Left Behind, this unfunded mandate on everybody's local schools because, Senator, we just do not have enough money. But the $6 billion we just found we are going to give to the HMO insurance industry.  When they write the history of this debate, this amendment will stand out. This amendment is a tribute to selfishness, a tribute to shortsightedness. Why in the world aren't we helping the people who need it the most? Why are we giving the money to the HMOs so they can experiment with an effort to end Medicare?  I just ran into Bill Thomas in the hallway, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, most powerful man when it comes to Medicare in the House of Representatives. He said in today's New York Times:       Some of our friends on the other side of the aisle are      saying if this bill becomes law, it will be the end of      Medicare as we know it. Our answer to that is, we certainly      hope so.  Well, thank you, Congressman Thomas, for your candor. And your candor is the reason why so many Senators have now come to the Senate and said the only way to end Medicare is to subsidize HMOs with even more money so they can be more profitable and try to force Medicare out of business. That is what it is all about.  My colleagues will have two choices. They can join me in voting with Senator Dorgan, Senator Pryor, and others and say if you have $12 billion, for goodness' sake, put it into this bill. Make this bill a little better for seniors. Reduce the cost for seniors. Give them some assurance of what they will pay. Provide more prescription drug coverage. That is one option. I will support it.  If it does not succeed, I will offer a second option. It reaches a point under the bill we are debating, during the course of a year, when there is a gap in coverage where the Federal Government will not help pay one penny on your prescription drugs, and about $3,700 into the year out-of-pocket expenses for prescription drugs, this plan cuts off. The underlying plan says you are on your own until you get in the range of $5,500. Then we will start paying you again. So there is a gap in coverage where that senior citizen, that widow living by herself, has to pay all of the prescription drug bills until she reaches the catastrophic coverage level.  This would not be a problem if you did not have over $3,700 in prescription drugs a year. But a lot of seniors do. I have run into them, met them in Illinois, heard their testimony on Capitol Hill from across the country.  I will offer an alternative to my colleagues in the Senate that says simply this: We want to make sure people who suffer from some of the most expensive diseases that afflict senior citizens can pay for their medication. So we will take the $12 billion and we will put it into the basic bill and cover heart disease, cancer, Alzheimer's, diabetes and its complications.  We are not going to leave you high and dry. At the end of $3,700 of subsidy from the Government, we are going to take the $12 billion and put them back in there to try to keep helping you if you are afflicted with one of these diseases.  I will readily concede to my colleagues that I can think of a half a dozen other diseases where people have horrendous prescription drug bills and need help but I will try to appeal to my colleagues. Here is your choice. You have a parent or a grandparent, suffering from cancer, who has to buy expensive drugs to stay alive. The Government program that we are proposing stops paying for those drugs halfway through the year because they have reached a point where they spent $3,700 and now they have to wait and spend another $1,500 to $1,800 of their own money before they have coverage. You can help them pay for those cancer therapies or you can send $6 billion in Federal subsidies to HMO insurance companies.  That is the choice. It is a fairly straightforward choice.  According to a July 2002 study, heart disease and hypertension are the most expensive conditions to treat. Millions of Medicare beneficiaries are suffering from them and struggling to pay for their medications. That is one of the conditions we would help pay for with the $12 billion, $6 billion of which is headed for these private insurance companies' subsidy.  The majority of America's cancer patients are on Medicare. They are your parents and grandparents. They are struggling with all forms of cancer. Nearly 60 percent of new cancer diagnoses and 50 percent of all cancer-related deaths occur in people 65 years and older.  I am not identifying a problem that does not exist. It exists. Ask any family about cancer, my family included. We all have stories to tell. And you know how expensive it is now to keep that loved one alive to try to give them a chance to survive. This bill cuts them off and leaves them high and dry. My amendment gives them a chance.  More than 2 million of all Medicare beneficiaries will have cancer in 2003. Let me give an example of a couple who wrote to my office. They wrote a couple years ago from a downstate community, a small community. It is one of the letters that Senators get every day, one that we saved. It was sent to us in September of 2002.       Dear Senator Durbin:       My wife has multiple myeloma, which is a cancer of the bone      marrow. This disease, while controllable, is not curable. As      a result, she has to take a great deal of drugs for physical      as well as mental anxiety.       Last year our combined prescription drug bill [and this is      the year 2000] was $4,500. This year our regular prescription      drug bills will be more.       Now my wife Marion has been put on Thalidomide. A great      many multiple myeloma     patients are now on Thalidomide. Said drug is very expensive.      With a low dose [and this is in the year 2000] it is $455.99      a month.  Incidentally, we checked. That same low dose now costs $645 a month. So in 3 years it has gone up over 40 percent. It costs them $5,500 a year just for that drug. This is an elderly couple in their retirement on a fixed income, fighting cancer, putting every dollar in their savings into keeping one of them alive. Think about $644 a month. Think about seniors trying to survive on $1,100 a month on Social Security. And think about this bill which says to this family from Illinois and others just like them: I am sorry, but at some point we are going to stop paying.  Doesn't it make more sense for us to take the $6 billion and not give it in a subsidy to these private insurance companies but instead give it to these seniors to help them pay these bills? I think it does.  I don't have to tell you the story of Alzheimer's. Is there a family in America that does not have a loved one or a friend who is struggling with some form of Alzheimer's? God bless us; we are living longer, but as we do life gets more complicated. Let me give an example of a gentleman in Maplewood, MN. His annual out-of-pocket drug costs for Alzheimer's are $7,000--annual cost. This man is 78 years old. He pays as much out of pocket for prescription drugs as he does for all of his other household expenses combined. He is a World War II vet, father of three. He is a full-time caregiver for his wife. He hasn't had a vacation in 5 years. He has given up what he loves to do because he just can't afford them.  ``I am managing the cost, but I'm pretty nervous about it,'' he says. Medicare can do something to help. Yes, it can. That is our choice. Are we going to do something to help these seniors facing the most expensive medical conditions or are we going to give $6 billion to private HMOs in a Federal subsidy?  The last one I include is diabetes and its complications. I am sad to report to you, those who are following this debate, diabetes is reaching epidemic proportions in America. Over 6 percent of the American population suffers from some form of diabetes. In the late stages of diabetes, the complications become horrible: Amputations, blindness, severe problems.  Faced with this in your senior retirement years, depending on a prescription drug plan, do you really want to say to these people and these families battling diabetes and its complications: We are going to cut you off. We would love to give you more but frankly we have to help the HMO insurance companies. Those are the ones who really need a helping hand.  You couldn't take that argument to any town in America. You couldn't take it to any public meeting. You couldn't take it to any senior citizens. You couldn't take it to any family with a loved one struggling with one of these diseases.  So my friends on the floor of the Senate are going to have a choice: $6 billion in Federal subsidies for HMOs or $6 billion to help seniors struggling with these terrible, life-threatening, expensive conditions, to pay their prescription drug bills. I think that choice is easy. I hope the majority of the Senate agrees.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  