 The point I wanted to make with Dr. Clancy's quote is that medical malpractice in this country is a very serious problem. It is not just a matter of how many lawsuits are filed. As I indicated, only one out of 50 malpractice cases actually ends up in court, and fewer than half of them end up going to verdict or settlement. It is a serious problem. The source of my statement is none other than the Institute of Medicine, a well respected organization here in Washington. They say this epidemic of medical malpractice has caused more American deaths this year than breast cancer, AIDS, and car accidents combined. It is an equivalent of a jumbo jet liner crashing every 24 hours for a year.  More than 70 studies in the past decade have documented serious quality problems in medical treatment. One of the most well known studies published in 1991 by a team of Harvard researchers found adverse events occur in 3.7 percent of all hospital admissions and 58 percent of those events are due to error.  The Institute of Medicine later took that study and another similar study done in Colorado and Utah and extrapolated the results to all U.S. hospital admissions. The Institute of Medicine found that there are at least 44,000 adverse events every year and as many as 98,000.  They also found that each year drugs kill 14,000 hospital patients and injure another 750,000.  The group of Harvard researchers that published the 1991 study found only 47 malpractice claims in the 31,429 cases they discovered. Of the 280 identified patients who experienced adverse events as a result of medical negligence, only eight filed malpractice lawsuits. That is only 2 percent of the people who had a justifiable reason to file a claim. Those researchers concluded that we do not now have a problem of too many claims. If anything, they said they were surprised there were so few.  A similar study published in The Lancet found that although 17.7 percent of patients experienced an adverse event that led to longer hospital stays, only 1.2 percent filed a claim. Thirty patients filed a malpractice claim out of 1,047 who could have, under this study.  There are profound problems with the current system. Doctors are not being disciplined and errors are not being reported. How can we expect fewer errors in the future if we do not address the system as a whole? Despite the alarming incidence of malpractice, only about 2,000 doctors, one-third of 1 percent of the doctors in the United States, are disciplined each year by State medical boards. Let me repeat, one-third of 1 percent of all doctors are disciplined each year by State medical boards.  I was on a trip recently and picked up a book in a book store which I recommend to people on both sides of this issue because I think it is the best and most balanced story of what we arefacing and debating. It is entitled ``Complications.'' It is by a surgical resident from Boston, Atul Gawande, a National Book Award finalist for this book. It is subtitled ``A Surgeon's Notes On An Imperfect Science.''  If you read this book--some people won't want to because there are some parts that may make you squeamish. I think Dr. Gawande really talks to you about the difficulty of being a medical doctor. The first chapter talks about placing a central line. It was tough for me to read this chapter, let alone what it was like for him as a surgical resident after having seen this central line implanted in a person's chest to do it for the first time himself. He had to. Trial and error was the only way he would learn. Of course, some mistakes were made. In his case they were not fatal or serious. But it was part of the learning process.  I think we have to concede that medical practice is not perfect. But we also know some serious mistakes can be made with terrible consequences on an innocent patient.  Dr. Gawande refers in one part to this whole question of what to do or how to deal with the fact that many doctors practice with other doctors who they really are worried about.  Let me give you an example of what he refers to in a chapter entitled ``When Good Doctors Go Bad.'' He says:       But the problem of bad doctors isn't the problem of these      frightening aberrations. . . . In medicine, we all come to      know such physicians: the illustrious cardiologist who has      slowly gone senile and won't retire; the long-respected      obstetrician with a drinking habit; the surgeon who has      somehow lost his touch. On the one hand, strong evidence      indicates that mistakes are not made primarily by this      minority of doctors. Errors are too common and widespread to      be explained so simply. On the other hand, problem doctors do      exist. Even good doctors can go bad, and when they do,      colleagues tend to be almost entirely unequipped to do      anything about them.  He talks about situations that he has faced where doctors are taking drugs. Doctors continue to practice and make errors every day. Because of the tight-knit community of physicians, other doctors are even afraid to speak to them, let alone to governing boards. Those doctors continue to make serious mistakes.  Quoting again, he says:       When a skilled, decent, ordinarily conscientious colleague,      whom you've known and worked with for years, starts popping      Percodans, or become preoccupied with personal problems and      neglects the proper care of patients, you want to help, not      destroy the doctor's career.  There is no easy way to help, though. In private practice, there are no sabbaticals to offer, no leaves of absence, only disciplinary proceedings of public reports and misdeeds. As a consequence, when people try to help, they do it quietly, privately. Their intentions are good; the result usually isn't.  This is a serious problem. If we are talking about malpractice claims, don't we owe it to the American people to be talking about medical errors and negligence and what we can responsibly do to make certain that the small minority of physicians who are guilty of malpractice are changed or removed from the practice?  It is estimated that 50 percent of the malpractice cases in America are filed against 5 percent of the doctors. Yet all of the doctors end up seeing their malpractice premiums increase.  When Congress set up a national practitioner database in 1986 to collect data on adverse medical practice, it was expected that at most it would report about 1,000 disciplinary actions a month. However, fewer than 1,000 a year are reported across the United States.  Let me address another issue. It is interesting, when I speak to groups of doctors, this is the focus of their attention, as it should be, because malpractice premiums have gone up so high. But 2 years ago, this wasn't what doctors were talking about. Malpractice premiums were lower. They weren't raising this issue as often.  They were raising another issue which is related. They were raising the issue of HMOs and managed care. Doctors across America told me that for years they were having difficulty being good doctors because insurance companies were telling them whether or not they could have tests performed, how long they could leave a patient in the hospital, and whether or not a surgery was indicated. They were beside themselves saying we were trained as medical professionals. We are being overruled by insurance companies.  Is it a great leap for us to take that concern of doctors over these many years and understand that perhaps one of the reasons why malpractice has increased is that HMOs and managed care companies are squeezing doctors away from the professional standards that they were taught to follow? That is part of the reality.  Another part of the reality is that not very long ago increased malpractice premiums were passed on to patients. Patients paid more in fees. Hospitals, of course, charged more for their services. Now, with HMOs and managed care and strict accounting and restrictions in compensation, the malpractice premiums can't be passed on. The doctor pays more of it personally.  That is why this has become a dominant issue. But it also relates to insurance companies.  A special interest group that is so heavily favored here in the U.S. Senate, which was hardly mentioned in the opening statement about S. 11, is the insurance companies. We just do not talk about insurance companies in polite Senate company. It is considered inappropriate to think that perhaps they have gone too far.  Do you know what this bill does? I think this is a classic. When you get to section 13 of this bill, the sense of Congress--this is like sending a note to your sister, but it is a sense of Congress, not a law--that a health insurer should be liable for damages for harm caused when it makes a decision as to what care is medically necessary and appropriate.  We debated for months as to whether the HMO and managed care company would be held accountable for making the decision on what is medically necessary and appropriate. Those on the other side of the aisle stood with the insurance companies and said: No, we don't want to hold those insurance companies liable. If they say that somebody has to leave a hospital too soon or that surgery is not indicated, the best we can do in this bill on malpractice is a sense of Congress--note to your sister--that says we really think a health insurer should be liable for damages performed. No law, just that is what we think; that is what we sense.  Is that any way to address this serious problem that is part of the medical malpractice crisis facing our country? Doctors and nurses many times know who the problem doctors are, and they know the problems with insurance companies. But the culture we are creating in the medical profession and the political culture which we created on the floor of the Senate has led us to the point where we can't honestly speak to the American people about remedying this problem.  I think there is a better way to deal with this. We should enact legislation following the lead of Senator Kennedy, who introduced a bill last year. It would establish a voluntary system to share medical error information among providers' and patients' safety organizations through the National Patients' Safety Database. Information shared in this manner would be privileged and not subject to legal discovery. But it would allow health care professionals to report accidents without fear that that information will put anyone in legal jeopardy. It would take a bad doctor out of the operating room when he should be out.  Health professionals who submit reports would also be protected from discrimination in the workplace for participating in reporting systems.  Also, consistent with the Institute of Medicine recommendation, this bill creates a new Center for Quality Improvement and Patient Safety and the Agency for Health Care Research and Quality. The center would conduct and support research on medical errors--something we need to face and face honestly.  We also have to concede another point. When the doctors from Illinois came in and said they favored this bill, I asked them: If we imposed a strict limitation of $250,000 on David and his family, a child who went to the doctor and hospital but unfortunately did not have his temperature monitored and became quadriplegic, if we said that child, no matter how long he lives, can never get more than $250,000 for painand suffering, no matter what the circumstances, if we did that, would it bring down your malpractice premiums? The doctors said: No, not right away, but maybe in 3 or 4 years we would start to see that turn around. In 3 or 4 years?  I listened to the Senator from Kentucky come before us and talk about an immediate national crisis. If his bill passes, it doesn't respond to this immediate national crisis. There is a better way to do this.  Over the past 2\1/2\ years with the Bush administration, we have been rather liberal--I guess I could use that word--in relation to their particular subject, tax cuts. We decided to use the tax cuts to reward and help certain people in our society. I believe we should construct legislation that allows a tax credit for those medical professionals and doctors who see their malpractice premiums going through the roof. To do that gives them immediate assistance, not something that may or may not help them 3 or 4 years from now.  The same could be true for hospitals and certainly for high-risk specialties. We need to allow doctors and hospitals to claim a tax credit for the percentage of malpractice premiums they are paying or will pay in the next number of years.  I also want to talk to you about the whole question of insurers and why we are in this dilemma. This has been analyzed by many groups, including the Government Accounting Office, the Wall Street Journal, and USA Today. How did we reach this point of a malpractice insurance crisis today? Why is it so much worse today than it was?  According to the Senator from Kentucky, one of the sponsors of S. 11, it is all about lawyers filing claims. That is not the whole story.  Insurance works in this fashion. If I am going to insure you for a loss, I collect the premium from you. The only way that I make a profit is if I collect more premiums from you than I have to pay back or I take those premiums and invest them in a way where I make money, and, coupling that together with excess premiums, make my profit.  It turned out that a few years ago, with the booming stock market and during the period of economic expansion in this country, a malpractice insurance company--a leading company in St. Paul, which is now out of business--had collected so much money in reserves and was making so much money in investments that they decided to declare a $1 billion dividend. Other companies saw this and said we need to get in the malpractice business; this is lucrative. So they did. They went in and made their investments. As the stock market started to crumble, they had no choice but to cut off their malpractice insurance or raise their premiums dramatically.  Did you hear any part of that explanation in the introduction of S. 11? You didn't. It was all about lawyers filing claims.  But there is another part of the story. The insurance companies are a part of the story. We are not supposed to talk about that on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Perhaps someone is entertaining a rule to prohibit reference to insurance companies. We just don't do that around here. That is not considered polite. But it is part of the problem, and it is also part of the solution. We need to deal with making certain that insurance companies treat doctors fairly--and reinsurance companies.  Now, this gets into the complexity of insurance policy, which I may not understand as well as I should, but I do know this part: There are five reinsurance companies in the world that reinsure for medical malpractice. Only one of them, the Hartford, is regulated in the United States and subject to State regulation; the other four are not. We have no idea whether the rates they are charging are fair. So before we say to David and his family, $250,000 and not a penny more, no matter how long you live, the obvious questions is, Are the insurance companies dealing with this challenge and dealing with it fairly?  Incidentally, the insurance companies are exempt from antitrust law. They can gather information and share that information without any penalty, through the Department of Justice, for violations of antitrust.  I think we understand what we are dealing with, but let me give you an idea of actual cases in States. The Senator from Kentucky talked about various States facing a malpractice insurance crisis, with which I do not quarrel. He suggested caps on recovery was the way to bring down malpractice insurance premiums.  The Weiss Ratings analysis took a look at the percentage increase in median medical malpractice premiums in the period between 1991 and 2002. They took a look at the States with caps, with limitations on how much a victim can recover, and those without caps.  You would assume, by the opening argument, that if the State has caps on how much a victim and his family can recover, the malpractice premiums must be low. But look at these States as examples of what happened during that 10- or 11-year period of time. The States without caps on recovery for malpractice victims such as this child David: Arizona had a 3 percent increase in median premiums for medical malpractice; New York, 6 percent; Georgia, 8 percent; the State of Washington, 27 percent.  When you go to the States with caps on recovery, let's see how their premiums reacted in the same period of time: California, up 50 percent; Kansas, up 60 percent; Utah, up 82 percent; and Louisiana, up 84 percent. So there is no direct correlation, no linear relation between caps and the premiums charged to doctors--exactly the opposite of what has been argued on the floor of the Senate on the motion to proceed to the bill.  In fact, if you look at it on a national basis--this, again, from the Weiss Ratings, Incorporated--the percentage increase in median medical malpractice premiums from 1991 to 2002: States with caps, with limitations on how much victims can recover, if they are the victims of medical negligence, a 48 percent increase in that period time; States without caps, 36 percent. So it is counterintuitive to argue that we are dealing with a linear relationship, direct relationship between caps and the premiums that are charged.  I would like to also add that I think we have to be honest about how we bring the groups together to deal with this. I think we also have to look to the legal profession. I do believe that if attorneys are guilty of filing frivolous medical malpractice lawsuits, we should put into law penalties to not only penalize them for costs and attorney's fees but ultimately to prohibit them from filing this kind of lawsuit if it is done with any repetition.  I do not believe doctors should be harassed. I want them to be doctors first and not sitting around in depositions and courtrooms for lawsuits that never should have been filed. But let me add very quickly, I have been there. I, as an attorney, had people walk into my office where they had husbands who had died, children who had died, and asked me to file medical malpractice lawsuits. I had to listen to those facts and make a decision. I will tell you, I thought long and hard before I considered taking on any of those cases.  Filing a medical malpractice case is not easy. It is not cheap. It is complicated and extremely expensive. If you do not start off with an understanding that you have a good chance of recovery, then, frankly, most attorneys will turn down those cases. That is why so few cases are filed relative to the number of malpractice claims that could be filed. Attorneys know that getting involved in those lawsuits in my State, now, requires an affidavit from a doctor which says, before you can file the complaint, that you do have a legitimate claim for medical malpractice.  We know the depositions will require expert witnesses, who are extremely expensive, in preparing your case to take it to the jury. All of these things are understood. We also know, at the end of the day, most plaintiffs lose their cases filed for medical malpractice, and that is after they have cleared all these hurdles. So to suggest that attorneys are just filing these cases frivolously, believing they are going to receive money for just filing a complaint, is certainly not my experience.  Let me say before I yield the floor--I notice my colleagues are in the Chamber and would like to speak--there is an element of this bill which the Senator from Kentucky made no mention of and no reference to whatsoever. He told us very good and important stories about doctors who couldnot practice because of malpractice premiums. I think he should have also included the fact that this bill does not just provide a limitation on recovery for lawsuits brought against doctors; this bill provides a limitation on recovery for lawsuits brought against pharmaceutical companies and medical device manufacturers.  I did not read anywhere about a malpractice crisis involving pharmaceutical companies, but we learned 2 weeks ago, when we debated the prescription drug bill--and we have learned time and again--that hardly any major bill could go through the Senate unless it figured out a way to help drug companies. This bill is no exception. This bill has been designed to make certain there is a limitation on the amount of money that can be recovered from drug companies and medical device companies when they may be guilty of product liability, when they may have sold a product which injured someone.  I can recall a specific situation: heart catheters. I am a little bit familiar with this issue, and maybe some of those who have followed the debate are as well. These are tiny little lines which are passed through a vein of a person to their heart, and they actually film what is going on in the person's heart. It is an amazing diagnostic device.  The medical device itself had been cleared by the Food and Drug Administration, but it turned out that the manufacturer was guilty of shoddy practices in Massachusetts. This manufacturer was creating and producing catheters which, when inserted into a patient and sent up to the heart, would break, leaving portions within the heart, leading to the necessity for surgery to retrieve those pieces that were left behind.  Now, I ask you, is that truly what this debate is all about, that medical device manufacturers which negligently make a product that can endanger the lives of individuals should also be limited in terms of their liability? These are not individual doctors; these are medical device companies. The same thing can be said of pharmaceutical companies.  So I would just ask the sponsor of this legislation, the next time he comes to the floor to explain this bill--and does it in compassionate terms about doctors--why he does not tell us the rest of the story. I want to hear the rationale about drug companies and medical device companies, why they, too, need this protection when their products cause extremely excessive damage to individuals.  It is my understanding that tomorrow we are going to return to the motion to proceed to this bill, and I am sure many of my colleagues will be coming to the floor. But I will say this, as I did at the outset: It is unfair the way doctors are being treated with medical malpractice premiums. Something needs to be done in a responsible fashion, and involving doctors and lawyers as well as insurance companies. If we do it, and do it right, it will be a service to every family in America and every community in America.  But this bill, S. 11, is equally unfair to the victims of medical negligence. To put a limitation on the amount a person can recover--regardless of the permanent disfigurement, the incontinence, the blindness, the quadriplegia that these people will suffer for a lifetime--is fundamentally unfair and, as we have demonstrated, will not lead to lower premiums. There are better, more reasonable ways to approach this problem.  As I said before on the floor, and I repeat at this point, I stand ready to work with the majority and other Members of the Senate. Let's roll up our sleeves and do this the right way. Let's do it in a way that we can be proud of, and not do it in a take-it-or-leave-it fashion, as this bill has been brought to the floor.  I yield the floor.  