President, today, the once proud Senate is no longer a voice, it is an echo--an echo of a bygone era when giants in the Senate strode the halls of this great institution. But not today. On amendment after amendment after amendment, we are told that the Senate is voiceless, the Senate is powerless, the House has left and there is nothing we can do. We have turned into a unicameral legislature before your eyes.  Now a majority of the Senators parade in the halls of this great institution with signs that read ``me, too,'' signs that read ``the House of Representatives knows best,'' signs that read ``the Senate no longer has time to think or to act. We just do what the House tells us to do.''  No matter how good the suggestion or amendment on the floor of the Senate today, it has been summarily rejected by the majority. Efforts to protect Social Security, rejected; efforts for accountability in budgeting, rejected; efforts for accountability of this White House and future Presidents, rejected. Why? Because the House told us to take it or leave it.  Well, I have hope for the Senate and the Members. I give you an amendment now that you can embrace to show you still believe in the Senate as it once reigned on Capitol Hill, embrace because you understand that on its face it is so logical, straightforward, so easy that you can embrace this amendment with the full knowledge that when you vote on final passage and go home, at least once today you stood up for the dignity of this great institution; at least once today, you thought for yourself; at least once today, common sense prevailed.  What does this amendment do? It simply calls for accountability. Once each year, the CBO will tell us what our actions have done to add to the national debt. It will tell us whether tax increases are going to create more debt for our children. It will publish that number and put it into terms so every single American will know whether we have increased the mortgage on America for our children and grandchildren to carry. That is it. It is so simple, straightforward.  My friend from Iowa, the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, from that commonsense bastion in the Midwest, that great State of Iowa, I know he believes in accountability, he believes in standing up for a report card on Congress, and that he will stand with me shoulder to shoulder, bipartisan, proud to tell the American people what we have done, proud to admit to the American people if we have added to their debt. I know he will be with me on this and he will break the shackles of the House of Representatives, and we will finally come together in a bipartisan fashion for the future of the Senate. I will applaud him for standing in support of the amendment.  I am only going to ask for a voice vote because I know it is going to be unanimous.  