President, this is one of those big days in Washington. It happens every year with the President's State of the Union Address. We look forward to it. It is an opportunity for the entire membership of the Senate and House to gather on the floor of the House of Representatives and bring in the Members of the Cabinet, Supreme Court Justices, the diplomatic corps, and Joint Chiefs of Staff. The President of the United States comes before us in a well-publicized event to speak from his heart about the State of the Union, our Nation.  For about an hour--some Presidents take a little longer than others--the President has center stage, as he should; he is our leader, our Commander in Chief. There is an air of anticipation during this lead-up time to the State of the Union Address because, until he speaks the words, we are never quite sure what he is going to say. The White House, whether it is under a Democrat or Republican, will tantalize us with hints and little notions, but I have found in the time I have served in Congress that sometimes they are misleading and they don't tell you the whole story. It is not until you go into the House Chamber and sit in the chair and listen to the President that you hear firsthand what is on his mind.  You are not certain, as well, about the people he will honor and pick out. It has become a standing tradition, I think since President Reagan, for the President to invite people to sit in the gallery, usually with the First Lady. They are pointed to with pride as great Americans who have done extraordinary deeds. There is a lot of speculation who will be up there. Will it be the family of a Reservist who has been activated for a potential war in Iraq, a firefighter, a policeman, or a member of the health professions who has distinguished himself or herself in our homeland security? You are never sure. It is this uncertainty which leads to the excitement about the State of the Union Address.  But we learned today in a story published in the Chicago Tribune that some people living here in Washington, some who work on Capitol Hill, have no uncertainty about what the President is going to say. This morning, in the Chicago Tribune, in an article written by Jeff Zeleny, it was disclosed that the White House has invited a select audience of Republican lobbyists and political executives down to the White House today to hear the State of the Union Address. I think that is unprecedented. I don't think there has been a time before when a President has invited in lobbyists, special interest groups, to hear the State of the Union Address in advance.  These top strategists and opinion leaders are going to attend a ``closed-door State of the Union briefing inside the White House complex.'' Who will be included? We are not sure of all of them. There will be about 70 top strategists, pollsters, and conservative groups, such as American Cause, founded by Pat Buchanan; Americans For Tax Reform, whose leader is Grover Norquist, someone who is well known in political circles in Washington. Then, of course, the lobbyists for the biggest corporations are going to be there in advance for the sneak preview, including personnel from AT and Eli Lilly, which is a major pharmaceutical company. They get a chance, before the American people, to hear the State of the Union Address.  Why would the White House want to open the doors for these special interest groups to hear the State of the Union Address before the President speaks to the American people? Well, it is certainly a special privilege he has granted to them. But it also reflects on what he is going to say in that State of the Union Address. He is certainly not bringing in these Republican strategists and business leaders and special interest groups to hear something they are going to find unsettling. He is really assembling a chorus of praise for those who will say after the speech that it is the best ever.  When the President really speaks to America and its issues, I just wonder, will we witness the same level of moral outrage from the conservative cable commandos as we heard in years gone by when special interest groups were invited to the White House? For this President to make history by bringing in lobbyists to hear the address before the people of the Nation, I am anxious to hear all of the people you see on cable channels and the reaction they will have.  Frankly, I am disappointed. I think this is a special moment for all of America. It is really not a special treat for lobbyists. Traditionally, this has been a moment for all America, to hear the President speak from his heart. When I reflect on what the President might say this evening, I know for certain he will speak about security, terrorism, North Korea and Iraq. That goes without saying. Those will be the issues that certainly will draw together many in Congress, Democrats and Republicans, on a bipartisan basis to stand behind our fighting troops and behind America as a leader in the world.  