President, today, with war looming with Iraq and hundreds of thousands of our troops poised for battle overseas, I would like to discuss the financial burden faced by many of the men and women who serve in the military Reserves or National Guard and who are forced to take unpaid leave from their jobs when called to active duty. Currently, there are nearly 170,000 Guard and Reservists mobilized and serving on active duty in our armed forces. While these individuals receive pay for the time they are on active duty, the salary gap between military duty and civilian work can be considerable. It is unfair to ask the men and women who have volunteered to serve their country, often in dangerous situations, to also face a financial strain on their families.  A number of employers have wisely acted to remedy this hardship by establishing financial compensation plans for their employees in the Reserves and National Guard. Many companies and State and local governments, including Ford, IBM, the State of California, Los Angeles County, and Austin, TX, recognize this burden and voluntarily pay the difference between the active duty military salary and civilian salary for these reservists. In my State of Illinois, Boeing Aerospace, State Farm Insurance, Sears, Roebuck & Company, the State of Illinois, the City of Chicago, and many other Illinois companies, local governments, and institutions cover the pay differential for Reserve and National Guard members called to active duty.  We should take similar action in Washington and set an example for employers throughout the country. Today, I am introducing with my colleague from Maryland, Senator Barbara Mikulski, the Reservist Pay Security Act of 2003, legislation that will help alleviate the financial problems faced by many Federal employees who serve in the Reserves and must take time off from their jobs when our Nation calls. This bill would allow these citizen-soldiers to maintain their normal salary when called to active service by requiring Federal agencies to make up the difference between their military pay and what they would have earned on their Federal job.  As the symbol of American values and ideals, the Federal Government should give these special employees of our government more than just words of support. We should not encourage Americans to protect their country and then punish those who enlist in the armed forces by taking away a large portion of their salaries. We must provide our reservist employees with financial support so they can leave their civilian lives to serve our country without the added burden of worrying about the financial well-being of their families. They are doing so much for us; we should do no less for them.  I urge my colleagues to join me in cosponsoring this important legislation.  