I thank the Senator for yielding and providing that additional information.  As my colleagues can tell, during the course of this exchange we are doing what usually happens in a committee hearing where sections of the bill are explained and members of the committee have a chance to ask questions such as I have asked of one of the sponsors, Senator McConnell. Then perhaps members of the committee say, perhaps, we need to change that language and we offer amendments. That is the committee process.  For this bill on medical malpractice, we have not done that. We are bringing it directly to the floor. As my colleagues can see, despite the fact that my colleague, the Senator from Kentucky, is certainly an able attorney, there are some complicated elements.  It is important, if we are going to consider a bill of this gravity, that we do take the time to do it and do it right.  I also note that a case which I mentioned earlier is a clear illustration of why this bill is fundamentally unfair to victims. I mentioned this case earlier because it involves a woman who lives in the city of Chicago. As I said in my opening statement, this lady, who has written an article in a leading newspaper in our town, says that she is literally the face of tort reform.  Three years ago, she went to a prestigious hospital in Chicago for a routine surgery to have two moles removed from the side of her head. During the surgery, the oxygen which was being administered to her ignited. In her words, it set her face on fire. It ended with her face in flames.  In her words:       My entire upper lip was burned off and much of my nose is      gone. For two years, I couldn't breathe on my own, and I now      wear a face mask with nasal tubes in what's left of my nose,      23 hours a day. I have endured eight surgeries, with more to      follow. The doctors who are trying to reconstruct my face and      teeth say the whole process could take up to seven years.  That is 10 years of surgery from that tragic accident.       Even then, the scars and burn marks will still be visible      and the emotional cost will be with me forever.  She says:       I'm 50 years old, and the mistakes made at the hospital      have damaged every part of my life--from my career to my      personal life to my sense of self. . . .       But today's proponents of medical malpractice reform don't      want to consider each case individually. They want to put a      cap on damages--regardless of how old a person was when they      were injured, how serious the injury, how an individual's      life has been affected by the negligence of others.  Let me interject for a moment. What is at stake in this debate is not just this important issue of medical malpractice but several other important issues. We are now talking about changing, at least in some respects, the right of States to make individual decisions about the lawsuits filed in their States.  As the Senator from Kentucky said earlier, there are some parts where the States will still have the last word but in other parts they will not. So we will preempt a State's right to establish standards for lawsuits in its State. Now that is an important issue which we consider from time to time, and depending on one's prejudice on the issue before them, they either ignore or honor States' rights. In this case, we clearly do not honor States' rights. The sponsors of S. 11 have decided that on a national basis we will preempt States' rights.  The other thing that S. 11 preempts that is critically important is the jury system. It is interesting that the men and women in the Senate who came here because of the votes of the people they represent, who trust the decision of the people they represent, would say that when 12 of them are gathered together in a jury box we cannot trust them; they are just not reasonable. They get carried away. And because they get carried away, according to those supporting S. 11, we have to restrain them. The only way to restrain them is to put limits in the law, say to them no matter how much they think this poor lady's case is worth they cannot give her more than $250,000. This bill says we just do not trust that jury.  Put the good lawyers in the room representing the doctor and the hospital, as well as those representing her, and the fear is, from those who bring S. 11 to the floor today, that they are just going to see this situation and say this is not fair, it is not right, and this poor lady deserves more than $250,000. Because of that fear that the jury may go too far, this bill says: We will stop them. We will stop them in every State in the Union.  Is it not interesting that when it comes to juries in medical malpractice cases we have so little regard for their ability to find the truth and do what is fair? And yet when it comes to so many other areas of the law, such as criminal justice and the imposition of the death penalty, the jury is sacrosanct; the jury has the final word. When it comes to deciding what this is worth for this lady, we do not trust them.  She goes on to say:       Some claim that $250,000 compensates people who are      injured.  I refer to this photograph of this poor lady and what she has been through, and she asks: ``Would any healthy person allow their face to be set on fire, or worse, to receive that sum of money?''  She says:       Not in the worst type of reality television show.       Some claim that caps are necessary to protect insurance      companies and HMOs. With documented medical mistakes soaring,      it is astonishing that federally proposed legislation would      first target the victims of medical error, before addressing      the errors themselves.  Now the Senator from Mississippi earlier suggested that I went too far in suggesting we ought to look at the whole issue of medical malpractice. Well, I do not think that is an issue foreign to this debate. I think it is an issue central to this debate. If we are going to reduce exposure to lawsuits, if we are going to reduce the size of premiums, then we certainly have to look to the root cause of the problem. If we do not deal with medical malpractice and the fact that only 1 out of every 50 cases of malpractice ends up in a lawsuit being filed, then frankly no matter how much we lower the noneconomic losses per case, there is still a universe of liability, a universe of exposure, for doctors and hospitals which goes untouched.  If this is going to be an honest discussion about reducing malpractice insurance premiums and the crisis thatthey have created among some specialities in some States, then I think frankly, as is said by this poor lady who was a victim, what is wrong with asking how we make our hospitals safer? How do we get our doctors to reach a point where they are making better informed decisions? That is a reasonable inquiry. It is one from which we should not shy away. It is certainly one that applies directly to what we are discussing.  She goes on to say:       Some claim that juries are the problem. I trust a jury of      my peers to competently determine a fair judgment in cases      like mine.       The proponents of this legislation want to rein in juries      in medical malpractice cases, but never question the      legitimacy of the jury in cases of the death penalty or other      cases of wrongdoing. It appears that their concerns focus      more on satisfying specific constituencies than protecting      citizens from harm.       Like many people, I have been injured by poor care at a      hospital. More than anything in my life, I wish I could take      that day back, to make myself the way I was before the fire      exploded all around me. But I can't have that day back. All I      can have now is the right to be treated as an individual, to      have others understand how this event has changed my life.       Caps on damages seek to treat all injured people in the      same way. No victim is exactly like any other. Devastating      injuries affect each life differently and deserve to be      treated individually.       In short, my injuries are personal--though part of a      national epidemic of negligence in hospitals. A recent study      showed that 98,000 people were killed in hospitals, through      neglect, in a single year.       I'm hoping that Congress and the public will see that each      victim of medical malpractice is worth considering on his own      and not put arbitrary caps on the personal suffering of so      many people.  That is what it comes down to, a question of individual worth. The question is whether or not we have reached such a point in our society where we have to step away from the rights of this individual who was clearly a victim--as much a victim as someone who would be shot by a gun on the street or hit by a drunk driver on the road--whether we have to say in her circumstance we cannot trust a jury of her neighbors and people in her community to decide what that injury was worth.  Have we reached that point? I hope we have not. I hope, instead, we will do something which would be a breakthrough in the Senate--that we will bring together the parties who are clearly responsible for where we are today. Those include insurance companies.  The Senator from Mississippi conceded the point. He said: I will concede that the investments of insurance companies have something to do with the premiums, of how high they are.  Well, though the Senator from Mississippi conceded the point, this bill doesn't have anything to do with it. It does not bring to task the insurance companies for the premiums they are charging or hold them accountable for premiums they will charge in the future.  We can keep noneconomic losses, limit the amount of money the victims like this can recover, find premiums still rising through the roof as they have in many States that already have these caps, and be powerless to respond. Our friends in the medical profession who are rightly asking us to do something should be enraged at that point, as well. Having been promised this so-called tort reform--though I don't believe it is real reform--that this limitation on the amount that can be recovered on individuals is going to be the answer to their prayers, it may fail. That is not fair to them.  Bringing together in one place the medical profession to deal with lessening medical malpractice, which according to the Bush administration spokesman, Dr. Clancy, has reached epidemic proportions, bringing together the insurance companies, which because of bad investments have seen their premiums skyrocket to try to make up the difference, bringing together the attorneys to make sure frivolous lawsuits are not filed, can bring a solution. If that solution is to be immediate--and it should be--it should necessarily involve some help in the Tax Code for doctors who are currently facing these problems, as well as hospitals.  I would like to know if the Senator from Kentucky would engage me, if he would explain why he has included in this medical malpractice bill, that was originally designed for doctors and hospitals, protection against lawsuits relative to medical device manufacturers and drug manufacturers. Why were these two additional groups included in S. 11 to limit their exposure to lawsuits? I don't recall any reports of a crisis when it comes to insurance for pharmaceutical companies.  I ask unanimous consent that the Senator from Kentucky be allowed to respond and I still retain the floor.  