President, I rise today to draw the attention of the Senate and those following this proceeding to a global emergency many of us believe the last Congress did not adequately address.  Imagine the public reaction that would ensue if every year the United States lost a population the size of the city of Chicago to HIV/AIDS-related deaths; if every year the United States lost the number of children equal to the population of this city, Washington, DC, to HIV/AIDS-related deaths. This is the reality the world faces.  Imagine how bad the situation would have to be in the United States for the public to accept an HIV-positive muppet on Sesame Street, the popular television show geared to little kids ages 2 to 4. This is the reality of children's TV in South Africa.  In 2001, 662,000 children lost either one or both parents to AIDS in South Africa.  In 2002, 3 million children, defined as 15 years of age or younger, were reported to be living with AIDS in sub-Saharan Africa; 800,000 children worldwide were newly infected with HIV last year.  Last weekend I went with several of my colleagues to Haiti. The reason for that trip had a lot to do with a well-known rock singer named Bono whose group U2 is legendary in rock-and-roll history. But he has taken on a special mission, not only to make music, but to make the world more aware of the HIV/AIDS crisis. He is a very likable fellow. He has been a great lobbyist. This Irishman comes to Capitol Hill and opens every door.  In my office, when he came to see me, I couldn't get over how many of my staffers took a great interest in HIV/AIDS just to be in the room when he sat down and talked about it. He has done such spectacular work with Democrats and Republicans, the executive branch, and the legislative branch. Then he had a tour, which was scheduled about 2 or 3 months ago, in the Midwest. The tour was really to speak to the heartland of America about this issue of HIV/AIDS. He came to my City of Chicago. I was proud to meet with him and a group of African American clergy.  Then he went out to a very conservative piece of real estate near the City of Chicago, the great Wheaton College. Wheaton College was where Billy Graham took his training before he went into the ministry. Wheaton College has a reputation of being pretty conservative, high-minded in their values, dedicated to their religion and their belief. And they invited him, this outspoken Irishman, to speak to them about HIV/AIDS. It was a great presentation.  At the very end there was some music, but most of it was very serious in that people talked about their life experiences. The thing I noticed, as the presentation was made, was that one of the doctors said: You Americans tend to want to look across the ocean for HIV/AIDS. You have it here in the United States, and don't forget it. But you also have it in your hemisphere in Haiti in a way that most people don't even appreciate.  Last weekend I traveled to Haiti with several of my colleagues, including Senator Bill Nelson of Florida. But the leader of our codel was Senator Mike DeWine, a Republican of Ohio, and his wife Fran. Let me just say something for a moment about Mike DeWine. Mike and I had been friends since we were both elected to the House 20 years ago. He left for a period of time and ran for Lieutenant Governor of Ohio, then came back as a Senator from that State.  Most people don't know Mike and his wife and family have a particular interest and dedication to Haiti and the poor people who live there. This trip was their eleventh trip to Haiti. Many Members of Congress are lucky to go to the same place far away once or twice in a lifetime. Think about the fact that Mike and Fran, people on their staff, continue to return to one of the poorest places on earth over and over and over again. It isn't just to take photographs. In fact, they do very little of that. It is to bring bags of toys and soccer balls, basic items, medical and otherwise, that the poorest people in our hemisphere need, to visit programs like one called Hands Together. Hands Together is something I never heard of before I got to Haiti, but I met Father Tom Hagan, who is the leader of Hands Together in Haiti, and Doug Campbell, his executive director, and they showed us a center which they have created inone of the poorest slums on earth. It is called Cite Soleil. My French translation would be Sun City. But it is not always sunny in this city for the tens of thousands who live in the worst poverty.  They created this little school and community center to teach children how to read and write on the condition that their parents also come in and learn. They provide basic food for these children. They invite in senior citizens who come in for the only meal of the day that is worthwhile, and they try to give them some encouragement and maybe some basic things they need to survive.  They told us a story about the senior citizens being brought to the center. There is no place for them to go in this terrible slum. When they first started bringing them in, most were brought in in wheelbarrows. They could barely walk. The life expectancy in Haiti is 51 years of age. If you are 60 or 70--I met people who are even older--it is a rarity, but you obviously have some good genetics. But they were still struggling.  At their center with Hands Together they offered these senior citizens a basic meal. I saw it. It was beans and rice with a few little peppers on the top of it, and a vitamin pill. In a matter of weeks, these same elderly people, who could barely walk and were brought in in wheelbarrows, were up and moving around, thanks to Hands Together and to Father Hagan.  There is also the center where the kids are educated, called the Becky DeWine Center, named after Mike and Fran's late daughter. It is wonderful to see those children come in in their uniforms, 6 days a week. They want to be there, learning.  The reason I tell you this as background is that amidst all this poverty, Haiti faces an AIDS epidemic which is unparalleled in our hemisphere. When Bono visited Wheaton College, he said to the students: This is a global crisis. It is in our backyard in the Caribbean. It is all across Africa. It is moving across India and Russia and China. We have to do something about it.  It was that piece of information that led me to go to Haiti. I am glad I did. We set up a meeting at the ambassador's residence. Ambassador Brian D. Curran is our career ambassador. Previously he had been the ambassador to Mozambique. He let us meet with Bill Pape, who is known as ``Dr. Pop'' in the French pronunciation. What an impressive man. Here was a man who told us how he had decided as a public health leader in one of the poorest countries to try to eliminate the deaths of children, infants, from diarrhea, a terrible problem in the Third World. These poor children, who drink water that is contaminated, get sick with diarrhea and throwing up, become dehydrated and die.  They put together a program that has virtually eliminated that as a challenge in Haiti. I am impressed. That is a big undertaking, and a lot of success was demonstrated. Now Dr. Pape and his organization, known as GHESKIO, an organization that is one of the earliest in terms of commitment to dealing with HIV and AIDS, have received a $10 million-plus grant from the Global AIDS Fund to take on the AIDS epidemic in Haiti. Already he is able to demonstrate on the chart that just their first year or two of activity, the AIDS rate of infection is starting to come down ever so gradually. He believes he is on the right course to deal with this epidemic.  Do you know where the Global AIDS Fund money comes from? Some of it comes from us, taxpayers who contribute to the Global AIDS Fund. As we contribute and he is successful, fewer children are infected; fewer children are orphaned. There is more hope for their future.  I left that visit to Haiti inspired again, as I am every time I visit some of the poorest places in the world. You might think it is depressing to see people living in the worst squalor imaginable, to see them holding beautiful little babies as they stand right next to open sewers that pigs are rooting through, to see dogs that are so skinny they can barely walk, to see the living conditions which are so horrible. You would think that would be so depressing, but you will find in every one of these places stories of courage, not just the mothers and fathers struggling to keep the family together, but people like Father Tom Hagan and Hands Together and Doug Campbell who come into that setting and say: Let us help.  There are many others. I just mentioned Hands Together. There is World Vision, CARE, Catholic Relief Services. The list goes on. Thank goodness they are there. I am glad I had a chance to see it.  When we came back here to Washington, I came back with a renewed dedication and determination to really work on this issue of global AIDS.  Today, I am introducing the Global Coordination of HIV/AIDS Response Act. The 107th Congress failed to pass AIDS authorizing legislation. We should have. President Bush has said in his State of the Union Address that AIDS will be a top priority in terms of global health.  I am a proud Democrat. I take exception to many things this President has done. Let me be the first to stand up and cheer President George W. Bush. That was the right thing to do. That is the right thing for America to do. I will be standing by his side whenever he needs me. I hope we all join him. The United States should lead the world in fighting this epidemic.  The President said he is going to commit $15 billion over the next 5 years to his new emergency plan for AIDS relief. He said only $10 billion of this is new funds. We need to sit down with OMB and see what that actually means. The funding sources may be somewhat blurry, but the commitment was made, and that is a wonderful step forward.  I also want to say that the Secretary of State, Colin Powell, has been an exceptional leader on this issue. He has taken grief for it because it involves some issues of controversy here in the United States.  Uganda--where I visited several years ago--successfully fought the AIDS epidemic with what they call the ABC plan, a public health education plan which doesn't have a lot of money for wonder drugs, but it has a lot of determination and resources dedicated to fighting AIDS. The ABC plan is very basic in countries with limited education, limited resources: A, abstinence when it comes to sexual activities; B, to be faithful to one partner; C, if you are going to ignore the other two, use a condom. It is that simple.  