HATCH. Let me finish first. It was a position supported by the Congressional Black Caucus. I have a copy of that letter. Let me read it:       As members of the Congressional Black Caucus, we are      writing to you because of our concern about the sentencing of      Officer Laurence Powell and Sergeant Stacey Koon by Judge      John Davies in the Rodney King civil rights case.       We are troubled that the sentence for the crime was reduced      to 30 months upon the court's consideration of mitigating      facts. Such a reduction for mitigating factors may be      appropriate in other circumstances. However, we feel that the      defendant's special status as police officers, with special      duties owed to the public, should have militated against such      a significant reduction.       As you well know, the maximum possible penalty was ten      years and fines of up to $250,000. Your federal prosecutors      were asking for seven to nine years. Our federal sentencing      guidelines recommended minimum sentences in a range of four      to seven years in prison.       Instead, Judge John Davies made broad use of subjective      factors. He stated that he read only letters addressed to him      from the friends and families of Officer Powell and Sergeant      Koon. He argued that much of the violence visited on Rodney      King was justified by King's own actions. However, these      officers were convicted on charges of violating Rodney King's      civil rights. We believe these mitigating factors did not      justify so large a reduction given the defendants' special      responsibilities as police officers.       In addition, Judge Davies did not afford proper weight to      the racist comments made over police radio by those convicted      on the night of the beating in discounting race as a      motivation for the beating. He similarly failed to take into      account the remarkable lack of remorse shown by Officer      Powell and Sergeant Koon since their conviction.       People of good will all over this country and of all races      were heartened when Officer Powell and Sergeant Koon were      convicted by a jury of their peers, a verdict made possible      by the Justice Department's resolve to file civil rights      charges and by the phenomenal performance of federal      prosecutors. With these severely reduced sentences, however,      we are sending a mixed message. Are police officers going to      be held responsible for excessive use of force or not?       We think what has been lost, in all this, is that police      officers have an enhanced responsibility to uphold the law.       Notwithstanding Judge Davies' authority to modify the      sentencing guidelines, most experts agreed that the minimum      four to seven years sentence should have been followed in      this case.       We realize that the trial judge is afforded sufficient      latitude in sentencing, but we urge the Department of Justice      to appeal these sentences. We need to reexamine these      sentences so that justice can finally be done in this      difficult, painful case. Only then can we begin to put this      behind us.  It is signed by a large number of good Members of Congress.  What we have proposed is that there should be de novo review. We set a standard that is not an easy standard to overcome. We have shown that we have an outrageous situation in this country where a number of judges have been giving extra downward departures far in excess of what anybody in their right mind would think they should do.  This is happening in criminal cases where children are victims, and we are trying to stop that because we think there has to be responsibility here. We believe that in these child molestation cases, pornography cases, prostitution cases, child rape cases, and kidnaping cases the sentencing guidelines ought to be followed.  Nothing says these judges cannot follow the downward departure guidelines if they so choose in their discretion as the trial judges, but they can no longer conjure up reasons outside the guidelines to reduce criminals' sentences.  Basically, that is what the conference report says. I would think everyone in this body would vote for this conference report. I think it does it right and does what we said it would do in the conference, and it does what a bipartisan majority in the House and the Senate said it should do. Frankly, I believe that is right.  