President, at about 3:15 we will have a chance to vote on an amendment. It is an important amendment to the prescription drug plan, an amendment offered by my colleague and friend Senator Stabenow of Michigan, who has been our leader in the Democratic caucus on the prescription drug issue. There is no one who has put more time in it. Senator Stabenow is going to give the Senate a very basic choice to make.  Under the Grassley-Baucus bill, a senior citizen, once this goes in effect after the Presidential election, will take a look at the area they live in and if they can find two private providers for prescription drugs, they have to choose between the two of them. If they can't find two that will provide that protection, that service, then there will be a Medicare plan known as a fallback plan which the senior can turn to, but it is not a plan that will be administered by Medicare. It is a plan that will be administered by a private provider under Medicare. So no matter where you turn as a senior under this plan, you are always going to find a private provider, a private insurance company.  The Republicans, many who support the bill, argue that is real competition. Senator Stabenow takes it to another level and says, if you want real competition, one of the options that should always be available to the senior is to go to a prescription drug plan administered by Medicare itself.  Why would you want a Federal agency to administer this plan? I will give you two reasons. First, there is no profit motive. Medicare is basically going to be involved in this to try to providethe service, and we know that the services they provide are at a lower administrative cost than any private insurance company. No. 2--and this is where the rubber meets the road--Medicare can say to the drug companies, we want you to be part of the Medicare alternative; therefore, tell us what you will do to contain the cost of your prescription drugs. So they have bargaining power on behalf of seniors to reduce the overall cost of drugs that are offered to seniors, a win/win situation.  Does it work? Go to the Veterans' Administration hospitals. Look what they have accomplished. They said to the drug companies, you want to sell drugs to veterans, great. But tell us the best price you will give us, and the best price offered at veterans' hospitals to the men and women in uniform is 40 to 50 percent below what seniors are paying over the counter for their prescription drugs across America today. So if you go to the Stabenow alternative, a Medicare-administered plan, no profit motive, low administrative cost and a formulary, a group of drugs that has been discounted for seniors, it is an absolute win situation for seniors and for the Government and for the cost of the program.  Those who are arguing for competition on the other side say, just let these private providers get at it. Boy, they will really show you how they can bring prices down. They live in fear that if Medicare is involved in it, Medicare will show them how prices can really come down. That is what this is all about.  I hear these arguments on the floor from people who I respect saying the Stabenow amendment is going to limit choices. The heck it will. The Stabenow amendment gives to seniors the real choice, the Medicare choice, the choice that they want.  I would like to ask the Senator from Michigan if she will respond to a question. She has a chart that shows the interests of senior citizens on this issue. If this is any indication, how would the senior citizens vote on the Stabenow amendment?  