President, we are in the midst of debating a historic measure on the floor of the Senate; that is, the prescription drug bill. This is an issue which Americans understand. Seniors on fixed incomes understand how difficult it is to fill those prescription drugs to stay healthy.  For 8 or 10 years, we have been struggling to find some way to give them a helping hand to pay for their prescription drugs. There have been a lot of different proposals. Some people said the way to do it is to eliminate Medicare altogether. Others have said the best thing to do is put it, as appropriate, in Medicare.  What we have coming before us from the Senate Finance Committee by Senators Grassley and Baucus is an effort to create a prescription drug benefit for seniors. To my mind, it falls short of what we need.  Isn't it interesting that in the course of this debate about this new bill there is one group which we have not heard from? Why is it the pharmaceutical companies and drug companies haven't said a word about the new prescription drug bill? I think the answer is obvious. Because this new prescription drug bill offered by Senators Grassley and Baucus has no effort in it--none whatsoever, as far as I am concerned--to keep drug prices under control.  If you ask any family in America, or any senior, they will tell you the cost of prescription drugs has increased 10 to 20 percent a year. If you are a drug company, and the Federal Government says it is going to help your customers pay for the drugs, but they don't have to control your prices at all, you don't have to keep them under control, then, frankly, that is the best outcome you could hope for. You can continue to increase prices and know the Federal Government is going to pick up a portion of the tab.  Of course, if you are a customer buying prescription drugs, it is going to be an elusive target. Even though the Federal Government is offering you some help in paying for prescription drugs, if you do not do anything to contain the cost of prescription drugs, then ultimately it is going to go far beyond the family resources.  I stepped back and asked, Is there a better way to approach this? One that achieves the result, which is to help seniors pay for prescription drugs, and does it in a sensible way? I sat down and said: Take the $400 billion we allocated for this program and put into it some price competition. For example, in the Veterans' Administration we have established a formulary where they have said for 2,300 drugs, we will save 40 percent to 60 percent of the cost. If the drug company wants to do business with the Veterans' Administration, they have to bring down the prices. Let us apply the same principle to our use of the Medicare recipients and their drug prices.  I brought into question having this kind of formulary to reduce the cost. Then I brought in a proposal by Senators Schumer and Gregg that says let us encourage more generic drugs which are cheaper and just as effective. And then I added an element, which the Senator from Michigan, who is on the floor, has been pushing for and will offer as an amendment.  Why wouldn't we let the Medicare Program itself offer a prescription drug benefit? We know they have no profit margin. We know their cost of administration is lower than any drug company. So put those three things together, take the $400 billion, and what can you achieve?  Let me tell you what you can achieve. You can guarantee--guarantee; which this bill does not do--a $35 monthly premium for the seniors who volunteer to sign up for the program. You can eliminate the $275 deductible, which is part of the bill that is on the floor. And instead of a 50/50 split on the cost of prescription drugs, you can move to a 70-percent Government pay, 30 percent being paid by the seniors, and you can give full coverage. You do not have the gaps in coverage that are part of the existing bill on the floor.  How do you achieve this? Because, frankly, you keep the costs under control. You have generic drugs as part of it. You have Medicare as part of the competition. And what period of time would the $400 billion cover? We are waiting for an official CBO number, but we believe it would be a 5-year period. Then, at the end of 5 years, you can reauthorize the program, decide whether it has worked or whether it has not worked.  I think this approach, which we call Medisave, is much more preferable to the Grassley-Baucus bill because it does say to seniors: We are going to give you a better helping hand, 70 percent being paid by the Federal Government, no deductible, and a guaranteed $35 monthly premium. And the way we will achieve it is by reducing the cost of the drugs, as we do in the Veterans' Administration today. I think that is a sensible way to approach it.  To take the Grassley-Baucus approach is to open up the possibility that the drug costs will just continue to skyrocket 10 and 20 percent a year. And in that situation, the seniors will not be able to keep up with them.  The Senator from New Hampshire was kind enough to yield to me until 10:10. I see my friend, the Senator from Michigan, has come to the floor. If the Senator from New Hampshire would not mind, I will yield the remaining time I have until 10:10 to my colleague from Michigan.  