 Let me say another word about this MTBE. In these lawsuits that have been filed, it has been shown that these oil companies knew what they were getting into. You would think at some point in time they would have at the Federal level banned MTBE perhaps long ago. It took State leadership for this to happen. In California, Colorado, Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, New York, Ohio, South Dakota, and the State of Washington, they took the initiative, when the Federal Governmentdidn't move quickly, to ban MTBE. They know what it is all about, and they understand the damage that has been done to their communities.  In the State of New York, in Liberty, after fighting for 11 years because they found MTBE in their local well water, they finally got the State to move forward to establish new standards for public water supplies after a lot of families there had serious health problems. That is just a story that is going to be repeated all over, not just in New York.  In New Hampshire last spring, they filed a string of lawsuits against 22 oil companies. If these lawsuits are being brought on product liability theories--the ones that are the most successful--they will be thrown out by this legislation. These lawsuits will be eliminated. The businesses, the families, the individuals who have been damaged by this deadly additive are going to lose their day in court because we are going to mandate it in this legislation.  How does this enhance the energy security of America? It certainly adds to the bottom line of profitability of the oil companies which would be held responsible for their misconduct, I will agree with that. But is it just? Is it fair? Is it something we should be doing, giving blanket immunity to companies that, by their wrongdoing, endanger the health of families and individuals across America?  In the State of New Hampshire, the State sued 22 major oil companies on October 6 because of MTBE. According to Governor Craig Benson, they claim the oil companies have added increasing amounts of MTBE to the gasoline, even though they knew years ago it would contaminate water supplies.  The General Accounting Office told Congress what this was all about. In the year 2002, John Stevenson, Director of GAO's Natural Resources and Environmental Division, testified before a House subcommittee and said that MTBE created health risks which he described as follows:       Such health risks can range from nausea to kidney or liver      damage or even cancer.  He pointed out that a school in Roselawn, IN, discovered students had been drinking water with nearly 10 times the Federal recommended level of MTBE. Officials are trying to determine if the additive came from a nearby tank and whether it is causing the students to have an inordinate number of nosebleeds. These are real health issues, real health problems.  Mr. President, ``60 Minutes'' on January 16, 2000, brought the MTBE issue to the attention of America. They noted at the time there was contamination in some 49 States--as I said earlier, about 35 that we can directly link MTBE to contamination of water supplies. They estimate that MTBE is a contaminate in 35 percent of the Nation's urban wells. A single cupful of MTBE in a 5 million gallon reservoir is sufficient to render the water in that reservoir undrinkable.  In 1995, an Italian study on the effects of MTBE showed high doses of this chemical caused three types of cancer: lymphoma, leukemia, and testicular cancer. We are saying to those hapless innocent victims of MTBE contamination of their water supply that we are closing the courthouse door for their recovery in product liability suits. How in the world can we do this in good conscience? How can we turn our back on these innocent victims across America, these communities forced to pay millions of dollars for the wrongdoing of oil companies, and give them this sort of special giveaway and special break?  I, frankly, don't understand how we can. I don't understand how what started out to be an Energy bill has become something much different. I don't know how a bill which was supposed to give us energy security could be so damaging to our environment in so many specific ways. I don't know how a bill that was supposed to be giving Americans peace of mind about their energy future instead in community after community and in State after State is going to close the courthouse doors to holding oil companies accountable for their misconduct.  This is the worst. This retires the trophy in the Moonlight Mackerel Award. I cannot recall a time when we have gone this far, and that is saying something. There is a way out of our embarrassment, and it is a way I would encourage colleagues on both sides of the aisle to take very seriously. We will have an opportunity on a cloture motion soon to decide whether this bill goes forward. If we can gather 41 Senators to oppose it from going forward, then the bill will stop and be returned to conference or perhaps back to committee for further consideration.  I think that is the way it should be, and the sooner we do that the better. If enough of my Republican colleagues will step forward with Democratic colleagues, we can make that difference.  In case you think this is a partisan issue, the Wall Street Journal, which is not known to be friendly to many Democrats, including this one, went after this bill and criticized it on Tuesday, November 18, calling this Energy bill one of the great logrolling exercises in recent congressional history. In the words of the Wall Street Journal:       The Republican leadership has greased more wheels than a      NASCAR pit crew.  They go on to say:       The bill's total price tag of new outlays is a tidy $72      billion according to Taxpayers for Common Sense. That's not      counting $23 billion in tax giveaways to nuclear, oil, gas,      and coal concerns all over the country, 3 times more than the      President said he would accept.  The Washington Post, November 18:     . . . producers of MTBE, another gasoline additive that is      believed to pollute drinking water, have not only been      exempted from product liability, they also have been      retroactively exempted, a change that cancels out lawsuits .      . .  Across America.  They go on to say:       This bill does not, for example, provide a clear direction      for the development of the electricity grid . . . it does not      encourage the U.S. car industry to manufacture vehicles that      consume less fuel . . . and it does not significantly      encourage energy conservation.  The New York Times says this bill is:     . . . hardly surprising in a bill that had its genesis partly      in Vice President Dick Cheney's secret task force.  It creates:     . . . exemptions for the Clean Water Act, protection against      lawsuits for fouling underground water and an accelerated      process for leasing and drilling in sensitive areas at the      expense of environmental reviews and public participation.  The list goes on. The Anchorage Alaska newspaper calls the Energy bill a setback.  The Atlanta Journal Constitution, quoting Keith Ashdown of Taxpayers for Common Sense, says:       [T]he legislation is ``a smorgasbord of subsidies to big      companies masquerading as energy policy.''  The Atlanta Journal Constitution concludes in its editorial:       This bill is about as bad as it gets. When it comes up for      a vote, members of Congress who remain committed to more      rational energy policy for America and still believe in the      dignity of the legislative body in which they serve shouldn't      hesitate to reject it.  The Chicago Tribune, from my home State, said the Democrats were virtually locked out of the final negotiations and we were given some 48 hours to digest and evaluate this lengthy bill.  The Patriot News in Harrisburg, PA, says:       The energy issue is an upside-down world for sure when they      look at this bill.  They say there is no more blatant example than the 100-percent tax credit available to business owners who purchase gas guzzling Hummers and more than 30 other models of large SUVs. The tax credit was enacted as part of the President's economic stimulus package and was intended to help farmers and other small business, but the tax break is so attractive it has caused a run on vehicles that average 9 to 15 miles per gallon.  We are going to have energy security and energy independence with a tax policy that encourages the purchase of these gas guzzlers?  They go on to say that hybrid cars which offer 50 to 60 miles a gallon are subject to a $2,000 tax deduction, and that is in the process of being phased out. The list goes on and on of editorial comments across America.  I hope we can return to this bill and do it in a sensible fashion. I hope we can put conservation and energy efficiency at the forefront as we discuss energy security. Though there are many good things in this bill, the good things are outweighed by the negatives.  This exemption from MTBE liability is the absolute worst. To say to thesefamilies, these individuals, and these communities that we are going to lock the courthouse door to them no matter what damage they have sustained is a new low.  I yield the floor.  