President, the amendment which I am offering, with Senator Kennedy now having joined forces with me as well as Senator Edwards and others in support, is an effort to provide money for teacher quality in the No Child Left Behind Act; that is; to fund the Federal mandate.  This bill cuts teacher quality grants by $84 million, eliminating training for 20,000 teachers nationwide. The No Child Left Behind Act raises the standard for students and requires school districts to close the achievement gap between minority and nonminority students. It also raises standards for teachers, mandating that all teachers are highly qualified by the end of the 2005-2006 school year.  Research shows that teacher effectiveness is the single most important factor that influences student achievement. It is more important than the income of the student's family, for cumulative expenditures or any other investment in the classroom.  Students assigned to high-quality teachers can gain a full grade level of achievement of students over students in ineffective classes. Nine out of 10 Americans believe that improving teaching is the most important strategy for improving schools. Recent research links student learning to having licensed teachers.  Researchers in Arizona State found that students with certified teachers perform 20 percent better than assessments of those with noncertified.  A study at Stanford found that States such as North Carolina, Minnesota, Iowa, North Dakota, Wisconsin, and Maine that have complement student achievement standards and investment in teacher quality have higher achievement in reading and math.  The list goes on and on.  What we are saying with this amendment is that we need to find the resources that we promised under the No Child Left Behind Act.  This amendment is going to provide greater teacher quality and training that will help these students across America reach their potential because they have competent and qualified teachers in the classroom.  I hope my colleagues here who have had second thoughts about whether they want to fund the No Child Left Behind Act will not have second thoughts when it comes to teacher quality. Let us provide the resources that are necessary to make the No Child Left Behind Act work and allow teachers to have the competence in the classroom to succeed.  I withhold the remainder of my time and yield to the Senator from Pennsylvania.  