Things have changed. The Senator from Nevada, in all fairness, should understand when Republicans stood on the floor of the Senate and the House and railed against deficits, it was before we came into this new era where deficits don't count. We are now in a new era where the debt we are leaving our children is not important. What is important is giving tax breaks to the elite in America.  The Senator, once he comes to grips with this, once he comes to understand this, will really understand the Bush economic policy. But I say to the Senator, he is in good company because I struggle with this concept, and the majority of the American people do. This just does not compute and it does not work.  For the President and his supporters to stand before us and say this Bush tax plan is going to increase jobs--take a look at the job growth we have seen in the last few years. Take a look, starting with President Truman, at all the job growth, and then take a look at what has happened when we get to President George W. Bush.  The President told us, 2 years ago: If you will just let me cut taxes on the wealthy, America is going to have more jobs.  Well, we have lost 2 million jobs. Sorry, Mr. President, you missed it by a mile.  Now he says, this time around, the best thing for us to do is more of the same. I can tell you that more of the same is not good for America. Take a look at those who are facing long-term unemployment: 6 percent. It is back to the highest rate--President Bush has not matched his father's 7.5-percent unemployment rate, but he is creeping up there. It is higher and higher each year. That does not say much for his economic plan.  I think America gets it. The President, as Commander in Chief, is sounding retreat when it comes to the economy of America. He is walking away from the greatest challenge our families face today. It is not just the threat of terrorism; it is the threat of economic insecurity.  Let me be specific. The Republican plan does not address, does not spend one dollar, does not even concern itself with an overwhelming issue I find from businesses across Illinois: the cost of health insurance. Go to any business--large or small--and ask them what they are facing. Ask them what the premiums are. They are going to tell you that the health premiums are killing them, killing their competitiveness, killing their ability to offer health insurance protection to their employees. Many of them are facing absolutely awful choices they have to make.  Not one penny, not one word, not one provision in the Bush plan for businesses deals with health insurance, but the Democratic plan does. The Democratic plan provides that we are going to increase the tax credit, a small business tax credit for those offering insurance for their employees.  I will tell you, I will take that to any chamber of commerce, any meeting ofthe National Federation of Independent Businesses--you pick it--and let them decide which is better for the future of their business, a tax credit for health insurance or reducing the tax rate on the wealthiest people in America. I will take that referendum and I will go to the bank on that one. I know what the outcome is going to be.  What we believe is that there should be a tax cut, if there is going to be one, for every American taxpayer, particularly for those in lower income categories. We should accelerate the child tax credit to $800, even higher than the Republicans have proposed. We should eliminate the marriage penalty. We should have a small business health tax credit. We should triple the amount that small businesses can expense. We should encourage business investment. We should make certain that we limit the amount of this tax cut to what we can afford; otherwise, we are digging ourselves deeper and deeper and deeper in this deficit hole.  The Republicans who push this tax plan have to face stubborn facts, and facts can be stubborn. The last time they got a tax cut through, the American economy fell backward. We did not make progress. We lost jobs. We lost opportunity. We lost a lot of hope in this country.  We need to move forward. We can do it with a sensible tax plan, one that does not reward the elite but rewards working Americans across the board.  I yield the floor.  