President, this is an important debate. I acknowledge my colleague, friend, and chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Senator Hatch, who has argued very vigorously day after day in support of the Miguel Estrada nomination.  For those who wonder why the Senate would be taking up time to discuss one man's nomination to one court, this debate goes to the heart of a very basic issue. The issue is the constitutional responsibility of the Senate. After most of us who serve in the Senate are long gone and forgotten, some will harken back to this debate and make reference to it to determine whether at this moment in history the Senate stood up for its constitutional authority and responsibility.  That constitutional authority and responsibility is found in article II, section 2, of the U.S. Constitution, which says that the Senate shall have the power to advise and consent to the nominees of the President to the courts of our land. That is an important responsibility from the very beginning of this Republic.  There are those in the President's party who might like to change the Constitution when it comes to President Bush's nominees, to take out the word ``advise'' and basically say ``consent''--just move on with it. If they could, we would move from a Senate to a rubber stamp. That is the choice: The Constitution or a rubber stamp.  I hope the Senate never reaches the point where we do not stop to ask important questions of nominees who are seeking a lifetime appointment to the Federal bench--no review by voters, no review by Congress. The judge is there for life, and, subject to malfeasance or the commission of a crime, they will stay in that position until they die or quit. That is what is at stake.  Miguel Estrada was nominated by President Bush to serve on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, a lifetime appointment to the second highest court of the land. This is an important nominee, important because we know that when it comes to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, it is the AAA team for the Supreme Court. The White House has made it clear that Miguel Estrada may be in line to move up to the major leagues. So Miguel Estrada is not just another judicial nominee.  If we look at him--and I have had a chance to sit down and talk to him--what a compelling life story he tells. Senator Hatch has recounted it, as others have. His legal credentials areimpressive, but his views are so suspect that he has consistently refused to say publicly what he believes.  I believe the decision of the Bush administration to affirmatively act to put a Hispanic nominee on the Federal bench is the right thing. A few weeks ago, President Bush said he was not in favor of affirmative action. With the nomination of Miguel Estrada, the White House is affirmatively acting to put a Hispanic on the bench. I support it. I salute it. It is the right thing to do. I have been honored to appoint a Hispanic to the district court in Chicago. I think it is important that that court reflect the diversity of my city, my State, and our Nation. The same thing is true on this court.  We have the question being raised by the Senator from Utah as to whether or not Miguel Estrada, during the course of his nomination hearing, should be asked questions about his views on the Constitution. Excuse me, but if this Senate decides that we cannot ask a nominee to the Federal court a question as basic as his views on our Constitution, then we have been transformed into a rubber stamp: Take it or leave it. The President sent the nominee. Vote for him or else.  A lot has been said of the quote from Lloyd Cutler, a man who is well respected, about whether or not a nominee should be asked how he would rule in a particular case. Lloyd Cutler is right. If one of the nominees came before us and we would ask that nominee, there is a case pending in the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, tell us how you would rule on that case if you sat on the bench, that is just plain wrong. We cannot do that. But it is not unfair to ask of a nominee his or her views on constitutional issues.  It is interesting to me that Senator Hatch would raise this point because only a week ago, three circuit court nominees, nominated by President Bush, came before the Judiciary Committee and we spent the better part of a day or more asking them probing questions about their views on constitutional issues. To their credit, they were forthcoming, honest, and candid in all of their answers. I did not agree with some of their points of view, but that is not what this is all about. They do not have to say what I need to hear.  I have voted over 100 times now for President Bush's nominees, many of whom I disagree with on constitutional issues and policy issues, but that is not what it is about. If they strike me as people who are moderate, honest, skilled, with good temperament, I am going to vote to put them on the bench, even if I do not agree with their political view. I think that is what the process should be.  When it comes to Miguel Estrada, when we asked him the most generic questions to open up and tell us his thinking about constitutional legal issues, he fended us off; he refused.  Justice Antonin Scalia on the U.S. Supreme Court was picked by President Bush as one of his favorite Justices. He likes his conservative bent. He may like him personally. Whatever reason, then-candidate Bush said Antonin Scalia was his kind of Supreme Court Justice. Do my colleagues know what Justice Antonin Scalia said about questions of judicial candidates regarding their political views? In the case of Republican Party of Minnesota v. White, in an opinion written by Justice Scalia which overruled restrictions against candidates for elective judicial office from indicating how they would rule on legal issues while campaigning, Justice Scalia said:       Even if it were possible to select judges who do not have      preconceived views on legal issues, it would hardly be      desirable to do so. Proof that a Justice's mind at the time      he joined the Court was complete tabula rasa in the area of      constitutional adjudication would be evidence of lack of      qualification, not lack of bias. And since avoiding judicial      preconceptions on legal issues is neither possible nor      desirable, pretending otherwise by attempting to preserve the      appearance of that type of impartiality can hardly be a      compelling state interest, either.  Did you note the words of Justice Antonin Scalia, the favorite of President Bush and many of my Republican colleagues on the floor?       Proof that a Justice's mind at the time he joined the Court      was a complete tabula rasa in the area of constitutional      adjudication would be evidence of lack of qualification, not      lack of bias.  Going back to Latin courses I took too many years ago to recount in this speech, tabula rasa is a blank slate. What the Justice has said in this opinion is, when nominees come before you saying they never thought about a certain issue, never reflected on a constitutional position, don't have an opinion to share with you, that's not evidence of lack of bias, that's evidence of lack of qualification. And that is what this debate is all about.  There is no doubt in my mind Miguel Estrada has his own point of view, understands constitutional issues, and would express it. But he has been carefully coached and managed by the Department of Justice and the White House to come before the Senate Judiciary Committee and, frankly, deny any opinion on any constitutional issue.  My colleague, Senator Schumer, asked him to just point out a Supreme Court case he disagreed with.  No, he said, if I didn't hear the arguments and I didn't read the briefs, I am not going to do it.  We asked him not only in the hearings but in written questions I sent to him afterwards, what is your view on Roe v. Wade, the landmark decision related to abortion in America.  Again he said, Well, since I didn't hear the arguments and I wasn't there, I am just not going to say what I understand when it comes to Roe v. Wade.  What a sharp contrast to John Ashcroft, the new Attorney General under President Bush who, when asked the same question in his confirmation hearing, said he would view that as established law and, unless it were overturned by the Supreme Court, would enforce it. Miguel Estrada would not even go that far.  I asked him as well to give the name of a judge, living or dead, whom you would emulate on the bench--a wide open, softball question. He could have picked the most conservative judge in history and the most liberal judge and said both of them brought the following qualities to the court and I hope to follow those qualities. He had been so carefully prepared, so cautioned by the Department of Justice, he wouldn't even go that far to suggest there was a Supreme Court Justice or a living judge, or one who has passed away, he would seek to emulate.  So what does that mean? Here is a man who will not tell us the most basic information about his views on the Constitution, on judicial philosophy, general questions you would ask of any nominee. And the Republican majority comes and tells us approve him anyway. Give him that lifetime appointment.  Roll the dice. Gamble he is going to be the right person. The Republican majority says to the Senate: Be a rubberstamp. Don't ask these questions. Now you are getting into ``advice.'' That is what the Constitution says, ``advice and consent.''  Let me point out some things that ought to be part of the record. I am proud to have named a Puerto Rican judge to the district court in Chicago. During President Clinton's tenure, 10 of his more than 30 Hispanic nominees were delayed or blocked from receiving hearings or votes by the Republican Senate Judiciary Committee, chaired by the Senator from Utah; 10 out of 30 Hispanic nominees.  