Their passion for justice did not apply to 63 nominees who were not given a chance to come to the Senate floor. Their passion for judges did not apply to those men and women whose lives were changed forever. But when it comes to these four, we take up the time of the Senate, take up the money of the taxpayers to divert us from issues that people really care about. It tells us what it is all about.  When the Senators from Kansas and Pennsylvania come to the floor and say, We want judges who don't discover the right of privacy in the Constitution, is that a conservative value, is that a family value--to reject the right of privacy? That is what they said, and I don't get it. If that is what they are for, they are clearly out of the mainstream, and we ought to take a closer look at every job.  I even think Robert Bork, when he was trying to get on the Supreme Court, said he agreed with Griswold v. Connecticut, a right to privacy case. What we heard this morning from the most extreme members of the Republican caucus is they will not even acknowledge a right of privacy for individuals and families across America. That is a sad outcome and one I think, frankly, should be challenged because if that is really the standard we are going to play to, I am going to look a lot harder on the Senate Judiciary Committee to make sure we don't have nominees given lifetime appointments to the bench who would have our Government raiding the bedrooms and private lives of Americans. That is what it is all about. It should not be allowable.  I see the majority leader on the floor and I respect him very much, but this is wrong. What we are doing is wrong. This made-for-TV filibuster over 4 judges after the President had 168 approved--why aren't we talking about issues people really care about, such as the cost of health care, the loss of jobs, the poor soldiers coming back injured who need help in veterans hospitals?  The Presiding Officer is chairman of the Veterans' Administration and HUD subcommittee on the Appropriations Committee. We had to pull his bill from the floor the other day. We did not have time to finish the bill, the 2 hours it would take to finish that bill--$62 billion, if I am not mistaken, or $68 billion for the Veterans' Administration--because we had to hurry on to this made-for-TV filibuster. That is sad. We should do the people's business. We should focus on things that Americans really care about.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Coleman). The Senator from Pennsylvania.  