President, in his State of the Union message in January of this year, the President discussed the threat posed by Iraq's nuclear weapons development program. The President went on to make the following statement: ``The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa.''  After numerous concerns being raised about the veracity of this last statement, the administration has recentlyacknowledged that the President should not have made this claim. In a statement authorized by the White House, a senior Bush administration official said on Monday, July 7: ``Knowing all that we know now, the reference to Iraq's attempt to acquire uranium from Africa should not have been included in the State of the Union speech.''  In May of this year, Chairman Pat Roberts and Vice Chairman Jay Rockefeller of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence requested that the Inspectors General of the Department of State and the Central Intelligence Agency work jointly to investigate the handling and characterization of the underlying documents behind the President's statement.  I would note that earlier this year, the International Atomic Energy Agency, IAEA, determined that some of the intelligence documents provided to it by the United States are forgeries. These documents were provided to the IAEA as evidence of Iraqi efforts to procure uranium from the Republic of Niger. In March of this year, Senator Rockefeller requested that the FBI investigate this issue as well.  I want to thank the bill managers for accepting the amendment I planned to offer today a ``Sense of the Congress'' amendment to the State Authorization Bill which, 1, expresses support for the thorough and expeditious joint investigation into this matter by the Inspectors General of the Department of State and the CIA; 2, that the findings and conclusions of this joint investigation should be completed by September 12, 2003; and, 3, that the findings and conclusions of this joint investigation should be unclassified to the fullest extent possible, consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods.  I am a member of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence which is conducting a review of pre-war intelligence on the existence of, and the threat posed by, Iraq's weapons of mass destruction, WMD, as well as other matters related to pre-war intelligence reporting related to Iraq.  The reported existence of Iraq's WMD and support for international terrorism, al-Qaida in particular, were the primary justifications put forward for military action against Iraq by the Bush Administration to the Congress, the American public and the international community.  There is no more serious undertaking for our government than to take our Nation to war. Such a momentous decision must be made on the basis of the best intelligence available--and intelligence analysis must be objective and not influenced by policymakers or other outside pressures.  As this issue demonstrates, the administration's intelligence-derived assertions about Iraq's level of WMD-related activity raises increased concerns about the integrity of the U.S. intelligence community and the credibility of the U.S. Government--both here and around the world. These concerns are all the more troubling because of the administration's new national strategy of military pre-emption--which places a premium on timely, accurate and non-political intelligence assessments of the threats to our country.  