President, if one takes a walk through this Capitol building, a few feet from where we are standing is the old Senate Chamber. If one reads the history of the Senate, they will find that in the 19th century, in the 1800s, that Chamber was divided over the issue of slavery to the point where one Senator was almost beaten to death on the floor of the Senate.  It is hard to think of issues in America that divide us the way slavery divided us then and the issue of abortion divides us today. There is such strong emotional, honest, and heartfelt feeling that comes into this issue on both sides.  I greatly respect the Senator from Pennsylvania, even though I may disagree with him on this issue. I believe he is speaking from the heart. I equally respect the Senator from California, who is on the opposite side of the issue. I have known her for 20 years. I know she speaks from the heart.  So many of us come to this issue understanding that if we walked into a town meeting in my home State of Illinois and brought up the issue of abortion, we would see people folding their arms and would know what they are thinking. Some of them are thinking: I do not like it; I do not want you to talk about it; I do not know why it is legal in this country, and we are a worse nation for having it. With their arms folded, you just know what they are thinking.  Then we will see another group with their arms folded and we will know what they are thinking: I do not thinkthe Government ought to stick its nose in a woman's business when her health and her life are at stake. She, her doctor, her family, and her God ought to make that decision, not some politician. That is what we are going to get in most town meetings in most townhalls across America. But there is a group of people in the middle who are sitting there saying: I see both sides. I do not like the fact there are so many abortions in America. I do not like the fact you have circumstances where people need an abortion. We ought to find some way to work this out reasonably.  That is what the Supreme Court tried to do in the Roe v. Wade decision. They said: We are not going to allow abortions any time, anyplace, under all circumstances. We are going to kind of limit when a woman can have it, and under what circumstances.  Then the national debate started, and it has not ended. I do not know if it ever will. So I come today understanding that division in America, that division in my State, even that division of opinion within my own family. I understand this, I feel it, and I am trying with this amendment to strike a reasonable compromise.  Oh, the people with their arms folded on both sides of the hall will not like it. It does not ban abortion, which is what some people want. And it does not get the Government out of the picture completely, which is what others want. Instead, it tries to draw a reasonable, sensible line, a good-faith line, of where we will allow abortions in late-term pregnancies.  When we look at the sponsors of this amendment, unlike any other amendment on this subject, we will find we have the spectrum of opinion on abortion. Watch the rollcall vote. We are going to see Senators come forward who are pro-life and pro-choice who will support the Durbin amendment, and that says something, that when they have thought about it, maybe this is a reasonable middle ground.  I hope a majority of my colleagues will believe that it is. It says: Late in the pregnancy, after the fetus within the mother is viable and could survive, we are not going to allow you to terminate that pregnancy except under the most extreme situations.  The Senator from Pennsylvania says: What is viability? How do we know the fetus is viable? I cannot answer that question. No legislator can answer that question. The Supreme Court, in the case of Planned Parenthood of Central Missouri v. Danforth, said the determination of whether a particular fetus is viable is and must be a matter for the judgment of the responsible attending physician. They went on to say the time of viability is different in every pregnancy.  So I am using a standard the Supreme Court uses. The doctor has to decide: Have you reached a point where that fetus is more likely than not to survive outside the womb? If the answer is yes, then a woman knows she is very late in a pregnancy. Then, and only then, do two hard questions have to be asked before a pregnancy can be terminated. One, if that pregnancy is continued, will the mother die? If the answer is yes, certified not by one doctor but by two doctors, one being an independent doctor, that she is going to lose her life if she continues the pregnancy, then a consideration can be given to terminating the pregnancy, or one other possibility: If two doctors come forward, one independent as well as the one treating, and they conclude if the mother continues this pregnancy, at this point she runs the risk of suffering grievous physical injury. Those are the only two conditions, and that is it. Not if a woman feels like she wants to end the pregnancy. I cannot imagine a woman in that stage of her pregnancy even considering that possibility.  It goes beyond that. It goes to tangible, physical medical evidence, backed up by real doctors who are willing to certify. And this second doctor who has been written off by the critics of this amendment as just another ``abortionist,'' that is not what it says at all. The second doctor's opinion has to be an independent physician who will not perform nor be present at the abortion and who was not previously involved in the treatment of the mother. If one does not have that second doctor agreeing with the first doctor, the pregnancy cannot be terminated.  What is the risk for the doctor if they falsify it, if they lie about it, if they say, oh, we want to make a dollar here, so we are just going to put the certification down? If they lie about it, they run the risk of having their medical licenses suspended, on the second occasion revoked, facing fines up to $250,000. Is that a light penalty, that a doctor would lose his license for a lifetime? That is a pretty serious penalty. Would not any doctor think twice before conspiring to go ahead and certify it when, in fact, there is not medical evidence?  The Senator from Pennsylvania says we want abortions to be rare, but we do not do anything about it. The Durbin amendment will restrict more abortions and abortion procedures than the Santorum bill, S. 3.  Mr. Santorum's bill addresses one procedure, the partial-birth procedure, throughout a woman's pregnancy. My amendment addresses all late-term abortions, whatever the procedure.  Finally, when it comes to risk, he takes exception to the fact that I use the words ``risk of grievous physical injury.''  