President, I thank the Democratic leader for his comments and for his leadership on this issue. I think he has shown a good-faith effort in the past to deal with issues and with the complexity of terrorism insurance. And that opportunity is still here today.  This week in Washington, many representatives of the medical profession will come to visit us and talk about the seriousness of this issue. They don't need to convince me; I am convinced.  The question is, How do we resolve it fairly and not just for doctors but for the victims of medical malpractice. We can do this. But I don't believe S. 11 is the way to approach it.  If we are going to allow this to disintegrate into a political face-off between the White House and the trial lawyers of America, perhaps when it is all over someone will have bragging rights for a 30-second ad. It will not help the doctor with whom I met who is serving Primbrook Township, south of the city of Chicago about an hour-and-a-half drive. You will find some of the poorest rural towns in America in Primbrook Township. This doctor is literally giving his life to the poor who need medical care. He said to me 2 weeks ago in Washington: Senator, I am here to receive this Jefferson Award, and I am proud of it, but I need help with malpractice insurance. I want to help him.  Limiting the recovery by malpractice victims may ultimately give someone some satisfaction that they have scored a political victory over the trial bar, or perhaps their limitation of victims' recovery will give them some satisfaction, but it is not going to help that doctor. It is not going to reduce his premiums. It is not going to give him an opportunity to continue his practice.  So I say to my friends in the medical profession--and this doctor is a good example--we honor and respect what you do. We need you. We need to work with you. Do not get so caught up in a political agenda involving the White House and the trial lawyers that you overlook the fact there are many people of good faith and good will who want to sit down and help.  We believe this can be done. It can be done in a way that is not going to deny the parents and the family of the small child, who, as I mentioned earlier, is going to live a lifetime of medical dependency because of medical malpractice. It is not going to be done in a way that is going to deny a woman who went in for simple cosmetic surgery and ended up with horrific burns on her face that required a dozen operations and years and years of suffering. That is not the way to resolve this.  Do this in a fair way for doctors; do it in a fair way for medical malpractice victims. Do not be afraid to call in the special interest group, the insurance companies, and tell them they have to be part of this conversation. We have the power in Congress to bring them in. We have the power to change the laws to make sure they treat doctors and hospitals fairly and to make certain the medical profession comes forward.  It is interesting to me that as I have discussed the issue of medical malpractice with doctors in my State and across the Nation, they have been of one mind and one voice and they have agreed: We need to do more to make certain we reduce the incidence of medical errors.  A doctor, who is a friend of mine, in Decatur, IL, also works on the board of a local hospital. He said he went to the hospital pharmacy where they literally write thousands of prescriptions each year for the patients who come through that hospital and they wanted to find out how many errors had been made in the prescriptions that had been written. They came up with a handful of examples. The doctor said to me: Senator, I know better, and you know better. We're not doing a good enough job here to make certain that mistakes are not made in the drugs that are prescribed and the prescriptions that are written.  We can do a better job--and we should--to have medical safety. Doctors want the best results. They do not want bad results. Certainly, the families and patients do not, either. We can work together to try to improve medical care in America in a professional way.  The bill I am going to introduce is going to allow for the transfer of information, data on medical safety, and the transfer of information without legal liability, so a doctor who would report an incident at a hospital that may lead to a change in a procedure or perhaps to a disciplining of a doctor is not going to be held legally responsible for having come forward with this information.  I think that is the only fair and honest way to deal with this issue. But if we are going to deal with it, let us look at each of those components: the medical profession, the insurance industry, as well as the legal profession.  What I do not want to see occur is what S. 11 really mandates; that is, instead of a jury of 12 in communities across America taking a look at each individual case to decide what a fair, reasonable verdict and outcome might be, we would have a jury of 100, 100 Senators, men and women elected here, who would sit in judgment of every single case in America involving medical malpractice.  We are not going to hear the story of the parents, who are going to come from that downstate community in Illinois, who took their little boy in with a high fever, who expected medical care--which each of us would expect as parents bringing in our baby with a fever to a clinic--and did not receive it because no temperature monitor was in place and, as a consequence, that little boy's high fever led to complications, quadriplegia, and the fact that he now has a lifetime of medical dependence on his parents. He will never enjoy the simple things in life which each of us takes for granted.  We are not going to hear that story in the Senate as a jury would hear in a courtroom. We will not hear the details of his life and what it means now: the pain and suffering he goes through every single day. No, we will not hear those facts. We will not make a decision based on the reality of the malpractice that this family and boy endured.  Instead, we will make a decision, under S. 11, that says $250,000 is the maximum amount that boy and his family will ever receive for the injuries which they have suffered when it comes to pain and suffering. That isn't fair. We should not stand as a jury and make that decision. We ought to trust a jury system that has been part of American justice for a long time, a system that we rely on every single day in thousands of courtrooms across America.  I think a sensible approach is to say that we do have a problem; we will work with the doctors; we will work with the insurance companies; and we will work with the legal profession to find a reasonable alternative to it. S. 11 is not that alternative.  If, in fact, the cloture motion is defeated tomorrow, which means we do not proceed to the bill, I make this offer, not only to the sponsors of that bill but to all who are interested in this issue, that I will personally engage myself in trying to find a reasonable, good-faith alternative that reduces malpractice rates, premium rates, particularly for those doctors who have no experience of wrongdoing--now, there are some doctors paying high rates who, frankly, have to pay them because they have been found guilty of malpractice--but for the innocent doctors, who have given their lives to medicine and who come forward every single day in a valiant effort to save and improve lives, I will stand on their side to make certain that they are treated reasonably and fairly.  Please do not turn to S. 11 as your only recourse because S. 11, being offered on the floor today, is one bill which is as unfair to malpractice victims as the insurance premiums are unfair to doctors in many places in America today. Let us work together--as we can; as we did under the terrorism insurance legislation--to find a reasonable alternative.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  