 The Senator from West Virginia, when he came to the floor, gave us an important message. He asked us to look at this very carefully. This, my friends and fellow colleagues, is a proposed law. It is huge. But that is not uncommon. And that should not be a reason to vote against it. The reason to vote against it is what is contained in this law, this proposal, this bill.  When we started this debate about prescription drugs for seniors, overwhelmingly the President, the Republicans, Democrats, all agreed on one thing: We needed to find a way to provide affordable prescription drugs for senior citizens. Medicare, as good as it is, provides good care through hospitals and doctors but not enough help when it comes to paying for prescription drugs. We understood that needed to be done.  The solution was obvious from the start. The solution to this challenge was to put under the Medicare Program a voluntary, comprehensive, and universal plan to pay for prescription drugs, to use the same successful model that has guided us for 40 years in keeping seniors healthy through good doctors and good hospitals, and also provide prescription drugs. We knew if we did that, it would work as Medicare has worked. The proof of Medicare's success is the fact that seniors are living longer, they are healthier, they are independent, and they are strong.  But there was a criticism of using this so-called Government approach. The criticism came from political extremes that argue that the Government shouldn't be involved, and also from the pharmaceutical industry which understood full well, if Medicare could bargain for seniors across America, Medicare could bring down the prices of prescription drugs just as the Canadian Government has brought down the price of those same drugs for its citizens.  The pharmaceutical companies lived in dread that Medicare would be able to have cost control and competition and bring down the price of drugs.  So we started on this convoluted path to find an alternative. The first suggestion was, why not let private insurance companies provide this prescription care benefit? Let them compete. There is nothing wrong with that from this Senator's point of view. If private companies want to offer prescription drug benefits and compete with Medicare, so be it. Let's see what happens. Let's see if that competition will also help seniors.  But they said, wait a minute, we are not wanting these private companies to compete with Medicare. We want Medicare out of the business of competition completely. That was the starting point for the Republican approach to prescription drugs. Of course, the pharmaceutical companies applauded this because if they do not have to answer to Medicare with 40 million Americans under its protection but, rather, to smaller companies, they have more bargaining power. So we went through this long exercise in the Senate about this proposition that private insurance companies would somehow provide prescription drug benefits to seniors.  I offered an amendment on the floor, supported by most of my colleagues who are here today, that said: Give Medicare a chance to compete. We did not prevail. In fact, we did not get any votes from the other side of the aisle. The Republican approach to this from the start was to say they believed in Medicare, but then to turn their backs on Medicare when it came to prescription drug benefits.  Well, eventually we were faced with the prospect, in the Senate bill, of either accepting their approach, and moving toward prescription drugs for seniors, and passing it out of the Senate, or doing nothing. Most of us voted to move the bill forward and into the conference committee. But, sadly, that was not the end of the story.  When it came to the conference committee, there was a new political forceat work, not just the people who wanted to keep Medicare out of the prescription drug business but a new group from the House of Representatives with a much more radical agenda. What they wanted to achieve was not just private insurance companies offering prescription drug benefits, they, in fact, wanted to privatize Medicare itself.  We started by wanting to add a benefit to Medicare, and now the House Republicans, and their cohorts in the Senate, have said: We want to change Medicare. We want to make certain that Medicare as you know it will not be there in the future.  One of the proponents of this point of view was former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, who this week came to the Republican House caucus and said: Vote for this bill; this is a good bill. That should be proof positive to anyone listening that this is a bad bill. Because it was that same Speaker Newt Gingrich, whom I served under in the House, who said, at one point, that we should allow Medicare to wither on the vine. There was no personal or political commitment by Speaker Gingrich to Medicare. And for him to endorse this huge bill is proof positive to me that within the four corners of this bill are threats to Medicare we need to take seriously.  This morning, as I came to the office, on Saturday, I had an e-mail from one of my staffers who fields the phone calls that come into my office. She wrote and said: Senator, something unusual is happening out there. When you first started debating prescription drugs under Medicare a few months ago, the phone calls were generally positive. Seniors were saying: Let's do it; we have waited too long. But she said: Something's happened. There is a sea change out there. The phone calls are overwhelmingly negative now.  Seniors have come to understand this bill not only does not give them good prescription drug coverage but it is a full-scale assault on Medicare itself, and they are calling every office, congressional and senatorial office alike, saying: Defeat this legislation.  Now, doesn't that tell us something? Doesn't it tell us something, that what we started off in believing--that seniors wanted prescription drugs--has now been rejected by them when they learned what is at stake? And there is a lot at stake.  This bill will raise Medicare premiums, something which lower income seniors will find very difficult to deal with. It will force seniors into HMOs. And you know what that means. That means insurance companies will pick their doctors and their hospitals for them and say that they will lose the right to choose their own doctors and hospitals.  Of course, that is the grand old Republican plan: that Medicare as we know it would change; that, instead, we would be dealing with HMO insurance companies. And I can tell you, I have yet to run into a senior citizen anywhere who endorses HMOs, nor many doctors who believe they are very good when it comes to quality health care. Yet that is the solution that is being offered here.  It is not bad enough that my friends on the Republican side of the aisle have said they want to move toward private insurance companies and privatizing Medicare. They do not even believe in the value of the free market in this experiment. Because they are not saying to HMOs: We want to open the door and give you your chance to compete. No. They are coming through with more than $10 billion in Federal taxpayers' subsidies to be given to these HMO insurance companies so that they capture more and more seniors out of Medicare.  Think of that. The Republican free market, entrepreneurial spirit that is being sustained by a $10 billion Federal slush fund for HMOs so they can take more and more seniors out of Medicare.  What is even worse, as they draw seniors out of Medicare, they will look for, as most insurance companies do, the healthiest of the seniors, leaving behind the poorest and the sickest seniors in Medicare, meaning that the costs of Medicare per person are going to go up, and Medicare will become more expensive, and perhaps less popular from a budget point of view.  That is the grand plan here: Starve Medicare; have it wither on the vine. Newt Gingrich's vision for Medicare is finally realized in this 1,200-page bill. Speaker Gingrich rides again. He has prevailed. His was the voice that prevailed when it came to the contents of this bill.  Sadly, too, this bill will eliminate drug coverage for millions of Americans. We have had a Congressional Budget Office review of what happens when this bill goes into effect.  Mr. President, 2.7 million retirees will lose the private insurance coverage they currently have. Understand who these people are. These are people who have worked for a lifetime for a company, with the understanding they would receive a retirement benefit which included prescription drug coverage. And when this goes into effect, this proposal that has been brought before us, the Congressional Budget Office and other sources tell us 2.7 million Americans will lose their prescription drug coverage. They may lose all of their health coverage during retirement.  Over 100,000 of these unlucky retirees are in my State of Illinois. For them, if for no other reason, I will be voting no on this. I will be voting no because, frankly, we are basically saying: We want to reward HMOs. We want to reward pharmaceutical companies at the expense of people who have worked a lifetime for security in their retirement and will lose it because of this bill.  How can we, in good conscience, stand here and say we are going to create a mechanism where companies will have the rationale and the opportunity to drop their retiree health care coverage? That is sad. Medicare was created because seniors across America did not have a helping hand when it came to doctors and hospitals. And now, in this effort to privatize Medicare and reward the big drug companies, we are going to provide less coverage for seniors across America.  Let me speak for a moment about the pharmaceutical aspect of this bill. We know if we have competition, we can bring prices down. We also know if the Government shows leadership, as they have in Canada, prices of drugs will come down. But the pharmaceutical companies have prevailed. The pharmaceutical companies have won the argument.  The most important question asked about any piece of legislation before the Congress is this: Who wants it? Who wants this bill?  First and foremost, the pharmaceutical companies want this bill because there is no effort to bring down the cost of drugs that American families and seniors have to pay--no effort whatsoever.  We had a provision included that called for generic drugs, one way to try to get good drugs that are lower priced in the hands of seniors, and it was weakened dramatically in the conference. We had an opportunity, through a provision proposed by the House of Representatives, for reimportation of drugs from Canada and Europe so seniors had a chance to get a break there if they could not afford the drugs here in the United States. That was dramatically weakened, too. And the Bush administration has vowed they will never let it happen, they will not allow reimportation to happen.  So if you do not have generics encouraged, and you do not have reimportation, and Medicare is not competing for cost, what it means is the pharmaceutical companies have their prayers answered, their dreams come true. They will continue to hike the cost of pharmaceuticals and drugs, and this Government and this bill will do nothing to stop it, and seniors across America will find this so-called prescription drug benefit of little or no value as time passes. Because if the cost of drugs goes up 10 or 15 percent a year, no matter what the Federal Government offers, in the end, there is little to show for it--less and less each and every year.  