If the Government is borrowing to cover its own debt, that means interest rates go higher so the businessperson, whether he is in Chicago or she is in Springfield or New York City, is going to pay a higher interest rate for the capital needed in order to expand the business. That is what we are doing here. We are deepening the debt of the United States of America and increasing the deficit.  If you look at why we are doing it, I think it tells another part of the story. This plan being proposed by the President for tax cuts is one that does not pass the fairness test. That is critically important. Issues have been raised during the course of the day, interesting issues about sacrifice in America. Since September 11, we have been proud of the unity of America and the spirit of sacrifice. People have said: We are coming forward to help.  I remember, in the days after September 11, how many of us went to blood banks all across the United States, believing if there was a national emergency and a need, we wanted to make sure there would be an adequate blood supply. I remember seeing that in Chicago and other places, being a participant myself. There was an actual belief that we had an obligation as citizens to do something extra for America, the belief that we should sacrifice for the good and strength of this country.  That belief is always out there in America. The right leader can tap it, and Americans will step forward time and time again. They won't disappoint you. The people will be there to stand behind their country. We are still in that time of testing. Mr. President, 130,000 military personnel in the United States are now positioned for the invasion of Iraq; 130,000 men and women, civilian and military, who are there prepared to risk and, sadly--I hope it is never necessary--maybe even give their lives in service to their country. We cannot ask a greater sacrifice ofany person than what we are asking of those 130,000.  Some of them are full-time military. Others are Reservists and National Guardsmen who were called up and left their families and jobs to serve their country. The point raised on the floor today was: What does the President's plan do for these Reservists and Guardsmen and their families? What does it do for people in their income categories? The sad reality is that it does little or nothing.  Take a look at these numbers as an indication of what the President's plan would do when it comes to tax cuts for those in different income categories. If someone is earning from $21,000 to $38,000 in income--that is certainly the low end of the middle class--the President's tax cut is $265 a year. What is that, $5.50 a week under the President's tax plan. How does that change the economy? Now look at the 260,000 people in America with incomes over $1 million a year who would see an annual tax benefit of $88,873 from the President.  Does this make sense? Is this fair? We are saying to people in lower income categories: Sacrifice for the good of America and stand unified. Be prepared. We need your help. We need to be together.  Then you say to people who are better off than virtually anyone else in America: We are going to make certain that you receive the lion's share of the benefit in the President's tax cut package.  As my friend from Minnesota and others have said, this is clearly ``no millionaire left behind.'' That is the policy of the Bush administration when it comes to tax cuts.  If it worked, if it were a winning formula, I would swallow hard and say, do it again. But the President tried this 2 years ago, and it failed. It failed to invigorate the economy. That is why we are still in this drastic circumstance today. Giving more tax breaks to wealthy people, the trickle-down theory of economics, the philosophy that this administration has pushed time and time again, has failed to invigorate this economy, and the President wants more of the same.  That is not going to work. I am hoping some of my Republican colleagues who are now in the majority of both the House and the Senate understand that, too, and will prevail on the President to move beyond this whole notion that somehow taking the personal tax off corporate dividends is going to turn the American economy around and somehow giving $89,500 a year in tax breaks to the wealthiest people will invigorate this economy.  