We are about a political script. Senator Reid of Nevada read to us this all-points bulletin that was sent out to the Senators saying: Be sure and get over here exactly at 6 o'clock. It said: The Fox News channel is really excited about this marathon. Britt Hume at 6 would love to open with all of our 51 Senators walking on to the floor. The producer wants to know, will we walk in exactly at 6:02 when the show starts so they can get it live to open Britt Hume's show, or, if not, can we give them an exact time for the walk-in?  That is what this is about: It is about theater. The theater we are witnessing tonight is one where, frankly, the curtain should come down. We ought to start talking about things people really care about across America. I can tell you, it is not about 4 judges out of 172. We have approved for this President 168 of his nominees. I think it is a new record. I do not think any President in that brief a period of time has had 168 nominees approved. Lest you believe the Democrats dragged their feet, we approved 100 of these judges during the 17 months Pat Leahy was chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. The remaining 68 came through under Republican Chairman Hatch. I think there has been a concerted and conscientious effort to give the Presidenthis nominees. Then, of course, there were 4 who were not approved--168 to 4. So 98 percent of this President's nominees have been approved. By any reasonable standard, this President is doing very well. Most people would agree, except for the 51 Senators on the other side of the aisle. They believe unless the President gets every nominee, this is a miscarriage of justice.  Sadly, though, they are ignoring the obvious. The obvious is the Constitution of the United States gives this Senate the authority to say yes or no, to advise and consent. Article II, section 2: Advice and consent of the Senate. Some of these Republican Senators would like to see this phrase go away and make their argument at least a little plausible, but it is a fact. We have the authority under the Constitution we swear to uphold to make these decisions; and we have made them.  Of course, not only is the Constitution on our side, but the rules of the Senate are on our side. It reminds me in law school, they told you early in a trial advocacy course--and this a cliche, I know--they used to say: If you have the law on your side in your trial, beat on the law. If you have the facts on your side, beat on the facts. But if you do not have the law or the facts on your side, beat on the table. That is what is happening in this 30-hour marathon. Our Republican colleagues are beating on the table. The law is not on their side.  The Constitution says we have the authority to say no. We have said no 4 times out of 172 opportunities. It is constitutional to do so. Are the facts on our side? Are we being unfair to stop 4 judges, approving 168 and stopping 4? I do not think so.  Frankly, if you look at the record of the Republicans in control of this same committee with a Democratic President, you will find some 63 nominees were never given the decency of a hearing. They never had a chance to even appear and introduce themselves to the committee. The decision was made by the Republican leadership, with a Democratic President, not to even let them in the building.  I have been through this. Three of my nominees that happened to. Do you know what it consisted of? If any one Republican Senator objected to any nominee, end of story. They effectively had a filibuster by one Senator. They stopped these nominees in their tracks.  I can recall going to Senator John Ashcroft, our Attorney General, with one extraordinarily talented nominee, and pleading with him, after the man had waited for a year for a hearing, pleading with him to at least meet the man. Let him come before the committee. No way. The answer was no. End of story. End of nomination.  That was the treatment accorded to three judges from my State during the short period of time when I was here and President Clinton was President, as the Republicans ruled the Senate Judiciary Committee.  I lost 3 nominees. Did I rally my Democratic colleagues: ``Let's all get together and hold our breath and turn blue for 30 hours because I have lost 3 nominees''? No. Maybe I could have. Maybe I should have. But I did not. I understood it. I thought it was fundamentally unfair, and I still do.  What we have done to these four nominees is not unfair. Each and every single one of them has had a hearing. Each and every one of them has been able to come to the committee and present their credentials. That never happened to 63 nominees offered by President Clinton.  This President has a pretty good batting average when it comes to the Senate: 98 percent of his nominees have gotten through. But for the 2 percent, we are meeting this evening.  I might add here, if you take a look at the issues at hand, the Senator from Nevada raised an interesting one. Almost without fail, the majority of the 168 nominees were all members of this Federalist Society. It sounds like a secret handshake society. It is something else. I am not sure exactly what it is. I will tell you why I am not sure.  I do know this. If you are an aspiring law student who one day wants to be a Republican nominee for a judgeship, my recommendation to you is to join the Federalist Society today and do not miss a meeting because, frankly, that is a requirement if you are going to make it into the ranks of judges in the future.  What is it about this society? I don't know. But if you scratch the DNA of all these Republican nominees, you are going to find that Federalist Society chromosome. It is in every one of them. Time and again, I have said to these nominees: What is the Federalist Society? What does it mean to you? Some people say it is a rather extreme organization that views the law and the Constitution in a manner that most Americans do not. But when I ask these nominees--I can remember a Professor Viet Dinh of Georgetown Law School where I went to school many years ago. I said: You belong to the Federalist Society. Why? He said: Because I get a free lunch in Chinatown once a month.  Well, I think it is more than that. If you go to their Web site and ask the Federalist Society what they believe, what they put on their Web site is they talk about how we have lost control of the law and the liberals are taking over--all the stuff you expect. Then when you ask each of these nominees: Well, do you agree with that? ``Oh, no,''--with one exception: Mr. Pryor. William Pryor of Alabama says, yes, he does agree with it. If you got to know Mr. Pryor, you would understand he is rather unabashed in his political beliefs.  The fact of the matter is, the nominees we are receiving from the White House are not mainstream nominees. Sadly, of the 168 we have approved, many could be challenged as outside the mainstream, and that is not what America is looking for.  President Clinton knew if he sent up a real liberal, someone who, frankly, had the credentials of the left, he did not stand a chance before Senator Orrin Hatch's Judiciary Committee. We would strive to find people with extraordinary legal credentials, people who really have made a difference in terms of their practice of law and what they have done; and they, too, suffered before that same committee.  This President has no qualms. The people he sends to us, whether it is Miguel Estrada or whether it is William Pryor or Priscilla Owen, each and every one of them have come back--Charles Pickering--with credentials that just do not pass the middle-of-the-road test.  Why are we doing this for 30 hours? Let's lay it on the line. This memo from Fox News tells you why we are here. We are here to grind raw meat for the Republican rightwing, so television networks like the fair and balanced Fox News network can rail on for days and weeks about this 30-hour tribute to the Republican point of view, so the radio talk show hosts, who blather on every single day from the right, will have much more to talk about. And instead of dealing with real issues, paying for the Veterans' Administration, so we can get that done, and meet our obligations, taking care of the unemployed across America, so they can feed their families and avoid bankruptcy, we do not have time for that. Our time has to be focused and dedicated to this debate.  I will say to my colleagues in the Senate, I think my friends on the Republican side will have to agree with this: Though they do not like the outcome of the four judges we have talked about here, we have given the nominees, even when Senator Leahy was chairman, ample opportunity to explain who they are and what they stand for. I think what we have asked for is reasonable.  What we ask of every judicial nominee, from a Democrat or Republican President, is really basic. They have to be people who are honest, of high integrity. They have to understand the law. They should be people who do not come to this job with an ax to grind. That is not too much to ask. Four have failed that test; 168 have been approved.  