Allow me to use another illustration. Just last weekend, there was the downing of the Chinook helicopter in Iraq with 15 of our soldiers killed initially and another soldier who has died just last night, I understand, so 16 soldiers died and 20 more were seriously injured. The pilot of that helicopter was from my home State. It was a National Guard helicopter.  After that occurred, unsolicited I received communications from reliable military sources that suggested that the Guard helicopters in activated units were not adequately equipped and prepared to deal with shoulder-fired missiles. This is as serious a question as can be given to any Member of the Senate. Naturally, the families--the servicemen first and their families--wanted to know the answer. So what I did was to write a letter directly to the Secretary of Defense, Donald Rumsfeld, saying please look into this immediately; see if the National Guard units that have been activated are sufficiently protected with equipment.  During the course of asking this question, more communications came my way. Now we have received a lot of communications suggesting that families all around Illinois, and even around the country, are telling us about deficiencies in the equipment available to our servicemen in Iraq and Afghanistan, and particularly to activated guardsmen and reserves.  Consider that just yesterday, the President signed an $87 billion appropriation for the effort in Iraq and Afghanistan which, as I understand it, about $67 billion was for our men and women in uniform, which I supported. As much as I disagree with the President's foreign policy, I am not going to shortchange our men and women in uniform for the resources they need to be successful in their mission and come home safely.  Having done that, having given the appropriation to the administration, now we have families and servicemen coming to me, as the Senator from Illinois, saying they do not think the money is being spent properly. I have a responsibility to their families and to my State to ask the hard questions of the administration. Are you doing all that you can to protect our servicemen? Frankly, I think that is why I was elected. If I am not given a chance to even ask that question or to have my inquiry answered, what, then, can I say to these families or to these servicemen who believe that I am their elected representative and have that responsibility?  Senator Stabenow, in her amendment, says this new policy of the administration, of refusing to answer letters from Democratic Senators and Democratic Congressmen, takes away from the voice of those families and those servicemen and people across the United States who rely on us to stand up and hold any administration accountable, whether it is Democratic or Republican.  I think, honestly, her amendment goes to the heart of why we are here doing business in the Chamber of the Senate. I support her very strongly. I urge my Republican colleagues who have been very loyal to their President, and that is understandable and admirable, to think long and hard about this policy. Things change in this town. The tide of politics can hit the shore and go back out to sea and come back again. You never know, a year, 2 years, 3 years from now, whether or not policies taken by this administration establish a precedent which is not healthy for our constitutional democracy. Certainly this decision by the administration to turn down inquiries and letters of request on matters as basic as the protection of our men and women in uniform and whether or not our helicopters are adequately protected--their decision as a policy basis, which I understand has been included in an e-mail and sent across the administration--raises some important questions.  I see the ranking member of the Senate Budget Committee, Senator Conrad, has taken the floor. Again, he is a perfect illustration of why this new policy of the administration, refusing to answer inquiries from Democratic Senators about their spending policies and taxing policies, make it impossible for him to do his job on the Budget Committee to make certain that every administration is held accountable.  I am going to yield the floor and say to my friend and colleague from Michigan, thank you for bringing this issue up. This is not just a morning newspaper article. This is a serious constitutional question. I hope some of my colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle, after first reacting they want to stand by their administration, will think long and hard if this is a policy we in America should be asked to live with, when future Congresses and future Presidents are elected and we are all told we are trying to share a responsibility of accountability across our Government.  I yield the floor.  