President, I thank my colleagues for staying this evening. The world's greatest deliberative body does not spend a lot of time debating. That was one of the biggest surprises that I learned when I first came over to the Senate. I hope tonight, if we have a good debate, it will set a standard that will lead to even more debates on the Senate floor.  For 66 years, Social Security has been America's insurance policy. Social Security has been America's promise that when all else fails, the monthly check from Social Security is going to be there to help you pay for your food, your utilities, and your prescription drugs.  Social Security has never been Uncle Charlie's red hot investment tip, that stock that just could not lose. Social Security has always been that rainy day fund that your dad and your grandfather told you to take care of first before you even listened to Uncle Charlie.  Some politicians do not like Social Security. It is an old idea. It has been around for several years. It is conservative. It is a Government program. It was created by Franklin Roosevelt during the New Deal. It is also the horse, though it never sets a track record, that always finishes the race.  The critics want to dismantle Social Security for a flashy, dazzling money maker that just cannot lose. They want to cut the current Social Security monthly benefit and add higher administrative costs at the expense of your parents' retirement and your own.  Now, they tell us that Social Security privatization adds up, but like that hot stock tip, their privatization argument is all about faith and not facts. As every good magician, they want to divert your attention from the most important part of their presentation.  The supporters of privatizing Social Security cannot explain how they will fill the $2 trillion hole in the Social Security trust fund that will be created when people lift out money to put in privatization personal accounts. If they were honest about their $2 trillion shortfall, they would tell you that the options are very limited and very painful.  For one thing, they might suggest we raise payroll taxes to make up the difference, but who needs an increased payroll tax with this lame economy? They could tell you honestly that we can raise the retirement age under Social Security and make up for the $2 trillion shortfall in privatization. But is that something you want the Government to mandate at this point in your life? Or they could cut Social Security monthly benefits, but that might come just at the time when your mother's prescription drug bill goes up $100 a month.  If it turns out that Uncle Charlie's hot stock tip, or the Republican privatization of Social Security, fails, guess who ends up holding the bag. Well, first, your parents, then you as their children, and ultimately, when the bottom falls out, future taxpayers.  The bad news about Social Security is not the bedrock principle on which it was founded. The bad news about Social Security is that this President and this Republican Congress, with their tax cuts for the wealthy and recordbreaking deficits, are endangering Social Security and Medicare at exactly the wrong time.  This is a news flash from those who are supporting privatization, which I think they should crawl across every TV screen in America whenever this debate starts, and it ought to say, just so you did not miss it: The baby boomers are on the way.  We have only known that for 50 years. We have seen them coming. We know they expect Social Security to be there because they paid into it. So instead of historic deficits and Social Security privatization schemes, how about some conservatism for a change? How about protecting the Social Security trust fund?  In closing, this is a historic moment. Since the Republicans chose the issue of privatizing Social Security as our topic tonight, it now can be said officially to Republicans across America that it is now safe to say privatize Social Security again. For 3 years, they would not do it while the Dow Jones was diving, the Standard & Poor's was sliding, mutual funds were muddling, and corporate robbers were led away in shackles. Welcome back Social Security privatization. But there is one problem: the Republicans may now think it is safe to dive again into the Social Security privatization pool, but when it comes to common sense that pool is still empty.  