President, I rise today to introduce America's Red Rock Wilderness Act. This legislation is in keeping with our Nation's bipartisan commitment to preserve our natural heritage. The preservation of our Nation's vital natural resources will be one of our most important legacies.  Unfortunately, remaining wilderness areas are increasingly threatened and degraded by oil and gas development, mining, claims of rights of way, logging and off-road vehicles. America's Red Rock Wilderness Act will designate 9.1 million acres of land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, BLM, in Utah as wilderness under the Wilderness Act. Wilderness designation will preserve the land's wilderness character, along with the values associated with that wilderness--scenic beauty, solitude, wildlife, geological features, archaeological sites, and other features of scientific, educational, and historical value.  America's Red Rock Wilderness Act will provide wilderness protection for red rock cliffs offering spectacular vistas of rare rock formations, canyons and desert lands, important archaeological sites, and habitat for rare plant and animal species.  Volunteers took detailed inventories of thousands of square miles of BLM land in Utah to help determine which lands should be protected. These volunteers provided extensive documentation to ensure that these areas meet federal wilderness criteria.  The BLM also completed a re-inventory of approximately 6 million acres of Federal land in the same area. The results provide a convincing confirmation that the areas designated for protection under this bill meet Federal wilderness criteria.  For more than twenty years Utah conservationists have been working to add the last great blocks of undeveloped BLM-administered land in Utah to the National Wilderness Preservation System. The lands we propose to protect surround and connect eight of Utah's nine national park, monument and recreation areas. These proposed BLM wilderness areas easily equal their neighboring national parklands in scenic beauty, opportunities for recreation, and ecological importance. Yet, unlike the parks, most of these scenic treasures lack any form of long-term protection.  I'd like to thank all of my colleagues who are original cosponsors of thismeasure this year, many of whom have supported the bill since it was first introduced. The original cosponsors of the measure are Senators Feingold, Leahy, Harkin, Kennedy, Bayh, Cantwell, Corzine, Wyden, Stabenow, Reed, Schumer, Boxer, and Kerry. Additionally, I would like to thank The Utah Wilderness Coalition, which includes The Wilderness Society and Sierra Club; The Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance; and all of the other national, regional and local, hard-working groups who, for years, have championed this legislation.  Theodore Roosevelt once stated, ``The Nation behaves well if it treats the natural resources as assets which it must turn over to the next generation increased and not impaired in value.'' Enactment of this legislation will help us realize Roosevelt's vision. In order to protect these precious resources in Utah for future generations, I urge my colleagues to support America's Red Rock Wilderness Act.  