 Let me say there was a statement made earlier by the sponsor of this legislation that tells the whole story. When he came to illustrate the savings in malpractice premiums from States with caps and States without caps, he said to us, I think the Congressional Record will reflect what I am about to say is accurate, that the reason he only chose Los Angeles and Denver to illustrate that States with caps lower malpractice premiums was because it takes a long period of time for the caps to be reflected in the premiums charged to doctors. In his words, he said 8 to 12 to 15 years before premiums come down.  I think perhaps he may be right. Perhaps he may not be right. Over a period of 8 to 15 years it is hard to measure what is going to have an impact on malpractice premiums. It could be the investment success of the insurance company as much as a cap or any other thing. But it tells an important part of the story. If we are facing a medical malpractice insurance crisis today in America, what is being proposed, limiting the recovery of medical malpractice victims, putting a cap on the amount of money they can take home from a lawsuit, is, in fact, not going to provide relief to doctors or hospitals facing these high premiums today. In fact, it may be 8, 10, 12, or 15 years, according to Senator Ensign, the sponsor of this legislation. I think that should give pause to every Senator who believes they can vote for this legislation, see it enacted, go home to doctors in their community and say we have met our obligation. I do not think that is a fact.  There is another side of the story here that is worth at least pointing to. When I asked the Senator from Nevada why he included more than just doctors in this bill, more than just hospitals in this bill, why did he go on to include health care organizations such as insurance companies, HMOs, managed care organizations, why did he include pharmaceutical companies, medical device manufacturers, nursing homes, why are all of them being brought into the debate if our concern is whether or not there will be enough doctors around to deliver babies, he basically said we are trying to reduce the cost to the health care system. I assume if you limited recovery to zero dollars, you could reduce it even more. This bill limits it to $250,000 in noneconomic losses. He gave an illustration of the fact that economic losses include lost wages. Then he went on to say that if a child were injured and would be unable to be employed, for example for the rest of his life, they would have to try to make some calculation as to the lost wages.  I might remind my friend from Nevada that his bill requires objective verifiable losses. How do you calculate that for a 6-year-old boy, such as the one I talked about yesterday, who will literally have no work life, no work experience the rest of his life on Earth? How do you calculate that in objective verifiable ways, as to his future lost wages?  The importance of that, of course, is that is only one of two things he can be compensated for--medical losses as well as loss of income. So the calculation is very difficult under the exact language of the bill written by the Senator from Nevada.  I take exception to a comment made during the course of this debate by my friend from Alabama. He has made this comment before. He referred to what he called ``jackpot justice.'' He referred to verdicts that really are of little or no benefit, as he said, to society.  I suggest to him that we have statistics. Virtually both sides inundated the record with statistics. But these come from the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. Here is what they tell us.  The number of new medical malpractice claims declined by 4 percent between 1995 and 2000. During that 5-year period of time, new medical malpractice claims declined by 4 percent.  If we were talking about a proliferation of claims or lawsuits, the record suggests it is not the number. But, of course, some will argue how much is being awarded to those that are being filed. I would concede that the general awards have gone up. It reflects a number of things. It reflects inflation in medical care, and the cost of medical care. Everybody knows that is a fact. The cost of prescription drugs, the cost of doctors' care, and the costs of hospitals have all gone up. That is reflected when a verdict or an award is given to someone who has been injured. You would expect under normal circumstances for a person who is aggrieved or injured by medical malpractice on a year-to-year basis to see that award going up, understandably so. But how about the big awards, ones over $1 million?  According to Business Week, and their March 3, 2003, issue, which I quoted earlier--Business Week is hardly a liberal publication--in 2001 there were only 895 out of 16,676 payouts exceeding $1 million, about 1 percent. That is up from 506 in 1996.  In a 5-year period of time, the number of awards over $1 million went from 506 to 895.  From the debate on the floor you would conclude that the number was much larger.  I take exception especially to a reference to these awards and settlements in larger numbers as ``jackpot justice.''  I will not bring out the photographs. But earlier I mentioned some of the people who have been victims of medical malpractice.  Heather Lewinsky of Pittsburgh, PA, a 17-year-old who has gone through a series of plastic surgeries and will be deformed and scarred for the rest of her life by medical malpractice--would a verdict in her case be a jackpot? I don't think so.  Evelyn Babb, a 75-year-old woman from Tyler, TX, went in for a simple knee surgery and the surgeon operated on the wrong knee. As a result, this 75-year-old lady lost her mobility and will be suffering with pain for the rest of her natural life. Would a verdict in her case be ``jackpot justice''?  Sherry Keller from Conyers, GA, a graphic case which I talked about earlier, a lady who went into her doctor's office after a hysterectomy and had a terrible situation where her womb was reopened because of bleeding and she went into shock--the doctor left her alone in the room, she fell off the examination table striking her head as she fell to the floor, eventually leading to a situation of being a quadriplegic. If she received an award, this mother and homemaker, of $500,000, has she hit the jackpot?  I don't think so.  Colin Gouley from Nebraska came with his family to see us today. This little 9-year-old boy, whose life has been compromised dramatically, will have a difficult time doing things we pray that every child can do, such as read, write, engage in conversation, walk, and run. He will never have that chance. A jury in Nebraska thought that his damages from malpractice committed against him was worthmore than $5 million. So did Colin Gouley hit the jackpot with a $5 million verdict if he has a lifetime of being in a wheelchair because of medical malpractice? Is this ``jackpot justice''?  Kim Jones, 30 years old, went in for a simple tubal ligation and ended up in a comatose state in a nursing home for the rest of her life. Is an award in her case a jackpot? Did she hit it big if they gave her enough money for someone to care for her the rest of her life? Frankly, she will never be able to care for her daughter again.  Or Alan Cronin, 42 years of age, who went into a hospital in California for a routine hernia surgery and ended up with an infection so serious that it lead to gangrene in all of his limbs and amputation of both arms and legs--Alan Cronin, would he be the winner of a jackpot if those who were responsible for his losing his arms and his legs had to pay and compensate him not only for his medical bills and lost wages but also for his pain and suffering?  That is the part of the calculation which those who bring the bill to the floor have not spoken of. They talked about the challenges facing doctors. We conceded that. In some areas of the country, malpractice insurance is too high. Don't overlook what this bill does. It closes the door and removes the jury from the decision about fair compensation for people who have been injured through no fault of their own.  That is why I think those who are pushing this bill will probably be unsuccessful tomorrow. People on this side of the aisle, and Republicans as well, believe this bill, S. 11, goes too far. This is excessive. This is not setting out to simply solve the problem. This is setting out to make a political point--that we are going to go after those who would be so bold as to file a lawsuit.  In the pages of this bill, you will see a limitation on what attorneys can be paid if they represent one of these clients or one of these patients I have mentioned--people who have lost their limbs, people who are no longer able to function as normal human beings. If they go to hire a lawyer to represent them in a case of malpractice, this law will restrict how much their lawyer can be paid.  If you believe in justice, wouldn't you also argue that those who defend the doctors and defend the hospitals should have their attorney's fees limited as well? Wouldn't that be fair? Isn't that justice with a blindfold? No. The blindfold is raised on one side. It is a wink and a nod to the defense industry representing the doctors and the hospitals. But when it comes to these poor people with limited economic resources fighting for compensation for injuries that are no fault of their own, this bill limits the amount of money that can be paid to those lawyers.  I will tell you that without the contingency fee system, most of these poor people I have described today will never ever have their day in court. No attorney will be able to represent them.  Do you recall not too many months ago that sad story in North Carolina, I believe at a major university, where there was supposed to be a heart-lung transplant and they mistakenly brought the wrong blood and tissue type organs to be transplanted and a mistake was made? It was clearly not the mistake of the family or the little girl who was involved. Discovering this error, they tried to implant an additional set of organs--heart and lung--to save her after this serious mistake was made.  I can tell you that this little girl, who sadly died because of that malpractice, would have recovered little or nothing for that wrongful death under this legislation.  Where do you point to in terms of lost wages for a little girl who died during the course of the surgery? Where is the pain and suffering in a wrongful death lawsuit? Yet that is what it comes down to.  Those sponsors of this bill are prepared to close the courthouse door and say that for her family, they do not have the opportunity to get a lawyer because the contingency fee is limited, and once they have that lawyer there is little or nothing they can recover despite clear evidence of medical malpractice.  That isn't fair. It isn't American. It isn't just. We are talking about rewarding people who have been seriously and egregiously injured.  I hope my colleagues will join me tomorrow in voting against the motion for cloture. We should not proceed to this bill. This bill should proceed to a committee. It should go to a committee for a long period of study of compromise, of amendment, of a good-faith effort on both sides involving the medical profession, and the insurance industry which gets a windfall from this bill, as they do virtually every bill that comes through here, as well as the legal profession; and a bill that will end up in a resolution of the problems facing our doctors and medical providers whom we value very much, but I don't believe they would stand behind such a product that is so fundamentally unfair.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  