 I have spoken to my colleagues, whom I respect very much and whom I acknowledge to be certainly doing the very best they can with an extraordinary bill at an extraordinary time, and urge them to consider this new figure. I have not pursued my original request, which was $500 a month for both, nor a modification of it of $400 a month. I have come down to what I consider to be a reasonable increase in light of the reality of the circumstances.  I do not know that any person in the Senate will stand before us and argue that he is going to find complaints from military families about this family separation allowance or even about combat pay. Thank God we have the very best people in America serving in our military. Their families are at home keeping the families together, praying for their safe return. They are not importuning and begging this Congress for more money. That has not happened. God bless them for not putting pressure on us to deal with that. But let us accept the reality of our responsibility. We have a responsibility not just to pass resolutions in support of the troops. We have a responsibility beyond the kind words which we offer in debate in this Senate. We have a specific responsibility to these men and women in uniform and their families.  Look at what they are facing. They are facing the separation of families, which undoubtedly has to be traumatic and difficult. They are trying to raise their children in a circumstance that may be more challenging than ever because of the need for child care costs, which certainly are extraordinarily large even under the best circumstances. They are dealing sometimes with activated reservists and guardsmen who have left a good paying job and are now on military pay, taking a substantial economic cut. That is why I have started this debate. That is why I offered the amendment on the budget resolution. And that is why I bring this issue up today.  I hope when my colleagues consider what I am offering today, they will remember the vote we cast last week. Last week, I asked my colleagues, with the support of Senator Warner, Senator Chambliss, and Senator Landrieu, to entertain an increase in combat pay and an increase in family separation allowance. I asked that $2 billion be set aside for that purpose in the budget resolution, and the record vote in this Senate was 100 to 0. That is a rare unanimous vote of the Senate in support of something that everyone agreed needed to be done.  Now let's look at what I am offering today. The cost of $250 a month in combat pay and the cost of $250 a month in family separation allowance comes to barely $500 million for the remainder of this year. That shows that I am really coming with a request that is a little more than one-fourth of what the Senate approved by a 100-to-0 vote last week.  So why would we stand here and say unanimously, by a 100-to-0 vote, that we are willing to spend four times as much in support of military personnel and now a week later, when the bill comes before us, we are saying, no, we will not?  I say to my friend from Alaska, I thank him for acknowledging the need for an increase but I want him to seriously consider the second-degree amendment which I have offered. This amendment does not reach my original goal of $500 or a compromise of $400 a month but comes to $250 a month, which we are offering the families of servicemen who are struggling with childcare costs, additional medical expenses, the need to deal with additional family pressures. That is not too much for us to give. The current reimbursement of $100 is inadequate. Going to $250 is not extravagant at all. It is important that we do it.  For combat pay, let me quickly add, there is no amount of money we could pay our men and women in uniform that would compensate them for putting their lives on the line for our country, but I hope what we do today will be an important message and symbol to them that we not only stand with them when it comes to holding our flag and saying kind words on the Senate floor but we stand with them when it comes to combat pay and imminent danger pay.  When we look at the images of men and women on the television risking their lives, the prisoners of war, and all the horrors they face, $250 a month in combat pay seems like something this Senate should approve without controversy, and $250 a month for their family back home should not be controversial. It is, in fact, an effort to accept the reality of family obligations.  Senator Danny Inouye, one of my heroes in the Senate, last year gave a speech which I recall today as we stand and talk about this issue. He reminded us that back in World War II, when he served with such great distinction, over 80 percent of the men and women in uniform were not married, they were single. Today, we know that 60 percent of those serving in the Iraqi war, Afghanistan, and in combat zones have families back home. The face of the military has changed. Where family separation allowance used to apply to a very small group for very limited expenses, families today have additional expenses.  A year or two ago, I had a detailee in my office from the U.S. Army, MAJ Pat Sargeant, who works with medical evacuation now and is currently serving our country with his wife. He recently sent an e-mail to my office. He noted an article in the Army Times, which said: ``Legislators set out to boost war pays.''  The article stated I had sponsored an amendment to include an increase in monthly imminent danger pay from $150 to $250 and family separation allowance from $100 to $250.  Pat Sargeant--wherever you are--sent me the greatest note and said: You cannot believe what it did to morale for us to hear that the Members of Congress were going to try to help our families and try to help the individuals involved.  Let's stand together today on a bipartisan basis for all the States, as we did last week; 100 to 0 should be the vote in favor of $250 a month for combat pay, $250 a month for family separation allowance. That is a reasonable amount. It is not an exorbitant amount.  Some have argued that is just for the remainder of this fiscal year; we may have to face this expense in the future. I say, so be it. So be it. If we are going to activate guardsmen and reservists, if we are going to ask the men and women in uniform in this country to risk their lives, the first obligation we have is to them and their families before we discuss the myriad of other issues that will come before the Senate.  In this supplemental appropriations bill, there is a substantial amount of money to pursue this war in Iraq. I believe it will receive a unanimous vote in the Senate. There is also $9 billion in this bill for foreign aid, which I will support.  Put in perspective what we are asking for: $500 million first and foremost to the men and women in uniform and to their families. That is not an unreasonable request in a bill that may total $80 billion; $500 million for the men and women in uniform so that $250 a month in combat pay will be there for them, $250 a month will be there to help their families get through this very difficult time.  I hope the Senators who have considered this issue will consider my second-degree amendment in friendly terms and accept it so we can vote for this on a bipartisan basis. The Senate should stand together. I urge my colleagues to accept the amendment.  