 I rise today to offer an amendment to fulfill our pledge to the millions of people around the world, in Africa in particular, who suffer from HIV/AIDS.  AIDS is fast becoming the worst plague the world has ever endured. Already, 25 million people have been killed by the disease. These charts have been provided to us by the United Nations World Health Organization. If we will look at these startling numbers, they indicate the number of adults and children newly infected with HIV during the year 2002: 3.5 million in sub-Saharan Africa; 700,000 in South and Southeast Asia; 270,000 in East Asia; 150,000 in Latin America; 250,000 in Eastern Europe and Central Asia. The numbers of newly infected people last year are truly startling.  Take a look at those who are living with HIV/AIDS at the end of the year 2002: 29.4 million in sub-Saharan Africa; 1.2 million in East Asia; 6 million in South and Southeast Asia; 1.2 million in Eastern Europe and Central Asia; almost a million in North America. The numbers are startling.  Then, of course, the mortality tables really tell an equally sad story. The estimated adult and child deaths from HIV/AIDS during the year 2002: 2.4 million in Africa. I know what happens when these numbers are read. Eyes glaze over, minds turn numb, and one thinks, I cannot calculate all of these numbers.  If you had been there, as I and so many of my colleagues have been, to meet with the families who are infected, who understand that they have a death sentence from HIV/AIDS, families who show extraordinary courage every single day getting up and doing their work, realizing they will never be able to afford the medicine necessary to prolong their life, families trying to keep it together with their children for that last moment, realizing their time will soon come, you would never ever forget it.  The statistics, as I said, may be something that numbs our mind but, frankly, for those who seen it firsthand, as I have, they will never forget it. As parents are dying, 14 million AIDS orphans have been left without the care and support they need. Unless we act soon, there will be 25 million AIDS orphans. Each year, the world loses a population greater than the city of Chicago because of AIDS.  We know how to stop the deaths. In his State of the Union Address, President Bush made a 5-year pledge of $15 billion to help millions of AIDS sufferers in Africa and around the world in fighting the AIDS epidemic. Listen to what he said:       We can turn our eyes away in resignation and despair, or we      can take decisive, historic action to turn the tide against      this disease and give hope of life to millions who need our      help.  Unfortunately, the President's solid and courageous rhetoric was not backed up by his own budget request. His budget this year falls nearly $1 billion short of the $3 billion for the coming year that is needed to meet the 5-year $15 billion pledge.  Sadly, the President's shortchanging on AIDS will cost lives. The additional $1 billion we seek to restore today will put 1 million people on treatment and prevent 2.5 million new infections.  In July of this year, Senator Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico, a real leader on this issue, asked us to enact a sense-of-the-Senate resolution to tell the world, listening carefully to what we have to say on this issue, what we believe. Senator Bingaman offered a very courageous resolution, as follows:       It is the sense of Congress that Congress, when considering      appropriations Acts for fiscal year 2004, should fully      appropriate all the amounts authorized for appropriation in      the Act, even to the extent that appropriating such amounts      will require Congress to appropriate amounts over and above      the funding levels in the Concurrent Resolution on the      Budget. . . .  Senator Bingaman said we should put $3 billion into this fight on AIDS as we promised, and he said we should do it even if it violates the budget resolution.  What happened to Senator Bingaman's resolution? It passed with 78 Members voting in favor of the resolution.  The Members who stood up and said they are prepared to vote for $3 billion to fight the global AIDS epidemic include the chairman of the subcommittee on appropriations which brings this bill to the floor, Senator Specter of Pennsylvania; the Republican majority leader, Senator Frist, his assistant leader, Senator McConnell of Kentucky; as well as the Presiding Officer from Georgia. All of these Senators and many more voted in favor of this resolution, saying they were prepared to stand up and vote for $3 billion to fight for AIDS. In just a few minutes, they are going to have that chance. They will be able to demonstrate to the world that what they voted for in the Bingaman amendment was more than just posing for holy pictures, that they were in fact prepared to cast the vote even if it broke the budget resolution because the AIDS epidemic was that powerful and that overwhelming.  With those 78 votes, this Durbin amendment should pass easily. Maybe I do not even need to complete my speech, but on the off chance that some of my colleagues might be thinking of changing their minds--having voted for the Bingaman resolution and now given a chance to actually vote for the money, decide they want to vote the other way--let me tell them why they should not. Remember what the President himself said:       We care more about results than words. We're interested in      lives saved.  Now is our opportunity to go beyond words and fulfill the pledge the President made in his State of the Union Address and the pledge we made in the Senate this last July. Keeping our promise and fighting against AIDS is in America's interest. AIDS is not just a humanitarian crisis, it is a security crisis. Living up to President Bush's promise on AIDS is important for showing the world we will keep our commitments.  As the CIA Director recently said when asked is AIDS a security issue, Director Tenet said: You bet it is. With more than 40 million people infected right now, a figure that by 2010 may reach 100 million, AIDS is building dangerous momentum in regions beyond Africa. As this disease spreads, it unravels social structures, decimates populations, and destabilizes nations around the world.  The National Intelligence Council found that in five of the world's most populous nations, the number of HIV-infected people will grow to an estimated 50 million to 75 million by the year 2010.  AIDS is particularly devastating to national armies around the world that ensure the stability of their nations. In South Africa, according to the Rand Institute, some military units have infection rates as high as 90 percent. Keeping our promise on AIDS to the world is not only the compassionate thing to do, it is the smart thing to do in terms of national security as well.  Today, we have a chance to change the course of the AIDS pandemic by providing $3 billion, as promised, in the next fiscal year. The amendment I am putting forward would close the gap between the rhetoric of our promise in the State of the Union Address and our 78 votes on the Senate floor and the real needs of AIDS sufferers by fully funding the $3 billion. The amendment provides $939.7 million to close the gap and fully fund this $3 billion pledge.  The stakes could not be higher. Let me quote Majority Leader Frist who said recently:       History will judge whether a world led by America stood by      and let transpire one of     the greatest destructions of human life in recorded history      or performed one of its most heroic rescues.  Senator Frist is right. In just a few moments, with the Durbin amendment, on a bipartisan basis, we can say to the world we will not stand idly by and make budgetary excuses about an epidemic that threatens our world; we will come to the rescue as we promised.  Instead of fulfilling this pledge, unfortunately, the White House is claiming that the full amount cannot be spent in the next year. All the leading development organizations and medical authorities have rejected this White House claim. This week in Roll Call, a newspaper on Capitol Hill, all--and I underline ``all''--of the leading relief and development organizations in the United States placed an ad endorsing the fact that the full $3 billion could be well spent. Don't fall for the argument: That $3 billion, they won't know what to do with it.  The fact is, there are ample opportunities to stop the spread of AIDS right now. There are not enough funds available, and $2 billion does not meet the global need. By putting in the full $3 billion we promised, we will save lives. By not appropriating that money, lives will be lost, more people affected, and more AIDS orphans to populate this troubled world.  The White House is also ignoring the capacity of the Global Fund to fight AIDS, TB, and malaria, the most effective tool we have to beat AIDS. The Global Fund that is chaired by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, a member of President Bush's Cabinet, Secretary Tommy Thompson, is scaling up successful programs on the ground in Africa and is working to stop the wave of the pandemic in India. It needs hundreds of millions of dollars this fall to fund the grant applications which they know will work to slow down the spread of AIDS.  The White House should not forget the extraordinary needs of AIDS orphans. According to a soon-to-be-released report by the Earth Institute at Columbia University, orphans and vulnerable children need $15 billion each year for basic health, education, and community services. The Global HIV Prevention Group found that AIDS prevention spending falls $3.8 billion short of what is needed by 2005. Although we can spare the lives of babies with AIDS for the price of a Sunday newspaper in the United States, only 5 percent of the women at risk have access to medication to prevent mother-to-child transmission.  I say to my 78 colleagues who voted for the Bingaman amendment just a few weeks ago, understanding that to meet the $3 billion funding request might cause us to go beyond the allowed amounts in the budget resolution, you, including my friend from Pennsylvania, who is the chairman of this subcommittee, voted in the affirmative and said you understood the seriousness of this challenge. You were prepared to take an extraordinary step on the floor of the Senate for an extraordinary challenge which faces the world.  Have they forgotten? Will the rollcall reflect political amnesia on the part of my colleagues or will they stand strong and stand tall for the position that they took not that long ago when we voted on this Bingaman amendment just a few weeks back?  I hope they will join me and commit to fully funding the $3 billion to fight AIDS. We have a unique chance to change the future and save lives. It is in our hands.  Today, a 15-year-old boy in Botswana faces an 80-percent chance of dying of AIDS. I have been to Botswana. This wonderful country unfortunately has a clouded future because of the specter of AIDS which hangs over it today. If we act now, we can change the future for these children before it is too late. I beg my colleagues in the Senate, please look beyond the sterility of this budget resolution. Look in your heart and realize, as Senator Frist has said, we cannot stand idly by. We cannot make procedural arguments. We cannot find any comfort or refuge in some procedural element that suggests maybe we can't afford it. We know better.  We voted with Senator Bingaman. I hope my colleagues will join me in voting for this amendment.  I ask unanimous consent Senator Murray be added as a cosponsor to this amendment.  