 Mr. President, 78 percent of the benefits in the President's proposal are to people in the top 20 percent of income. If you divide all the wage earners in America into five groups based on how much they make, the top 20 percent get 78 percent of the President's benefits, more than $68,000 a year. Then, when you get down to the lower 40 percent of wage earners, they are getting less than $21,000. It really tells the story. If you are going to give tax benefits to a majority of Americans, and a majority of benefits to those Americans, you really have to take a look at the distributional charts here.  First, it strikes me it is not good economics. Good economics suggest if you want to increase demand for goods and services, you give spending power to people who will spend rather than save. That is basic as principles of economics. So it is not good economics to stimulate an economy by rewarding the wealthiest people, who are more likely to save the money than spend it.  Second, it is fundamentally not fair. I think many of the people who propound the President's proposal before us really do not believe and agree with progressive income tax. They don't believe that people who are more comfortable and better off should pay more than those who are struggling. Frankly, over the last several weeks we have heard some of those arguments. I still recall a statement on the floor from the Senator from Pennsylvania, who got up and said a third of the wage earners in America pay no taxes at all. I invite him again to go out and meet with those wage earners who will show to the Senator their payroll stubs. They are paying taxes every hour of every day of every week they work, and to say they are not taxpayers I think is an indication that that Senator is out of touch with the reality of working America.  These are the things we have to deal with here. I hope in the days ahead when we deal with the economic stimulus package we will not overlook the real challenges facing America to fund education.  I voted with the President's No Child Left Behind proposal. I think there are many good things in there. But I was warned by my colleague who sat at this desk, Senator Paul Wellstone of Minnesota, who voted against it. He said when the time comes, the President will not put the money on the table for schools. Sadly, I have to say in Paul Wellstone's memory, he was right. The President has refused to fund the program for No Child Left Behind which he has created. He has established the standards and mandates on school districts across America, but has refused to fund them.  We will give the Senate a chance, I hope, in the next few days to vote for the funding.  Second, we have to do something about health care in this country. The cost of health insurance is prohibitive. The increases are so high we now have employees of companies such as General Electric going on strike because the employees cannot sustain the increased costs of health insurance. And not a word comes from this White House and this administration to address this national crisis.  A hospital administrator in Illinois came to see me last week. He said, Senator, we have a perfect storm here. Health insurance costs are beyond the reach of families and businesses. The costs of maintaining hospitals are going up, and the Government is totally unresponsive to any of these elements. He is right, sadly. The President's State of the Union Address will give him a chance to really show he is even aware of this problem. I hope he is.  In the meantime, $89,000 breaks to millionaires is hardly the kind of assistance Americans need.  I yield the floor.  