 I would like to acknowledge my friendship and respect for the Senator from Iowa. We have been working together, as we will in the future. We come from neighboring States and have a lot of neighboring concerns. I think we will find common ground in the future to work on many issues. I look forward to that opportunity.  Let me tell you that today we couldn't be further apart. There is such a chasm and such a divide between those who support this bill and those who oppose it. It really comes down to a very fundamental issue. It is not a question of who is good and who is evil or who is right and who is wrong. It comes down to the way you look at the world. The way Senator Grassley looks at the world as he describes it in his opening remarks and the way he puts the reasoning forward for this legislation describes a vision of the world. I have a different view of the world.  It comes down to this: From Senator Grassley's point of view, when it comes to taxes in America, our Government should find ways to provide more comfort, more help, and more financial assistance to the elite in America, the investors who have made a lot of money, successful businesspeople--those who have done well in America, some by their own hard work, some by virtue of being born into a family with a lot of money. But the belief of the Senator from Iowa and those who support the President's tax package is that those are the people who really are the future and hope of America; if we can just make life more comfortable for them, if we can give them more of our national resources, then the economy will move forward and all boats will rise. That is their view of the world--help the elite and America will be better off.  On this side of the aisle, we see it a little differently. We kind of view the world in terms of the people who get up every morning and go to work and struggle--teachers, policemen, firefighters, people who own small businesses, those who get up and work every day for a paycheck and pay more in payroll taxes than they do in income taxes--and some who are struggling under difficult family circumstances. From our point of view, if we focus on these God-fearing, middle-income, hard-working Americans and give them a helping hand, give them an additional small slice of the pie so they can enrich their lives, we on this side of the aisle believe that America will be stronger; these people will have stronger families, stronger neighborhoods, stronger churches, stronger schools, and they will spend their money building a stronger economy in each community.  We have two very different views of the world.  Senator Grassley, a Republican, sees the Bush tax plan as a way of helping the elite. We on the Democratic side believe it is far more important to make certain that what we do is fair and balanced, particularly when it comes to working families who are struggling to get by.  Senator Grassley said in his opening remarks that ``it takes people with money to create jobs.'' I quote him. That is his point of view. That is his philosophy. It takes people with money to create jobs. What he overlooks is the fact that people who may not be rich, when given a tax break, will spend it. They will buy washers, dryers, refrigerators, and stoves in addition to a house, paying their bills, and making certain their kids are taken care of and the school tuition is paid.  I suggest to the Senator from Iowa and those of his point of view that it not only takes people with money to create jobs, but to create jobs you ought to give people who are struggling every single day with the burdens of family life a helping hand. In so doing, they will help us create jobs.  The Senator from Iowa said, incidentally, that this is about class warfare; the speech I am giving is about class warfare.  A month ago, we had a visit from a man named Warren Buffett. He is one of my favorites. You may have heard of him. He is one of the most successful businessmen in the world. He lives in Omaha, NE. He owns a company called Berkshire Hathaway. He is extremely successful. Warren Buffett came to talk to us, as he does once in a while, about his view of the world. I always enjoy it. I think his annual report should be must-reading for anybody interested in American business because he has such a refreshing and honest point of view.  We asked Warren Buffett, the second wealthiest man in America, about this claim of class warfare and this tax bill. He said: You bet there's class warfare going on, and my class is winning. He said: My class is winning. And he is right.  This bill is designed so Warren Buffett and the wealthiest people in America will get the tax breaks. Warren Buffett knows that is unfair. He said that publicly. I think most Americans know it is unfair.  Take a look at this morning's New York Times. Consider this for a moment: Despite all of the hectoring byrightwing television, despite all of the best efforts of the President of the United States visiting America from one corner to the next, despite all the speeches by Republicans in Congress, this is what the American people think about the debate in which we are engaged.  Question to the American people, across the board: Which is a better way to improve the national economy: cutting taxes or reducing the Federal budget deficit? Simple choice. Well, 31 percent said: cut taxes, which is what Senator Grassley, President Bush, and the Republicans propose. But 58 percent said: reduce the deficit--almost 2 to 1.  The American people get it. They understand this cutting taxes is not the answer to every problem, and yet that is all we hear from this White House.  Then they asked the American people: Have the reductions in Federal taxes enacted since 2001 under President Bush been good for the economy, bad for the economy, or have they made much difference? So think about this, for a tax cut which most people usually applaud, they asked the American people: Take a look at the President's last tax cut. Did it help the economy or did it not? Those who said it was good for the economy, 19 percent; those who said it was bad for the economy, 12 percent--not much difference: 63 percent.  We took $1 trillion out of the Federal Treasury, gave it to the wealthiest people in America, ran our deficit to record levels, and by a margin of 63 percent to 19 percent the American people said it did not make much difference to those who said: Good idea. Do it again.  Then they asked the American people: If adopted, do you think President Bush's latest tax cut will or will not make a significant difference in the amount of money you have after taxes? Will: 33 percent; will not: 58 percent.  The American people understand. The winners in the Bush tax bill are the elite in America. It isn't the working families and small businesses that will come out ahead. They are going to be saddled with this deficit created by a tax cut when the country is in recession, a tax cut when we are still trying to find out how much we are going to pay for the war in Iraq and the war in Afghanistan and the war against terrorism.  Then, the final question: Would a new tax cut be good for the economy, bad for the economy, or won't have much effect? Good: 41 percent--not bad, huh?--and then those who said bad or won't have much effect: 52 percent. So a majority of the American people think it is either not going to have any impact or it is going to be bad.  They get it. They understand it.  I listen to my fiscally conservative Republicans come to this floor and say: For goodness' sake, don't mention the ``D'' word. Don't mention deficits. Deficits don't count anymore. Deficits aren't important. Why are you Democrats tied in knots over deficits?  Well, the reason they do not want to talk about it is because the record is so miserable. Look where we are ``Stuck in the Bushes'': Federal deficits, surpluses, and then deficits again. Here we have a runup, from the first President Bush, a bad deficit situation; then the beginning years of the Clinton administration, deficits, still red ink; finally, at the end of the Clinton years, we break out of it, and for the first time in over 30 years we start generating surpluses in America; and then comes President George W. Bush, and here we go again, red ink for as far as the eye can see. My fiscally conservative Republican friends say: It doesn't count.  