SANTORUM. I will get the answer to the first question. I do not have the answer, but I will get that, No. 1. No. 2, this is different than the Nebraska statute. In fact, it was drafted in response to the Supreme Court's ruling in the Carhart v. Stenberg case.  To the other question, have there been hearings conducted about it, the answer is, no, there have not been hearings in the Senate. I do not know whether the House has conducted hearings on this language or not, but I can certainly find that out.  We are making the case and we will continue to make the case, and I assume those who oppose this legislation will make their case, as to the constitutionality of this legislation in its amended form that was struck down by the U.S. Supreme Court. I will go through those arguments repeatedly. I do not have time now because we only have about 5 minutes and I do have some other things I want to say.  Clearly, we believe we have addressed the issue of health. The Supreme Court, in the Carhart v. Stenberg case, took the record of the lower court. The lower court found that the health exception was needed based on the record, and the U.S. Supreme Court took the findings of fact from the district court and applied the standard that they would apply to this case, that the district court was clearly erroneous in coming to that decision. They did not find that standard to be met and so they accepted the underlying premise.  Congress has, on repeated occasions, made findings of fact in preparation for review by the courts, and in a vast number of these cases, the courts have been very deferential to Congress, as a body, that gets into much more detail through the process of hearings. We have had numerous hearings about this procedure in both the Senate and the House.  So while the Senator from Illinois has asked if we have had any recent hearings, we have had plenty of hearings on this issue and plenty of hearings about the medical necessity of this procedure. I ask the Senator from Illinois or any Senator who opposes this legislation, please come to the floor and present one case where this procedure is medically necessary. I do not think we need any more hearings. All I need is one case where this procedure would be medically necessary. In 7 years, no one has come to the floor of the Senate, no one has come to a hearing, no one has come before a hearing, no one has come anywhere, publicly, privately or otherwise, and presented a case where this is medically necessary for the health of the mother. So if there are no cases where it is medically necessary for the health of the mother, it is by definition outside of the rubric of Roe v. Wade. Now, that is a finding of Congress. That is a finding of Congress that is continuing to be substantiated by the inaction of those who oppose this to come up with a case.  