I do not think that is unfair.  What we are suggesting is exactly what we gave to the Republicans and now they cannot stand it. They cannot stand the thought we would end up with 45 percent of the resources.  On the outside, people say, why are we haggling over 45 percent or 50 percent? Well, it comes down to people and staff who are working on committees, who are trying to process and evaluate bills so we can have a lively and informed debate, and the Republicans want to deny us those resources, the same resources we offered to them. I do not think that is fair.  As for this organizing resolution, make it simple, three words: Do unto others. Have the Republicans do unto us what we did unto them in exactly the same circumstances. They say they cannot live with that. It really tells the whole story.  Let me talk for a moment about the failure of the last Congress, which the Senator from Alabama has addressed. It was breathtaking to hear his analysis of what happened over the 15 or 16 months when the Democrats were in control, how terrible it was, how things could not get done. He talked about the homeland security bill, and I remember when the Senator from Texas, Phil Gramm, came to this floor and tied up the Senate for 6 weeks and would not pass the homeland security bill because he would not allow an amendment to be called for a vote. For 6 weeks he held up the Senate, which can be done. This is the greatest place in the world to get nothing done, and we do a lot of it. The rules are designed so that nothing is done. Senator Gramm knew the rules and the Republicans knew the rules. Time and again they established the roadblocks and stopped the bills we wanted to pass.  Homeland security was a classic example. It got so bad that my former colleague, Max Cleland of Georgia, a triple amputee Vietnam veteran, a man I was proud to count as a colleague and friend, was attacked during the course of his Senate campaign for not being patriotic. He is a triple amputee Vietnam veteran, and they said in the campaign he was not patriotic because he would not go along with the Republican position on homeland security. To me, that represented the depths of campaigning in America, the absolute worst, and that is what we faced in the last election.  It is a tough business. This is not a bean bag. One has to expect give and take in this business. It is part of it. But that really represented the bottom as far as I was concerned, and that is what we are up against.  On prescription drugs, we came up with a proposal which said make it voluntary, make it universal, make it under Medicare so seniors have a chance to pay for their drugs. Who opposed it? The drug companies. Know why? Because if the Federal Government, under Medicare, offered this program we would bargain with the drug companies to bring down their prices.  They did not want to do that. That would cut into their profits. They supported the Republican version of their bills which basically gave the seniors little or nothing, and then turned around, and if people did not believe who they were supporting, look at the money they spent in the election--tens of millions of dollars in support of Republican Congressional candidates who supported their point of view, that basically said consumers in America will keep paying the highest prices so the profit margins to these drug companies can be as high as they have always been. That was the whole story in that debate.  Frankly, when I hear the Senator from Alabama blame the Democratic Senate on the failure of the appropriations process, I might remind him the appropriations bills originate in the House and they could not get started. We passed two bills. There were 11 appropriations bills that did not pass, and still have not passed. They could not pass them out of the House because they could not reconcile the Republican caucus in the House. They put that blame on Senator Daschle and the Democrats. We could have done a better job. I wish we had. Frankly, some of those criticisms are weak and wrong.  Now a word about the President's stimulus package. Is it not interesting that the former Secretary of the Treasury, Paul O'Neill, said yesterday that had he continued on as Treasury Secretary, he would have not supported President Bush's stimulus plan: I would not have done it, Paul O'Neill said. I can understand why. When you look at this plan, you see there are three fundamental problems. It is not a stimulus plan. To get the economy moving, do something now. Give people spending power.  There are a lot of working families in Illinois and across the Nation. With a few more dollars, they would spend on goods and services, creating demand, creating jobs, creating opportunity. No way. This Bush approach is going to defer most of the money that will be spent for an extremely long period of time. Look at what the President's stimulus package does in the first year: 12 percent of the money he is proposing to be spent in the first year, $110 billion; over a 10-year period of time, $933 billion. This is not an economic stimulus. If it were, you would focus on the first year, as the Democrats have, put the money in the first year, get the economy moving again.  I live in a State now No. 3 in the Nation for unemployment. I cannot imagine that this has happened, but it has. In Illinois, there is 6.7 percent unemployment. We have lost over 20,000 manufacturing jobs in the last 12 months. The President says all the stimulus should come in years to come. What about the people losing their jobs today? Don't we want to put them back to work? Not under the President's plan.  The second problem is the nature of the tax breaks. They are fundamentally unfair. I believe this, fundamentally, when it comes to tax law: The majority of the tax benefits should go to a majority of Americans.  I have heard Republican Senators--one from Pennsylvania--say: Don't you understand? A third of the workers in America do not pay taxes.  Hey, wake up. These people are paying payroll taxes every week.  Oh, he just meant income taxes. What difference does it make if they are taking it out of your paycheck? That is what is happening to the workers who are being ignored by the President's proposal, ignored by the Republican majority in this Chamber.  Look at these benefits: Typical middle-income taxpayers, adjusted gross incomes up to $38,000--that is at the lower end of middle income, I am sure--$265 a year under President Bush's proposal for tax breaks. Now look at those with incomes over $1 million a year: Under President Bush's proposal, those making over $1 million a year will get almost $89,000 in tax breaks. Think about that. When a citizen has $80,000 in income a month coming in, how big a difference in your life is $89,000?  Somebody said the other day in one of the articles, the President is standing up for minorities in America. Sure, the minority being millionaires.  Why in the world are we not standing up for the working people across this country? In my State and across the Nation, they are struggling to make ends meet. They are trying to pay the bills. These are folks who have seen their retirement income shrinking. If they are members of labor unions, they have seen their pension benefits threatened. Struggling working families in America are people who need tax breaks as well.  Take the cost of health insurance. What do you think about that? Have you paid any attention to what is happening, whether you are small business, large business, or labor union? It is breaking the bank. In my State, construction workers with good jobs, with good paychecks, come to me and say: Another year has gone by, we have $1.50 more an hour under our contract, and I don't see a penny of it in take-home pay; it is being gobbled up by health insurance.  At General Electric, the employees called a strike because of the cost of health insurance.  And the President is saying, let's not worry about those folks, let's worry about the millionaires and give them $89,000 in additional tax breaks. Why in the world are we not giving tax benefits to help working families and small businesses cope with the real expenses of life?  My colleague, Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, has a proposal, which I cosponsor, which allows the deductibility of college education expenses. That just makes sense to me. A new couple with a new baby, and you go see them and say: Looks like his dad. Looks like his mom. Is he sleeping at night? Are you starting to save money for college for this little baby? The first thing that comes to mind: You know how expensive it is. Why in the world, if we are talking about tax breaks to help people, to spark the economy, aren't we talking about things like that--breaks for small businesses to offer health insurance, breaks for families so they can pay for their kids' college education expenses, reductions in the payroll tax that would help every single American across the board. No way.  When this President takes a look at it, he cannot even see those people. The only people he sees are those making $1 million a year; $89,000 in tax breaks for them. That is not fair.  Let me tell you about something that troubles me greatly. Not only are the President's tax breaks unfair in terms of whom they help--not a stimulus, because they do not take place in the first year--the thing that troubles me greatly is we are returning to that era of deficits in America that we had under Presidents Reagan and Bush and the first few years of President Clinton: Red ink as far as the eye can see.  When you ask the Bush Cabinet, Aren't you worried about the deficits you are going to create with this tax program the President is proposing, they say that deficit is ``manageable.'' Manageable--$350 billion in deficit?  Let me tell you what we are doing. We are betraying two generations with the President's economic stimulus package. The first generation we are betraying is the baby boomers who within a few years are going to show up for Social Security and Medicare. For their entire lives, as long as they have worked, they have dutifully paid every single hour of every day of work into the Social Security trust fund with the understanding that when they were eligible for Social Security, it would be there and Medicare would be there. But the President's proposal is taking money--in this case, $933 billion over 10 years--out of the Social Security trust fund, just at the baby boomers are looking for their benefits. At a time when the largest number of retirees come in, President Bush is taking more money out of the Social Security trust fund to make it more difficult to meet our obligation. Will we meet it? We will, but at the expense of everything else in our Government--at the expense of education, at the expense of prescription drugs, at the expense of helping families pay for their basic education needs and basic needs of their family. These are the topics central to this debate.  The second generation we are betraying is our children. President Bush's proposal betrays the generation of our children. Why do I say that? They have to pay off this debt. All this money that we are borrowing at this point in time in our history has to be paid back, or at least interest on it to service it over the years. The Republicans, fiscal conservatives, watchdogs of the Treasury, are digging us into this deep deficit of red ink so we can give tax breaks to the wealthiest people in America. How can that make sense?  Let me add another perspective. This is a time when usually a country cinches its belt, takes a view toward reality, and is prepared to sacrifice. We are in the midst of a war on terrorism.  I ask unanimous consent for 2 additional minutes.  