President, I listened carefully to the arguments made by the Senator from Pennsylvania. I would say the vast majority of the arguments he made had nothing to do with my amendment. He has made arguments on behalf of the underlying bill, and that is his right. I defend his right to do it. But I come back to a discussion of my amendment.  The Senator from Pennsylvania has argued that because we use the term ``risk'' in this amendment that it is so hard to understand or define, it really does not present any kind of protection. Let me read it for the record. We say in this amendment we will prohibit all late-term abortions--that is, abortions after a fetus is viable--unless two medical doctors certify--and one has to be a nonattending physician, in other words, an expert brought in for consultation--that continuing the pregnancy would threaten the mother's life--that is fairly straightforward--or risk grievous injury to her physical health.  The Senator from Pennsylvania says: I just don't understand what you could mean by ``risk grievous injury to her physical health.'' The fact of a pregnancy is a risk.  That certainly is true. But to argue that each pregnancy is a risk of grievous physical injury is to overstate it and to ignore section 1535 where grievous injury is defined.  Keep in mind, the doctors who have to certify in writing that you are dealing with a viable fetus and there is a risk of grievous physical injury have their medical licenses on the line. Their right to practice medicine is on the line. If it is found they have misstated the facts concerning this pregnancy, they could lose their medical license. Do you think a doctor is likely to take that lightly? I don't. A doctor is likely to take that seriously.  Then read what we say about grievous physical injury. We define it as follows: It means a severely debilitating disease or impairment, specifically caused or exacerbated by the pregnancy or an inability to provide necessary treatment for a life-threatening condition.  There is a limitation which the Senator from Pennsylvania has not added into his argument. Listen to this limitation. The term grievous injury does not include any condition that is not medically diagnosable or--this is the important part--any condition for which termination of the pregnancy is not medically indicated.  You have to link up the continued pregnancy and the grievous physical injury in order to justify this late-term abortion. That is a fact. That is clearly written.  For the Senator to dismiss this and say, risk of grievous physical injury, that doesn't mean anything, any doctor would sign that, the doctor has his medical license on the line as to whether or not that fetus is viable, as to whether or not there really is a threat to the woman's life, as to whether or not there is a risk of grievous physical injury. His medical license is on the line, and it spells it out specifically in the amendment.  To think some doctor is going to just say: I will just sign that for my buddy, the abortionist, I don't believe so. Both doctors have too much at stake.  Let me go on to his underlying bill where he spent most of his time in argument. I understand it. The Senator from Pennsylvania feels very passionately about this issue. I know it. I have listened to him. I believe it, and I respect it. We see it differently, but I respect him for it.  I have grown weary, and I think the people who prepare the Congressional Record have grown weary of our submitting into the Record a direct rebuttal of the statement he repeats on the floor over and over and over again. Show me one doctor, not an abortionist, but one doctor who tells you this is medically necessary.  Well, I have already submitted them for the Record: The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. They have said it. They have said this may not be the only procedure to save the life or preserve the health of a woman, but it may be the best, the most appropriate procedure in a particular circumstance. That is not good enough for the Senator from Pennsylvania.  First, he is mistaken if he does not believe obstetricians and gynecologists are medical physicians. They are. You have to be a medical doctor, board certified, in order to be part of this American College, and they have said it. They have made it clear. They are not so-called abortionists, which is a term developed here as part of the debate. These are people who do many other things with their lives, working with women for their health as well as for the delivery of their children. They have said the Senator from Pennsylvania is just wrong.  They are not alone. This has already been entered into the Record. I will not belabor the point. But Dr. Stewart from the University of California at San Francisco says the same thing. She says, after considering this procedure, this could turn out to be the best approach for some women facing very serious medical problems related to their pregnancy.  The Senator from Pennsylvania went on to say, not one person testified this procedure was medically necessary. I hasten to remind him, we put it in the Record early this morning, not one person testified because this bill was not brought before a committee. This bill came directly to the floor without any hearings, without any testimony from anybody.  I could stand here and say: Not one person testified on behalf of your amendment, not one doctor. You couldn't find one single doctor who testified on behalf of this bill, S. 3. That is technically correct because there was never a committee hearing.  So let's make it clear: Not one doctor testified for or against S. 3. This amendment came directly to us without any committee testimony.  Then the Senator from Pennsylvania spends a great deal of time arguing this procedure is harmful to women and those who are defending it--this is the procedure of his bill, nothing to do with my amendment--this procedure is harmful to women. I want to tell the Senator from Pennsylvania I have very limited expertise in anything. But before I came to the Senate, or to Congress, I was a practicing trial lawyer and spent many years defending doctors in medical malpractice cases, and suing them. I have been on both sides, representing plaintiffs and doctors who were defendants. So I know a little bit about medical malpractice.  I will tell you this. Can you imagine in this day and age any doctor is going to take part in a procedure that the Senator from Pennsylvania sees as so clearly harmful to women? How crazy could you be to subject yourself to the liability of a woman suing you because you chose a procedure that was harmful to her, as opposed to one that was safer for her. That just doesn't pass the smirk test. Doctors think twice. We hear about defensive medicine. They think about procedures and what is the safest procedure, the procedure least likely to expose them to liability in a court of law.  For the Senator from Pennsylvania to suggest these doctors ignore that and walk in and practice medicine that is harmful to women, without a concern, is to ignore the obvious. Medical malpractice cases are found in every State in the Union and substantial verdicts result from them. So I argue that common sense suggests if this were the most harmful procedure, the so-called partial-birth abortion, very few doctors would ever consider using the procedure and running the risk of exposing themselves to a medical malpractice case.  I would like to, if I can for a few minutes, go back to my amendment because most of what the Senator from Pennsylvania had to say didn't relate to my amendment at all. Here is where I think we come down. The Senator from Pennsylvania has had laser-like intensity focusing on one abortion procedure. He is troubled by it; he is pained by it. It is clear from his voice that it affects him very much, and I respect him for that. Thank goodness people fight for their convictions, even if I disagree with him on this. Please, I say to the Senator, step back and look at my amendment in a larger context. I am not just prohibiting the procedure you find objectionable. I am prohibiting that procedure and all other abortion procedures, postviability. So if, instead of using the dilation and extraction--partial-birth abortion--there is an effort to use some other procedure to terminate abortion after a fetus is viable, it is prohibited by my amendment, except in two specific cases: where the life of the mother is at stake and where there is a risk of grievous physical injury.  I suggest to the Senator if your goal in service on this issue is to limit the number of abortion procedures in America, reduce the likelihood of abortions being performed, you will achieve that goal more with my amendment than with your bill. Your bill is strictly focused on one extraordinary and rare procedure. Mine is focused on all procedures, postviability. You would have to say in fairness, just by the simple numbers of abortion procedures, my amendment is going to affect more abortion procedures and limit more abortion procedures than yours.  Why am I willing to do this? Because despite the fact I am pro-choice, I do believe, when it comes to postviability abortions, we really should draw a straight line.  My wife and I have been blessed with three wonderful kids. It has been a long time since we had a new baby in the house, and a long time since I watched my wife grow large in pregnancy. But I can remember the seventh, eighth, and ninth months. Most fathers and husbands can. At that point in time, there is no doubt about it, your wife is about to have a baby and it is very visible and, in many cases, she is very great with child, as they say. I really believe in those cases you should not terminate a pregnancy, except under the most extraordinary of situations. That is why we spell it out. That is why we require two doctors to certify it in writing. That is why we say to these doctors: Your medical license is on the line if you misrepresent the facts of this pregnancy. That is pretty serious, and that is why people across the abortion spectrum, pro-choice, pro-life, have come to this amendment and said this is a reasonable approach.  I am never going to convince my colleague and friend from Pennsylvania. He is passionately focused, laser-like focused on this procedure, and I will concede to him that, pre-viability, that procedure could be used under the Durbin amendment. I think those cases are rare. But I hope he will step back for a second and be honest about what this amendment could achieve. I think it is a positive thing. I think it is something many of us would feel makes real progress in dealing with this issue.  Make no mistake, I have spoken to people on the phone today, some of the strongest pro-choice organizations. They don't want the Durbin amendment to pass because they feel, as you have described, that if you did that, it is just the beginning of an exception to Roe v. Wade. I don't think it is an exception that is inconsistent with Roe v. Wade. I think it says we are going to consider the health of the mother, but only in the most exceptional circumstances, where grievous physical injury is at issue.  I might also add we did not include the phrase ``mental health.'' As Senator Collins, my cosponsor, said earlier, to say that a woman late in her pregnancy--the seventh, eighth, or ninth month--argues she is suddenly in depression and therefore a viable fetus that could survive should be terminated is something I cannot personally accept. I am sorry, I cannot accept that. I will concede the point that if a woman suffering from a serious mental illness is suicidal and her life may be at risk. That would be the most extreme case, but that would be the only linkage I can think of that would justify the termination of a pregnancy that late in the pregnancy. That is the only one that comes to my mind.  So we have made this exception for physical health, grievous physical injury, or the life of the mother. I will not submit these statements again for the Record, but I believe ample evidence has been given as part of this debate that the obstetricians and gynecologists say do not pass the underlying bill, that medical doctors, such as Dr. Stewart, have written letters that suggest the same.  I yield the floor.  