I also have quotes from Republican Senators who screamed in outrage every time that happened.  S. 11 is too important for us to consider without deliberation. It is too important for us to ignore that this bill is an historic precedent. It will take away from States across America the power they have had from the beginning of this Republic to establish standards for procedure and recovery in civil lawsuits.  That is something that, honestly, we do very rarely around here. If we do it, if we consider it, as we are right now, for example, on the asbestos issue, it is with a long and deliberative process. Not so when it comes to medical malpractice. This is being brought to the floor on a take-it-or-leave-it basis. When you say take it or leave it, I hope my colleagues will leave it because the thought that we would limit recovery to $250,000 for pain and suffering for every case defies logic, common sense, and compassion. If you are looking for compassionate conservatives, you won't find them in those supporting this bill.  Let me give one illustration. This poor lady is from the city of Chicago. She had two moles on the side of her face. She went to an outstanding hospital to have the moles removed. She is about 50 years of age. During the course of the simple surgery, she was receiving oxygen. They were using a cauterizing gun, which you are not supposed to do. As a consequence, there was an explosion with the oxygen. Her face was literally burned off because of the fire which happened.  Her nose was so burned and scarred, she went through several successive surgeries and, even after those surgeries, has to rely on oxygen tubes to breathe 23 hours a day. It is anticipated she will go through more surgeries to deal with the scarring and disfigurement and problems she has had. She is in her fifties. She went in for simple surgery. She came out disfigured for life.  According to this bill, the hospital and doctor responsible for it should both come together and pay her medical bills. I certainly hope so. If she bought health insurance to cover her own medical bills, that would be brought up in the courtroom, so that the jury might not believe she receives quite as much money because her payment of health insurance, frankly, would be used against her. She would receive lost wages for time off the job. That is reasonable. But when it comes to the pain and suffering she will endure and has endured from the moment this occurred until the day she dies, the jury of the Senate has reached a verdict through this bill: She is entitled to recover not one penny more than $250,000 for a lifetime of disfigurement.  She wrote an article in the Chicago Sun-Times and said: How many of you would trade what I went through for $250,000? The answer, obviously, is no one. No one would.  For those who come before us today and say this is the only way we can deal with the medical malpractice insurance crisis is to ignore what happened to this woman who went in for routine surgery and saw her life tragically changed. That is what is wrong with the bill.  What we need to do is to be honest about addressing malpractice. I have not heard one word from the other side of the aisle on how we can reduce medical errors. What can we do about HMO insurance companies making medical decisions when in fact doctors know better? It is happening. This bill does nothing about that.  What can we do about the nursing shortage which accounts for 20 percent of the deaths in hospitals each year for malpractice? Nurses overworked. They can't keep up with the caseload, the patients coming. This bill does nothing about that.  