Time after time he came back and said: Well, I have to read all of the pleadings that were filed and all the briefs that were filed before I would hazard an opinion upon this.  Similarly, when Senator Schumer asked him what I thought to be a perfectly reasonable question, one that had been asked by Republican Senators of Clinton nominees, repeatedly he refused to answer. The question was one that you would dream of in a constitutional law course in law school. The question was: Name a Supreme Court decision in the last 40 years--or a followup question, at any time in its history--that you would find objectionable.  If that were the question on the final at law school, you would breathe a sigh of relief. You can think of one case with which you disagree. But this man, seeking a lifetime appointment to the second highest court in the land, would not answer that question.  I asked: Which Federal court judge, living or dead, would you emulate or admire on the bench? He went on to say, first, that he could not name a single Federal court judge, living or dead, he would try to emulate on the bench.  He then, in later response to the same question, said: I admire some of the Federal Court Justices I have worked with. I can understand that. That is a reasonable response.  But do you understand how we, sitting on this side of the table, are saying how can this man, who is clearly a gifted individual with extraordinary legal talent, be so afraid to share with us one Supreme Court case that he disagrees with?  That was a question Senator Sessions asked of Richard Paez, and I don't believe a Democrat stood up and said: That is not fair. You have gone too far.  It is a reasonable question. It gives you insight. Is he going to mention Brown v. Board of Education? Is he going to mention Roe v. Wade? What case is he going to mention? He wouldn't mention one. Doesn't that trouble you? I ask my colleague and friend, doesn't that trouble you, that someone who is seeking that kind of legal appointment wouldn't be honest and candid with you? For the sake of yielding to my colleague for a questionand for him to answer my question, I will yield.  