HATCH. I think I just gave two illustrations that certainly were questions of law that could come before thecourt. I might add Mr. Estrada was asked to criticize Supreme Court cases. Here a Supreme Court advocate who has to appear before the nine Justices on the Court is asked to criticize Supreme Court cases that he will be bound to follow as a circuit court judge.  By the way, if I recall it correctly, the distinguished Senator from Illinois just a short while ago was criticizing Mr. Estrada because in the whole history of American jurisprudence, from the beginning to the end, he couldn't come up with cases like Dred Scott, Plessy v. Ferguson, but the question, if you read in the record was, in the last 40 years, could you tell us three cases you disagreed with.  I believe he could have, maybe. I don't know. But when you are under pressure and you are sitting there and you are trying to answer questions, I don't think we should hold him to a standard that he has to meet these questions head on and absolutely come up with spur-of-the-moment comments. I mean, I can come up with some, I am sure, right off the bat, but that was the last 40 years. There were three references to it, twice referring to 40 years. The middle one between the two I am sure he felt he was talking about the last 40 years, not the whole history of jurisprudence. The first case that has come to your mind perhaps would be Dred Scott; certainly Plessy v. Ferguson. Could you name a whole raft of others, perhaps. I don't know. I don't know how I would do if I was sitting there under pressure as Miguel Estrada was.  He is a young man. He has a lot of experience. He can talk about current Supreme Court law as well as anybody in our existence. The fact is, I thought it was kind of unfair to try and hold him to that particular standard. I am not criticizing my friend from Illinois, but to go back and read the record, you will find that was what the questions were.  Now, regarding judicial nominees, Mr. Cutler has stated in unequivocal terms that candidates should decline to reply when efforts are made to find out how they would decide a particular case.  I would have trouble with a nominee if the nominee did try to reply in those cases. In his opinion, that is Mr. Cutler's opinion, ``what is most important is the appointment of judges who are learned in the law''--certainly, Estrada is as learned in the law as anybody we have had before the committee--``who are conscientious in their work ethic''--my gosh, you can't find any fault with Mr. Estrada there; he is a hard worker--``and who possess what lawyers describe as judicial temperament.''  We have heard some criticize Mr. Estrada because they think he might have a temper. I think everybody in this body might have a temper. That is one heck of a poor allegation.  Mr. Estrada's academic achievement, his professional accomplishments, his letters of support we received from his colleagues, many of whom are Democrats and top Democrats at that, and his ABA rating, the highest the American Bar Association can give, ``unanimously well qualified,'' all indicate Mr. Estrada fits this description and deserves our vote of confirmation--this description of none other than Lloyd Cutler.  At the same hearing at which Mr. Cutler made his statements about the appropriate scope of the inquiry for confirming judicial nominees, another legal luminary, one of the great lawyers in this town, a man I think almost all of us look up to--certainly I do, and I think I am in a position to know great lawyers when I see them--Boyden Gray, testified for Mr. Estrada. Mr. Gray, of course, served as White House counsel in the first Bush administration.  During his testimony, he told us that two Democratic Senators who are former Judiciary Committee chairmen met with him very early in the administration to let him know in no uncertain terms that if the White House was caught asking any potential nominee any questions about specific cases, that nominee would be flatly rejected.  As Mr. Gray pointed out, that same philosophy is reflected in the Judiciary Committee questionnaire which all judicial nominees must complete before the committee will act on their nominations. It is an extensive questionnaire. The questionnaire asks:       Has anyone involved in the process of selecting you as a      judicial nominee discussed with you any specific case, legal      issue, or question in a manner that could reasonably be      interpreted as asking or seeking a commitment as to how      you would rule in such a case, issue, or question?  The clear goal of this question is to deter the White House from getting commitments from potential nominees on how they would rule in specific cases or commitments that they can overrule certain Supreme Court cases. It now appears certain Senate Democrats want to forbid the White House from asking nominees how they would rule on specific issues while reserving that right for themselves. That seems a little inconsistent to me. Call it what you will, but this is a double standard if I have ever seen one.  More fundamentally, it threatens the very independence of the Federal judiciary that our constitutional system of checks and balances was designed to preserve.  Let's face it--too many questions in the confirmation hearings of President Bush's judicial nominees seem calculated politically to manipulate the judicial selection process and to frustrate the appointment of judges who would refuse to follow a popular or politically popular course when the Constitution and settled judicial precedent provide otherwise.  Miguel Estrada was right not to fall into the trap of criticizing particular Supreme Court cases that he may be called upon as a sitting Federal judge to uphold. My colleagues should be commending him for this, not proffering it as a reason to vote against his confirmation.  Another weapon in the Democrat handbook is to, as we can see here, seek all unpublished opinions. This all came from that retreat: Bottle up the nominees as much as you can in committee. I think that even goes further--bottle them up on the floor, too. We will get to that. Inject ideology into the confirmation process so you can say this fellow just isn't what we want on the court. Seek all unpublished opinions. Let's talk about that.  For some nominees who have been judges for a decade or more, this demand has resulted in the production of hundreds of opinions and required the expenditure of a significant amount of Federal dollars, of resources, of money, of effort, and of time. All the time judges spend producing unpublished opinions meant they were not spending that time adjudicating cases before them.  While demands for unpublished opinions were outstanding, the Democrats in control of the committee had a perfect excuse for not acting on their nominations. But the fact is that these nominees had ample records on which to evaluate their qualifications for the Federal bench without seeking their unpublished opinions and diverting them from doing their job to be judges to satisfy the whim of a few Democratic Senators.  I remember in the case of, I believe, Dennis Shedd--who is now confirmed to the circuit court of appeals in his district--they asked for all of his unpublished opinions which were, as I recall, in Atlanta, GA, and what was the reason? It was only to see if they could dig up something that would be against Dennis Shedd. Unpublished opinions? My gosh, I don't ever remember when we did that. But that was a tool that was used throughout the process to delay. It was an expensive tool to the taxpayers, with no real good fruit coming from it.  I will refer to the fourth one here. Another weapon is to demand that the nominee produce internal memoranda that are not within the nominee's control. Isn't that an interesting one? We Democrats demand that you produce your internal memoranda that you made, and did the research on, and that you wrote while you served the Federal Government--even though you don't control that and even though it is tightly controlled--or should I say those memoranda are tightly controlled.  We saw the debut of this weapon to obstruct the confirmation of Mr. Estrada, and I expect we will see it again. I don't believe a day of this debate has gone by without one Democratic colleague complaining that there is an ``incomplete record'' on him without the record he offered as an Assistant Solicitor General of the United States.  This complaint ignores many facts. First, every living Solicitor General opposes the Democratic efforts to obtain these memoranda. Second, both the Washington Post and the Wall Street Journal--many would say they are on opposite sides of the fence--also oppose these efforts. Third, this demand for internal Department of Justice memoranda is unprecedented, as the Department itself has explained in a lengthy letter.  Finally, this demand for internal memoranda ignores the abundant record of Mr. Estrada. This man has argued 15 cases before the U.S. Supreme Court. He won 10 of them. In each one of those cases, he authored a brief that anybody can get ahold of. In each one of those cases, there is a transcript of the oral arguments that anyone can get ahold of. Certainly, members of the Senate Judiciary Committee can get ahold of them. Surely, my Democratic colleagues can evaluate Mr. Estrada's legal reasoning and fitness for the Federal appellate bench by examining these briefs and transcripts.  Each weapon of obstruction that I have mentioned was most potent when the Democrats controlled the Judiciary Committee. Now things have changed. Democrats no longer control the committee and, as a result, Miguel Estrada's nomination is being debated on the Senate floor. This means that the Senate Democrats must turn to their ultimate weapon of obstruction. I am going to peel off that last one. The ultimate weapon is the filibuster.  Well, filibuster is a potent but extreme weapon to rely upon for the defeat of a judicial nominee. It is potent because it requires a supermajority of 60 votes by 60 Senators to end it. It is extreme because it unduly politicizes the Federal judiciary, the one branch intended to be insulated from political pressure. Let's go through these again. At the retreat, these law professors, who should have known better but are more interested in ideology, in partisanship, Democratic Party politics, in control of the judiciary, made these recommendations: Bottle up nominees in committee. We saw a lot of that when they were in control. Now they cannot do that anymore, except that I suspect that because the Judiciary Committee has a rule that once these nominees are put on a markup, any member of the committee can put them over for a week, we will see that right exercised in every case. At least, we have so far. So bottle them up in committee. Then inject ideology into the confirmation process because, by doing that, you can say I disagree with you and maybe you think you have a right to vote against him.  Look, we don't know how any nominee is going to vote once they become a judge; it is a lifetime appointment. It is important to ask questions and try to do what we can to understand whether the nominee is capable or should be confirmed. To inject ideology into the confirmation process is a very dangerous thing. Thirdly, seek all unpublished opinions. That is the ultimate delay tactic, at a tremendous cost to the taxpayers. I don't remember in the past where that was done, except it may have been done in a case where they were critical to the final determination. But it is done today because they want fishing expeditions, or they wanted them to see if they could find some reason to oppose. Then, seek privileged internal memoranda.  Can you imagine what would happen to the Solicitor General's Office if secret memoranda that were used to determine what the Solicitor General should do would be disclosed to the public in every case? Can you imagine how that would chill getting responsible, accurate, and honest opinions, so that the Solicitor General can rely upon them? Anybody who wanted to be a Federal judge would have to think, how can I write this so it won't come back to haunt me in the future rather than, how can I write this to do it right and help my Solicitor General. And then the ultimate weapon, if you cannot do anything else, is the filibuster.  Now, to filibuster a nominee would be an unprecedented, dangerous weapon to use. As best I can tell, a true filibuster has never been used to defeat a circuit court nominee. In fact, no filibuster has been used to defeat a circuit court nominee. Its contemplated use now against Miguel Estrada's nomination has been soundly criticized. I was told a short while ago that my colleagues on the other side have decided to filibuster. I don't believe the reasonable people on the Democratic side are going to resort to that type of a weapon. But if they do, they will be following the advice of these law professors who have never been Senators and who are from the far left of the political and legal spectrum.  The filibuster is an unprecedented and very dangerous weapon, never before used to defeat a circuit court nominee. In fact, it has never been used to defeat a district court nominee either. Let me go a little bit further here.  Just last week, the Washington Post, our local newspaper--but national in scope--declared:       [A] world in which filibusters serve as an active      instrument of nomination politics is not one either party      should want.  That was February 5--last week. The Post is absolutely right. Once we go down that road, that works both ways. I would not want it to, but it naturally will.  The Wall Street Journal concurred in the Washington Post's sentiment. You can see the quote:       Filibusters against judges are almost unheard of. . . . If      Republicans let Democrats get away with this abuse of the      system now, it will happen again and again.  Mr. President, copies of these editorials have been printed in the Record.  Filibusters of judicial nominees allow a few Members of this body to block the confirmation of any Federal judge, a prospective member of our third coequal branch of Government.  I have taken to the floor time and again for Democratic and Republican nominees alike to urge my fellow Senators to end debate by voting to invoke cloture which requires the vote of 60 Senators. Most, if not all, of these occasions did not represent true filibusters but were situations in which nominees were, nevertheless, forced to overcome a procedural obstacle of a cloture vote.  I am not alone in my disdain for forcing judicial nominees to a cloture vote. The distinguished minority leader himself once said, on this double standard for the use of the weapons, Democrat leader Tom Daschle, one of my friends and a person for whom I have a lot of respect:       As Chief Justice Rehnquist has recognized: ``The Senate is      surely under no obligation to confirm any particular nominee,      but after the necessary time for inquiry it should vote him      up or vote him down.'' An up-or-down vote, that is all we      ask.  I think that was wise advice then, and I think it is wise advice now.  The ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, my friend Senator Patrick Leahy, said:       I, too, do not want to see the Senate go down a path where      a minority of the Senate is determining a judge's fate on      votes of 41.  In other words, 41 Senators can stop any judge once that road is taken. And once we go down that path, that will be a doggone mess and a doggone tragedy to this country.  Another one of my Democratic colleagues, himself a former chairman of the Judiciary Committee and a friend of mine, Senator Ted Kennedy, had this to say:       Nominees deserve a vote. If our Republican colleagues don't      like them, vote against them. But don't just sit on them--     that's obstruction of justice.  He was right then and that quote is right today. Of course, each of my Democratic colleagues made these remarks when a Democratic President was appointing judicial nominees. It appears that if they filibuster this nominee on the thinnest of excuses--in fact, I do not think they have any reasons to, other than their fear that he is a Hispanic conservative Republican who may not rule the way they want him to rule in the future and who may some day be considered for the Supreme Court of the United States of America--it appears there must be a double standard for the use of these weapons.  Let me tell you the origin of the word ``filibuster'' because that is an important word here today. It comes from the Spanish word ``filibustero,'' meaning a pirating or hijacking. It is just one more obstruction that has never been used in the case of Federal judges, for either the circuit court of appeals or for the district court.  That is exactly what an unprecedented filibuster of this nominee wouldbe: A hijacking of the Senate. What it amounts to is two more simple English words: More obstruction.  There was one true filibuster in the history of the Senate--I have to acknowledge that--and that was a filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee, Abe Fortas, back in 1968, if I recall it correctly. There was a bipartisan filibuster. There were plenty of Democrats and plenty of Republicans who voted against cloture in that case. I think they were wrong, whoever voted that way. Richard Nixon was for allowing the vote to go forward without a filibuster. But the Senate wisely has never utilized a true filibuster since that day. To use it on this nominee because some have said he is not Hispanic enough, to use it on this nominee because some have said he does not have any judicial experience--although Miguel Estrada was a clerk to Amalya Kearse of the Second Circuit Court of Appeals and a clerk to Justice Anthony Kennedy on the Supreme Court of the United States of America, and has argued 15 cases before that august body and numerous cases elsewhere. It seems to me he has a lot of judicial experience, though he has not sat on the bench.  If we take that opinion, then that virtually consigns almost every Hispanic in this country, probably most African Americans--in fact, probably everybody of a minority status--to never being a Federal judge because most Hispanics have never sat on a bench. There are those who have, admittedly. Most African Americans have never sat on a bench, although there have been some on lower court benches in the State courts particularly, and even in the Federal courts. But it basically says you cannot make it if you have to have served as a judge before, no matter how brilliant you are. There are brilliant African Americans. There are brilliant Hispanics. There are brilliant Native Americans. There are brilliant Asian Americans. And we have brilliant people who have never served as a judge who might have this opportunity some day that Miguel Estrada hopefully will have.  Others have used other phony arguments against Miguel Estrada, such as he did not answer all the questions. That is par for the course. I do not know many contested judicial nomination proceedings where all the questions have been answered the way the questioners expected them to be answered.  Then they say: We cannot get hold of all these documents because he did them confidentially while he worked at the Solicitor General's Office, even though four of those seven living Solicitors General who are opposed to that type of release of documents are leading Democrats in this country. They will not even listen to their own leading Democrats, let alone leading Republicans.  I am just imploring my colleagues on the other side: Do not go down the terrible path of filibustering this nominee or any other nominee. It is not only dangerous, it would establish a precedent that literally would be offensive to the country, offensive to the Constitution, offensive to the judicial system, offensive to the third branch of Government, and offensive to any reasonable person who believes the President's nominees ought to get a fair hearing and they ought to get a vote up or down on the Senate floor. That is where we make that determination.  If the Democrats have enough votes to defeat Miguel Estrada, I am not going to complain about it. I might feel badly about it, and I might say it was the wrong thing to do, but they have a right to do that. If we have enough votes on this side, with hopefully the help of a number of our friends on the other side, then that is the way it should be. Miguel Estrada should go on that bench.  Unfortunately, I believe one of the arguments that is flitting around in the background in the penumbras and emanations of the Senate is he might some day be asked to be the first Hispanic on the U.S. Supreme Court, and that is the real reason, among a few others that are not valid as well, for the slowdown in a vote on Miguel Estrada.  Mr. President, I do not think we should have a filibuster, or a pirating or hijacking of the judicial process. I think it would be a terrific mistake for Democrats to do. Every Republican is going to vote for Miguel Estrada, and I believe a number of Democrats will as well--I hope a great number of them will--and they ought to have that right, right here on the floor.  If my colleagues who disagree do not like it, they can speak out. They can give their reasons, and they can vote no. That will be what they should do if they feel sincerely about this. Politics ought to be left out of it. The fact that they suspect Miguel Estrada may not be exactly the way they would want a judge to act on their issues--I do not know whether he will or will not, to be honest, but if the mere suspicion is enough to vote against him without any real basis otherwise, then I think we are treading on some very dangerous ground.  I believe in Miguel Estrada. I believe this President is doing everything in his power to reach out to people of color in this country. I believe we ought to help him. He certainly has indicated his desire to do so, and he certainly has been doing it. This is a President who has put a number of Democrats on the Federal bench. I think he wants to make sure we fill these seats and we get them done as best we can. Naturally, any President worth his or her salt is going to try to appoint people who, hopefully, agree with him or her. I think that is the nature of the process, and that is what we get when we elect a President; we get that President's nominations to the various Federal courts.  This President is very sincere and has approached it probably less politically than Presidents, Republican and Democrat, whom I have seen in the past. He deserves support. He deserves to be treated fairly. His nominees deserve to be treated fairly. Above all, Miguel Estrada should be treated fairly. If the ``filibustero'' occurs, I guarantee he is not being treated fairly.  