President, I am also calling on Secretary Rumsfeld to investigate and respond as quickly as possible on whether the helicopter that was shot down on Sunday had on board a fully operational ALQ-156 system with an automatic flare dispenser and whether it had seat armor. I also believe we need to know the status of the other helicopters in this unit in reference to protective equipment, and what steps are being taken to protect the crews and passengers in those that are not properly equipped. I understand the ALQ-156 system is intended to protect against the expected threat from surface-to-air missiles, but may not be effective against other missiles in the theater.  I am also asking the Secretary if that ALQ-156 is adequate for the expected threat in Iraq. If not, I would like to know when the helicopters will receive the upgraded equipment and his assessment of the risk to military personnel of flying without such upgraded equipment.  I find the reports I am receiving from military sources about the lack of protective equipment on these helicopters to be alarming and unacceptable. We know what a dangerous environment Iraq is. The threats from surface-to-air missiles were well known even before this tragic crash. The helicopter that was shot down was not on a mission directed against regime remnants or terrorists. It was transporting soldiers to the airport in Baghdad so they could leave for R  We will not know for sure how it was shot down or how it was equipped until the investigation is completed. This tragedy highlights the fact that protective equipment cannot only be reserved for missions in the fight. Every mission is in the fight in Iraq today.  The Senate passed the Iraq supplemental appropriations conference report yesterday with more than $87 billion for equipment for our troops in Iraq. If the funds are not adequate to protect our troops and aircraft, the Congress must be advised immediately. If there is a shortage of equipment, we must act immediately to secure it.  The dangers of war are well documented. Every soldier, sailor, marine, and airman should know this Government has done everything in its power to protect them, keep them safe, and give them everything they need so they can complete their mission and come home safely.  We have given this administration every dollar for which they have asked. Now they must give our soldiers what they need to be safe and successful--the protective gear and body armor they need--as they work on the ground among dangerous situations. Armor is needed for the Humvees to protect them from rocket-propelled grenades, and they need state-of-the-art equipment to protect our helicopters from shoulder-fired missiles.  I call upon the Secretary to address these shortages immediately and to investigate fully whether the helicopter that was shot down and all of the helicopters in Iraq are adequately protected. We owe this to our men and women in uniform and to their families who pray for their safe return.  I yield the floor.  