President, I will speak briefly to the substance of this amendment.  This amendment adds $180 million to the U.S. effort to fight the global AIDS epidemic. I believe future generations will judge our work by many standards. One of the first tests of public service will be what we did to respond to the most devastating epidemic in history. The challenge of global AIDS is a challenge to each and every one of us blessed with good health, a bountiful life, and a conscience. Today, with this amendment, the United States will increase its spending on the global AIDS crisis by 50 percent over last year's level. With these dollars, children will not be orphaned, communities will have hope, and we will extend a hand to help the least of our brothers and sisters.  Now we turn to the world community and ask that they join us, increasing their commitment with the United States to this struggle, showing our mutual resolve to commit the resources, the energy, and the leadership to save a world at risk.  I am hoping that by the end of this week, Senator DeWine, Senator Graham of Florida, and a few others will be able to make a trip with me to visit Haiti. As far as my experience is concerned, it is the first time--Senator DeWine has been there many times--to see that the AIDS epidemic is not across the ocean, it is in our backyard. It is in every part of this world. It threatens us from every direction. Once one has seen it face to face, they will never, ever be the same.  Two years ago, I went to Africa and saw it myself. I saw it in Uganda, where I sat on a porch with mothers who were HIV positive, who were gathering scrapbooks, photos, notes, and little memorabilia of their lives to leave to their children who were in the yard playing, children who had been orphaned already, losing one parent, and were about to lose their second parent.  There are 42 million AIDS victims worldwide, most of them in sub-Saharan Africa. When one meets these victims, sees their courage, and sees what little it takes to fight this AIDS epidemic successfully, as they have in Uganda and a few other countries, they realize that our leadership and our commitment at this moment in history can make such a difference.  The United States has again shown leadership with this amendment. I thank Senator Stevens and my colleagues in the Senate for joining what I consider to be a historic moment. We have made a commitment on behalf of our country, which we hope others in the world will join, and in so doing, I believe we can catch, and I hope apprehend, this epidemic before it is out of control, bringing peace and joy to the minds of many who today are suffering around the world.  I thank my colleague Senator DeWine. It has been a genuine joy to work with him on this. I thank him for his commitment.  I ask unanimous consent that Senator Dodd be added as a cosponsor of this amendment as well.  