President, this week appears to be ``Judge Week'' in the Senate. We are going to focus on judicial nominations.  It is interesting, as I traveled across Illinois over the last 2 weeks, not a soul raised a question about Federal judges--the debate here in the Senate. It does not seem to be on the radar screen of average Americans. It is certainly an important issue; it is one that we focus on as political parties, and it is one that I think is timely when we consider the nominees who are before us.  For the average American, it may not mean much, it may not mean much until that day comes that a decision is handed down by a court that has an impact on families across America, and businesses and individuals, because Federal judges have extraordinary power. The men and women we are considering in the Senate are being given lifetime appointments to the Federal bench. If they are good, they will be good for a lifetime; if they are bad, they will be bad for a lifetime. Most of us in the Senate will come and go, and they will still be sitting on the bench with gavel in hand, in their black robes, meting out justice according to their own values. So it is important that we ask questions and make inquiries as to what those values might be.  The judge before us today is Jeffrey Sutton. If you read about Jeffrey Sutton, you find a man of extraordinary intellect. He is a partner in a large Columbus, OH, law firm, and served as State solicitor in Ohio. He is a professor at Ohio State University Law School. He has been a law clerk for Supreme Court Justices Scalia and Powell, and he has done a number of other things which suggest that this is a thoughtful man.  There is no question as to whether he is up to the job intellectually. The question is whether he brings to the job the values that are in the mainstream of America. I would suggest that he does not.  As a result of that, I will oppose his nomination. I would like to spell out exactly why. In the cases he has taken, and the legal arguments he has advanced, Jeffrey Sutton has shown a consistent pattern of insensitivity to civil rights, human rights, and the rights of minorities, women, and the disabled in America.  Time and again, he has asked the Federal courts to remove the authority of Congress to create laws involving individual rights and liberties and to give compensation to those who have been wronged. That is the hallmark of his legal career. That is who Jeffrey Sutton is. That is what he believes.  Given a lifetime appointment to this bench in the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals, we can predict, with some degree of certainty, he will continue in his quest to try to deny those coming before the court the right for a day in court if they happen to be disabled, victims of age discrimination, victims of civil rights discrimination, and the like.  His hearing was held on January 29, with two other controversial nominees: Deborah Cook, also a nominee for the Sixth Circuit, and John Roberts, for the DC Circuit. It was the first time since 1990 that the Judiciary Committee held a hearing on one day for three circuit court nominees. It is unfortunate. We had some time to ask Professor Sutton questions, but not as much time as we needed. I sent some written questions to him and have those responses.  But if you look at the interest in his nomination, you will find an extraordinary lineup of organizations that oppose Jeffrey Sutton. It is hard to believe, but true, that 70 national and nearly 400 local organizations oppose Jeffrey Sutton for confirmation to the Circuit Court of Appeals. Twenty-three of them are based in Illinois. The disability community is particularly alarmed. And you will understand that as I talk about some of the cases he has taken.  In our history, seldom do people stand and announce publicly they are prejudiced. That is not something you hear very often. There are a lot of things people say. Usually the shield, the explanation, and the rationale for prejudice in America is to say: I am standing up for States rights. Boy, that has been the clarion call from those who oppose universal concepts and principles of human rights and civil rights, I guess dating back to our debates in the Senate and the House about slavery, which led to the Civil War. You remember that, of course.  The States argued that the Federal Government could not impose on them a standard relative to slavery; it would be a matter of States rights. It reached such a high peak of anger and frustration that it led to the secession of States, a civil war, and the bloodiest moment in the history of the United States.  The end of that war did not end the debate. Those who continue to oppose civil rights and human rights--whetherthey are for people of color; for those of different ethnic backgrounds, different genders, or sexual orientation; or for those with certain disabilities--never stand up and say: I am really prejudiced against these people; I just don't like these people. They say: No, no, we are for States rights. We don't believe the Federal Government should have a standard across America for all people who are in this category. We think each State should make up a standard.  That is what former Senator Hubert Humphrey referred to as ``the shadow of civil rights''--a shadow cast over America after the Civil War, until Brown v. Board of Education, a case handed down in 1954 across the street at the U.S. Supreme Court. It was finally after that decision that, as Senator Humphrey once said, we came out of the shadow of civil rights into the bright sunshine of human rights.  Jeffrey Sutton has never come out from under that shadow. In fact, he has made a legal career of extending that shadow over more and more Americans so that they would have less likelihood of prevailing when they were discriminated against. While Mr. Sutton's record is devoid of obvious manifestations of prejudice, his vision of a Federal Government with diminished power to enforce civil rights would achieve the goals of those who oppose equality.  Mr. Sutton has been front and center in some of the most important Supreme Court cases of our generation. He personally argued five of the most significant cases in the past decade before the Supreme Court. That attests to his legal skill, but it certainly speaks volumes, as well, as to what is in his heart, what he believes, and where he would stand as a judge if confronted with similar issues. And in every one of these cases, Jeffrey Sutton asked the Supreme Court to restrict the rights of the disabled, women, the elderly, the poor, and racial and ethnic minorities. He is consistent and, from my point of view, consistently wrong.  Consistently he has argued before the Supreme Court to take away the power of individuals to recover for discrimination. One of the most glaring cases is the Board of Trustees of the University of Alabama v. Garrett. I took a look at the published decision in this case because I wanted to read specifically what was at issue.  We can talk a lot about States' rights and discrimination, and the Americans with Disabilities Act, but let me read you what was at issue in this case so you understand where Jeffrey Sutton was in this argument.  This is a case involving a woman, a respondent, Patricia Garrett. She is a registered nurse, and she was employed as the director of nursing, OB-GYN and Neonatal Services, for the University of Alabama in its Birmingham hospital. I might say parenthetically, that this is an extraordinarily well respected medical institution. Patricia Garrett was director of nursing at this hospital, think of that--quite an achievement in her career.  In 1994, Patricia Garrett was diagnosed with breast cancer, subsequently underwent a lumpectomy, radiation treatment, and chemotherapy. Garrett's treatments required her to take substantial leave from work because of this cancer. Upon returning to work in July of 1995, Patricia Garrett's supervisor informed her that she would have to give up her position as director of nursing at the hospital.  Garrett then applied for, and received, a transfer to another, lower paying position as a nurse manager. She brought a case under the Americans with Disabilities Act, and she said: I think the Federal Government passed a law that said you cannot discriminate against a person because of a disability or an illness--exactly the situation that she faced.  I voted for that law. I remember it well. It brought together an extraordinary bipartisan coalition.  In a few moments, the Senate will hear from my colleague, the Senator from Iowa, Tom Harkin. He was one of the leaders on that bill. Senator Bob Dole was a leader as well. It was bipartisan legislation which, for our generation, said: We will open up opportunities for a group of Americans who have been subject to discrimination because they have a disability or illness.  We passed the bill overwhelmingly with a bipartisan vote. I believed we were establishing a new frontier of civil rights. I was proud to be part of the debate. I contemplated, in voting for it, as many Senators did, people such as Patricia Garrett, a woman who reached a pinnacle of success in her career as director of nursing at an extraordinary hospital in Alabama, learned she had breast cancer, went through the anguish and pain of treatment, successful treatment, only to return to work after her illness and be told that she had been demoted from her position and would suffer a pay cut. She felt she had been wronged. I agreed with her.  When she turned to sue the State of Alabama, which managed the university hospital, she ran into a brick wall named Jeffrey Sutton. Jeffrey Sutton, the nominee before us, stood up and said: Patricia Garrett and people like her, who have been discriminated against by States such as Alabama, have no right to recover under the Americans with Disabilities Act. This was a decision made by Mr. Sutton to take a case which involved more than Patricia Garrett. It involved a basic principle of law. Time and again and this case stands out because the facts are so compelling that has been the story of Jeffrey Sutton's legal career.  In another disability case, Olmstead v. LC, Mr. Sutton argued it was not a violation of the Americans with Disabilities Act to force people with mental disabilities to remain institutionalized even when less restrictive settings were available. Thank God the Supreme Court rejected Jeffrey Sutton's twisted logic in that case 7 to 2. Only Justices Scalia and Thomas, the most--let me be careful of my language--conservative members of the Supreme Court agreed with Jeffrey Sutton's twisted logic.  In Alexander v. Sandoval, Jeffrey Sutton argued that private individuals did not have the power to bring lawsuits under the disparate impact regulations of title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The Supreme Court agreed with Sutton by the same 5 to 4 majority we saw in the Garrett case. As a result of his advocacy, it is now impossible for individuals to use title VI to challenge the disproportionate impact of many wrongful situations; for example, the dumping of toxic waste in poor minority neighborhoods. Congratulations, Mr. Sutton. You stood up to stop poor families exposed to toxic waste from bringing suit against those responsible for it and who chose their neighborhoods as the dumping grounds. I am sure that is a feather in his cap with some people but not with this Senator.  It is impossible to use title VI--because of Jeffrey Sutton's argument--to challenge educational tests or tracking procedures that disproportionately harm minority students.  Sutton claims that he was just being an advocate in these cases. He says he just wanted to develop a Supreme Court litigation practice. While I accept the principle that it is wrong to ascribe the views of a client to that client's attorney, I believe it is appropriate to consider which clients an attorney chooses to represent. Time and time again, Jeffrey Sutton, who is asking for a lifetime appointment to sit on a bench in a Federal courtroom and decide the fate of people such as Patricia Garrett and victims of discrimination, has chosen to come down on the wrong side of history.  Another indicator of Mr. Sutton's conservative ideology is that he is a member and, indeed, an officer of the famed Federalist Society, an organization with a mission statement claiming:       Law schools and the legal profession are strongly dominated      by a form of orthodox liberal ideology which advocates a      centralized and uniform society.  Mr. Sutton, an officer of the organization, came before us as a nominee--no surprise. If you scratch the DNA of most of President Bush's judicial nominees, you will find the Federalist Society chromosome. I think about two-thirds of President Bush's circuit court nominees who have been brought before the committee have to pass the test of being Federalist Society true believers. Jeffrey Sutton goes beyond membership. He is an officer of the organization.  Fewer than 1 percent of attorneys across America belong to the Federalist Society. But if you want to make it big in President Bush's WhiteHouse and make it to a high level, you better show credentials with the Federalist Society. That is your ticket to being considered for a nomination. Mr. Sutton had his ticket punched, as did Miguel Estrada, Pricilla Owen, Timothy Tymkovich, Jay Bybee, and Carolyn Kuhl. Jeffrey Sutton is part of a pattern of conservative ideologues that President Bush has nominated to the Federal court.  The Sixth Circuit is evenly balanced now, but the President wants to change it. He has already nominated six staunch conservatives to that court. The President is using ideology as a basis for his nomination, and the Senate should reject it.  Mr. Sutton's legal career has been spent practicing in the shadows of States' rights. He has said repeatedly how much he values federalism. Time and again he has argued important cases on the side of States' rights and not individual rights. We should reject that. We should say that as a matter of principle and practice, the men and women seeking appointments to these circuit courts of appeal, who decide tens of thousands of cases each year and are the gatekeepers for most cases before they come to the Supreme Court, should be people who are moderate, centrist, and reasonable in their views.  Jeffrey Sutton is not one of those nominees. What he brings to this nomination is an extreme viewpoint, one that should be rejected, one that certainly should not be enshrined for a lifetime at the circuit court of appeals.  I was in Alabama several months ago visiting Birmingham, Montgomery, and Selma with John Lewis, Congressman from Atlanta, GA, who was part of the civil rights movement. He told me, as we visited the shrines of the movement--the street corner where Rosa Parks boarded the bus and refused to sit in the segregated section, and the bridge at Selma where John Lewis had his head bashed in by an Alabama State trooper trying to protest civil rights discrimination--that none of that could have taken place were it not for one Federal judge with courage, Judge Frank Johnson of Alabama. He stood up to the establishment and other Federal courts and said: We are going to see civil rights in America. He had the courage of his convictions. Because of that courage, people have a chance to succeed in America today that they did not have in the 1960s.  I thought to myself, as I reflected on Frank Johnson, an unheralded hero, how many nominees to the Federal court coming before us today would have the courage and vision of Frank Johnson. Trust me, based on his record, Jeffrey Sutton would not be one of those judges.  Jeffrey Sutton, time and time again in his legal career, has stood in the path of progress toward equality and opportunity. He has denied opportunity to people who are disabled. He has denied people who have been victims of age discrimination, he has denied people of color and poor people who are looking for their day in court, he has denied them that chance.  How can we in good conscience look the other way? How can we say: this is just another political decision, this man may sit on the bench for a lifetime but it is the President's right to pick his nominees?  I don't think we can. In good conscience, we have to say no to this nominee. We have to say to the White House: Send us moderate people. Do not send us people who will preach intolerance from the bench. Do not send us people who will close the courthouse door to Americans who have no other recourse when it comes to protecting their civil rights.  Jeffrey Sutton is just that sort of nominee. For that reason, his nomination should be rejected. I reserve the remainder of my time.  