I would like to read from it because I think it indicates what I have been through over the past several days is not unique.  We are aware of the fact that Ambassador Joe Wilson, who has served the United States, was called on by this administration to go to Africa and to establish whether or not the sale of uranium took place. He came back, and it is my understanding he made an oral report to the administration questioning whether or not there was any background evidence to support the claim that Iraq had tried to obtain or had obtained uranium fissile material from Niger. He made the report to the administration, which is part of the cumulative evidence of the weakness of this assertion by British intelligence.  And, of course, a week or two ago, in the New York Times, Ambassador Wilson published a column indicating the timeline and substance of his involvement with this issue, and making it clear that based on the request of the administration, he had gone to Africa, came back with the information, and told the administration he could not make this claim.  Let me read from Paul Krugman's article today about Ambassador Joe Wilson and what has happened to him since he went public with the fact that he had warned this administration that saying anything about the uranium coming from Africa was really not credible, of dubious background. Here is what Krugman writes:       And while we're on the subject of patriotism, let's talk      about the affair of Joseph Wilson's wife. Mr. Wilson is the      former ambassador who was sent to Niger by the C.I.A. to      investigate reports of attempted Iraqi uranium purchases and      who recently went public with his findings. Since then      administration allies have sought to discredit him--it's      unpleasant stuff. But here's the kicker: both the columnist      Robert Novak and Time magazine say that administration      officials told them that they believed that Mr. Wilson had      been chosen through the influence of his wife, whom they      identified as a C.I.A. operative.       Think about that: if their characterization of Mr. Wilson's      wife is true . . .  And Krugman writes that Wilson refuses to confirm or deny it--       Bush administration officials have exposed the identity of      a covert operative. That happens to be a criminal act; it's      also definitely unpatriotic.       So why would they do such a thing? Partly, perhaps, to      punish Mr. Wilson, but also to send a message.       And that should alarm us. We've just seen how politicized,      cooked intelligence can damage our national interest. Yet the      Wilson affair suggests that the administration intends to      continue pressuring analysts to tell it what it wants to      hear.  End of quote from this Krugman article.  Mr. President, I am going to ask the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee and the ranking member to investigate this matter. This is an extremely serious situation. If, in fact, administrative officials have publicly disclosed the identity of Mr. Wilson's wife, who is allegedly, according to these news articles, working for the CIA, this is an extremely serious matter. In their effort to seek political revenge against Ambassador Wilson for his column, they are now attacking him and his wife, and doing it in a fashion that is not only unacceptable, it may be criminal. And that, frankly, is as serious as it gets in this town.  I would say to my colleagues in the Senate, understand what this is all about. If you come to the floor of this Senate, or stand before a microphone, and are critical of this administration for their policy or use of intelligence, be prepared for the worst. You are in for a rough ride.  Certainly what happened to me was minor league compared to what happened to Ambassador Wilson. In my situation, they merely questioned my integrity and asked I be removed from the Senate Intelligence Committee. In Mr. Wilson's situation, they have set out to destroy the career of his wife. That speaks volumes of where this administration has gone when it comes to this essential issue.  People have asked me: Why are 16 words so important? Why does it make any difference if the President happened to make a mistake? And maybe technically he didn't. He attributed this information to British intelligence. Tony Blair was here last week and says he still stands by it.  I think it is important in this respect: We spend billions of dollars each year accumulating important intelligence information to protect America. We can count on the dedicated men and women in intelligence agencies around the United States and around the world to keep us safe. 