President, this letter is a letter of resignation. Mr. Kiesling, a career diplomat who has served in United States embassies around the world, resigned over our foreign policy in Iraq. I will not read the entire letter. But this I will read. It is the letter from Mr. Kiesling to Secretary Powell:       The policies we are now asked to advance are incompatible      not only with American values but also with American      interests. Our fervent pursuit of war with Iraq is driving us      to squander the international legitimacy that has been      America's most potent weapon of both offense and defense      since the days of Woodrow Wilson. We have begun to dismantle      the largest and most effective web of international      relationships the world has ever known. Our current course      will bring instability and danger, not security.  Those are the words of a man who was a career diplomat serving the United States with principle and convictions and who resigned from the diplomatic corps over our policy in Iraq. That is a sad commentary, but it is a reality.  The reality is that we are following a course of foreign policy that is a dramatic departure from what we have followed for almost 50 years. We are making decisions relative to this war in Iraq which are changing the rules the United States has not only lived by but preached for decades. We are confronting the world that has most recently been our allies in the war on terrorism and telling them that, with or without their cooperation and approval, we are going forward with an invasion of Iraq. We are saying to the rest of the world that the United States has the power and will to use it. It is certain that we have the power and the strength. The question is whether or not we have the wisdom--the wisdom to understand that simply having the strength is not enough.  I would like to quote a few words from a statement made on this floor on October 3 last year by a man who usedto sit directly behind me here, Paul Wellstone of Minnesota. I miss him every single day. I pulled out the statement he made relative to this use of force resolution. I can recall now when he said some of these words.  I quote from Senator Wellstone:       To act now on our own might be a sign of more power. Acting      sensibly and in a measured way in concert with our allies      with bipartisan congressional support would be a sign of our      strength.  It is still true today. It is true so many months later.  I think the President and this administration still have a chance to take what could be a course of action that departs from a tradition in values which we have stood by and preached for so many decades, and return to those values in our efforts in Iraq.  And I hope we do it. I hope we do not discard the United Nations and all of our allies who are part of it. I hope we understand that when some of our best friends around the world question whether we are approaching this sensibly, it does not demonstrate their weakness but really calls into question whether we have the humility to step back and say: Can we do this more effectively for a more peaceful world for generations to come?  Madam President, I close by saying, I return now, in just a few moments, to my home State of Illinois. As I walk the streets of Springfield, of Chicago, and of other cities, people come up to me and say: Why don't I hear a debate in the U.S. Congress about Iraq?  Well, the fact is, that debate was waged and decided last October. I was one of 23 Members who voted against the use of force resolution because I believe there is a better way: a collective approach with the United Nations, that makes certain that the United States has a coalition of nations behind it in suppressing the evil of Saddam Hussein and his dangers to the region, rather than a coalition of nations united against us. That, sadly, is what we face today.  The vote in the United Nations tomorrow is historic. I hope we have the support of that institution. I hope, if we do not, this administration will pause before unleashing the furies of war and consider whether there is a better, more measured and sensible approach to show not only our might but our strength and clarity of purpose.  I yield the floor.  