ENSIGN. They may not have the education to know what their total potential was but it is 60 or 70 years' worth of earnings they can get in economic damages. That can be significant. I will freely admit it is not what Barry Bonds would get if he got hurt, or LaBron James, the new basketball player. They would obviously get a lot more money because they have the potential of making so much more money. But this child would still get a significant amount.  Let me go through these points, and then I will yield for a question.  All medical expenses would be covered under this bill: long-term care, assisted living devices, child care, household services, lost time, special medical damages, value of care, counsel, advice, aid, comfort, counsel for children, parents, and spouses. All of those are possible under economic damages in this bill.  The final point I wish to make is this: Does this capping hurt patients? We just have to look at Colorado and California and ask: Are there people out there being hurt? I submit there are a lot more people being hurt and going to be hurt in States such as Nevada where the doctors are leaving, where the doctor will not be in that emergency room or will not be able to deliver a baby, especially in those high-risk pregnancies.  This one case in Florida is a very good example. I actually met this gentleman. He is a physician himself. He was not performing duties as a physician at this time, he was a parent of an injured child. His name is Dr. Frank Shwarin. His 4-year-old child in Naples, FL, fell and hit his head on the side of the swimming pool. This was in July of 2002. The father is named Frank and Craig is the son. He rushed him to the nearest hospital only to find that none of the neurosurgeons on call would treat patients under 18 years of age. Why? Because they could not get medical liability coverage to treat, even in an emergency situation, a pediatric neurosurgery case. They had to medevac his son a couple hours away. Fortunately, because the father is a doctor, he was able to keep his son alive during that time.  A woman testified before the Senate that when the level I trauma center crisis happened in my State, her father died when that trauma center was closed because he had to be sent to another emergency room, and an emergency room is not a trauma center. They do not have the kind of expertise to treat severe trauma. As a result, her father died.  We cannot guarantee he would not have died in the trauma center, but we can guarantee he would have had the best possible care and the best chance of living. That is what I believe this debate has come down to: The system is out of balance now. It is not working. To correct this imbalance, we have to start reining in some of these frivolous, outrageous jury awards.  I yield for a question.  