That was an extraordinary speech. I hope that for a moment Senators on both sides of the aisle will stop and reflect on what he just said. I think it was a challenge to everyone, as strongly as we feel about what we are debating tonight, the appointment of Federal judges; the Senator from Indiana is right. The people across America wonder why we are wasting the time of the Senate on issues that have no importance or relevance to their lives, and because they cannot understand us, they are estranged from us. They do not feel invested in this process, they do not feel a responsibility to vote; they, frankly, think we spend too much time in partisan posturing. The 30 hours of this debate are a classic example of that kind of partisan posture. That is unfortunate.  What the Senator hears in Indiana and I hear in Illinois and I daresay every Senator hears in their State--I have been going back to Illinois for 4 straight years in the month of August trying to tour the State, meeting with business and labor leaders and community leaders, to ask what is going on. For 4 straight years they told me the same thing: Senator, can you do anything about the cost of health insurance? It is killing us. It is killing my small business. It is killing my large business. My family is worried about coverage. What are you going to do in Washington about the cost of health insurance? I have to basically shrug my shoulder and say: I am sorry, that is not on our agenda. We have other things we debate in Washington, not the things you and your family worry about, that keep you up at night. This is a good example.  Would it not have been inspiring if we came together as Democrats and Republicans on the floor to talk for 30 hours about the future of health care in America, to speak to it in honest, nonpartisan fashion, to try to address some of the most controversial parts of it in a responsible, gentlemanly way?  That is what we are expected to do. That is not what this is about. This is about alerting FOX News to grind out their cameras at the entrance of the Senate to watch a parade of Senators come in--Senators who have now disappeared. This is about charts being made, night and day by Democrats and Republicans, to argue their case.  My people living back home in Springfield, IL, and Chicago, IL, I am sure, turned off C-SPAN a long, long time ago, if this is the best we can offer them. Sadly, that is all we are offering them.  We left the Veterans Administration appropriations bill--we could have finished it--for veterans hospitals and the millions of veterans across America because we did not have time; we had to start this never-ending 30-hour debate. We cannot entertain a motion made by the Senator from Indiana, a motion I made, as well, to try to do something about the 9 million unemployed Americans whose benefits are running out. We do not have time for that. We have time for this political debate.  That is unfortunate. It is distressing. I have given 21 years of my adult life to public service. I have never regretted a moment of it. I walked away from a law practice and never looked back. This is the most exciting and interesting thing I can think of to do with your life, to be involved in public service. I encourage everyone, regardless of your political stripe, to get involved. You will love the opportunity it gives you to help people. But, frankly, we are not seizing that opportunity or we would not be here tonight. We would not be here discussing a question about whether 168 or 172 judges is the right number.  Is this the best we can do? I think not. I think we can rise to a greater challenge but we have to put aside the partisanship.  I readily concede I have struck a few partisan blows and a few have been thrown my way. That is part of life in the Senate, I am sure, and life in the big leagues. But at the end of the day when it is all over, at the end of the year or end of the session, each of us would like to point back to something we did to improve the lives of the people we represent. What have we done to make the schools better? What have we done to deal with the economic uncertainty of middle-income families? What have we done to deal with the trade laws that are killing us in the Midwest and across the Nation?  I have been a proponent of free trade. It is almost impossible to defend at this moment in time. We are not enforcing our trade agreements. We have lost five or six manufacturers in Indiana and the same is true in Illinois. Welost 3 million jobs across America. Frankly, many of those jobs will never come back. When we read headlines that say there are 120,000 new jobs in America, that is good news. But ask the hard question, are the jobs we created paying as much as the jobs we lost? If they were manufacturing jobs, the answer is pretty obvious. The answer is no, they are not. We are losing more and more good jobs. Instead of focusing on that as we should, on the things that people care about, we are spending our time in 30 hours of debate over four judges.  The senior Senator from Texas said earlier that the President has a constitutional right to appoint judges. I don't want to correct the Senator from Texas, but she is wrong. The President does not have a constitutional right to appoint judges. The President has a constitutional right to nominate judges. The judges are appointed through the advice and consent of the Senate. Therein lies the difference in our points of view. From the Republican side of the aisle, the President has a constitutional right to name the judges he wants. End of story. But the Constitution says otherwise. And it always has.  Even the most powerful and beloved President has to be held accountable to the people of America through the Senate, through the House, and that is why we are here tonight. At one moment in history when President Roosevelt had been reelected with the largest majority in the history of the United States, Franklin Roosevelt, he decided he had had his fill with the U.S. Supreme Court across the street and they were not treating him well and he came up with a scheme to pack the court, to add more Supreme Court Justices because they just were not ruling on his laws the way he wanted them to. He proposed that to an overwhelmingly Democratic Congress in the House and the Senate and ran into a firestorm of opposition from his own party.  President Franklin Roosevelt, as popular as he was, with the mandate he brought to office--and I will not reflect on this President's mandate in this discussion, but President FDR's mandate was substantial. He felt that he had a moment in history when he could change the Supreme Court. And this Senate, the Democrats in the Senate, said: No, we have to draw the line; this executive branch cannot control the judicial branch and we will stand in the path of a popular and beloved President. And they did. They stopped him.  That, to me, was an important moment in history--when Senators of the same political party said to a President, this Constitution created three branches of Government for good reason.  So tonight we are in a position where many are arguing that this Senate should step back and not assert its constitutional right to speak to the qualifications of judges. It will be a sad day if we allow that to occur.  Let me try to synthesize this into what it is about. It is not about the four judges or two more who might be added on Friday. It is about the next appointment to the Supreme Court across the street. That is the real story. There are a lot of good reasons we are here tonight but the real reason is the next Supreme Court vacancy and the belief on the Republican side of the aisle that if we can hold fast with our approach in stopping people unqualified, unfit, to serve on a Federal court, they will have a difficult time passing through a controversial nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court.  I think, in my heart of hearts, that is why we are here this evening. They are trying to smooth the road, prepare the way for that Supreme Court nominee from this President.  Now, let me give advice to my friends--and they are not likely to take it--on the Republican side. There is a way to avoid all that. Pick a man or a woman who is of such impeccable legal background, great credentials, the kind of person with the integrity that they will be above this kind of political debate. It can happen and it has happened.  In my State of Illinois, a State with two Senators from opposite political parties, we have not had one problem in filling the Federal judicial vacancies. We have done so, Democrat and Republican, with good men and women whom I am certain will serve this country well. I just gave the green light to a nominee who sits on our calendar, and I hope we will move quickly, Mark Philip, who was a clerk to Justice Antonin Scalia. I am a Democrat, approving a former clerk to Justice Scalia. I met him and trust him and I think he will be a great Federal district court judge.  That can happen again. But we have to move away from those who are ideological extremes. We have to move away from those who are lightning rods. We have to move to a center path, which most Americans expect of us.  Sadly, tonight, we are being told this Senate should not even ask questions of these nominees. That is wrong. We have a constitutional responsibility, a responsibility that must be met.  Some have said, incidentally, that ours are the first to ever filibuster nominees. In fact, the Senator from Pennsylvania said it is the first time in the history of the United States anyone has ever filibustered a judicial nominee. Well, this chart shows that is not correct. Abe Fortas of the Supreme Court, subject to cloture motion, filibuster; Stephen Breyer, First Circuit--I am going through the list--Rosemary Barkett, Eleventh Circuit; Lee Sarokin, Third Circuit; Marsha Berzon, Ninth Circuit; and Richard Paez, Ninth Circuit.  The fact is, there have been judges brought to the Senate floor who have been filibustered in the past. The fact is, most of those filibusters failed. The motion for cloture prevailed but the filibuster was on. On the four who are under contention this evening, the filibuster has succeeded. The motion for cloture has not been filed successfully. That is the difference. To say it has never happened before in our history is to defy the obvious. It certainly has happened before.  The point we are trying to make is it is not unreasonable to have 4 nominees out of 172 questioned, to be found lacking.  Let me close by saying, again I commend my colleague from Indiana because I think he put it in perspective. We all know it is true. We could be spending our time doing a lot more important things for America and a lot more important things for the people we represent than squabbling over four judges.  