It goes on for pages. Congressional Hispanic Caucus and Black Caucus--but listen to these. The Mexican-American Legal Defense and Education Fund--this is the premier Hispanic civil rights organization in America--opposes the nomination of Miguel Estrada. Frankly, I hope we do have a nominee of Hispanic origin who is on the Supreme Court as quickly as possible, as soon as there is a vacancy and a qualified candidate. But I hope Members will take pause to realize that just having a Hispanic surname is not enough. We need to bring a personto the highest court of the land who really understands that responsibility and is not so cagey and careful when it comes to explaining his point of view. That has been the case with Miguel Estrada.  He is, in fact, a stealth candidate. It's an effort by the Bush White House to put in a secret judiciary, judicial nominees who do not share their point of view with the public so you, frankly, have to gamble, when they come to the bench, that they will be moderate and reasonable in their judicial views. That is not the case with Miguel Estrada.  Let me make note, too, of the Federalist Society, to which Mr. Estrada belongs. He appears to be following the advice of DC Circuit Judge Lawrence Silberman, who recently told the Federalist Society that he provided key advice to Antonin Scalia in 1986 that led to his smooth confirmation. Lawrence Silberman told the great Federalist Society that he said to Antonin Scalia: Don't answer any questions about judicial philosophy or views.  It goes back to the Clarence Thomas model. When Clarence Thomas, like Miguel Estrada, told the Senate Judiciary Committee at the time that he had no opinion on the issue of abortion--that is a red flag. There have been judicial nominees from the Bush White House who disagree with my position on this important issue, but they have been honest enough to say that, regardless of my personal and private points of view, when it comes to my responsibility as a judge, I will follow Roe v. Wade until it is overruled by the Supreme Court. As John Ashcroft, another person who opposes Roe v. Wade, has said, it is the established law of the land until overturned. Why couldn't Miguel Estrada, who has been a Supreme Court clerk, go that far--to acknowledge that point of law, that stare decisis and precedent would guide him on an issue as important as Roe v. Wade?  His refusal to do that has caused alarm on this side of the aisle, among the majority of the Members.  Let me speak to you about some of the other issues that have been raised by some of my Republican colleagues during the course of this debate. We have heard from a Republican Senator in the Dallas Morning News that if we deny Mr. Estrada the position on the DC Circuit, it would be to shut the door on the American dream of Hispanics everywhere.  The reality is that until last week, Mr. Estrada was the only Latino nominated by President Bush to any of the 42 vacancies that have existed on the courts of appeal. In contrast, President Clinton nominated 11 Latinos to our appellate courts, and he also nominated 21 to district courts. Republicans blocked several of these, including Enrique Moreno, Jorge Rangel, and Christine Arguello.  Let me also note this argument about Estrada which Senator Trent Lott said to the Associated Press last year, that they--the Democrats--don't want Miguel Estrada because he is Hispanic. The reality is that 8 of 10 Hispanic appellate court judges were appointed by President Clinton. Three other nominees of President Clinton to the courts would apply, as well as others for the district courts.  Mr. Estrada, in his background, has never in his legal career provided any pro bono legal expertise to the Latino community. He has never joined, supported, volunteered for, or participated in events of any organization dedicated to serving and advancing the Latino community. He has never made any effort to open the doors of opportunity to Latino law students or junior lawyers.  Let me refer to another comment made by some of the Republicans in the Chamber. Senator Rick Santorum said this on Fox News on April 10 of last year:       They don't want any examples out there for America to see      of somebody who is conservative and also minority. . . . [I]f      you are a conservative, we don't like it. But if you are a      minority and a conservative, we hate you.  Under Senator Leahy, then chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the committee approved the following Bush nominees: Phillip Martinez, Jose Martinez, Alia Ludlum, Randy Crane, and Judge Jose Linares.  Time and again, when Republicans controlled the Senate, the Judiciary Committee has approved these judges who are conservatives and minorities.  The point made by our colleague, Senator Santorum, just does not wash.  Let me note some of the other statements that have been made.  They argue that requesting Mr. Estrada to produce his writings is unprecedented.  Here is a man who has not been a judge but is in the Solicitor General's Office who had a bounty of legal writings, and we are asking that he present them so we can have an insight into his thinking--not unlike a judicial nominee who has served as a judge and we read his opinions to try to understand where this judge is coming from. It is not unusual, frankly, in the Judiciary Committee to point out that a judge has been overruled a certain number of times to know whether or not they have clear thinking and whether or not they understand the law. But when it comes to Miguel Estrada, the Bush White House under Republicans refused to give us the documentation so we can see into the mind of Miguel Estrada who has carefully avoided answering direct questions on judicial philosophy.  The Department of Justice provided memos by attorneys during the nominations of William Bradford Reynolds, nominated to be Associate Attorney General; Robert Bork, nominated to be a Supreme Court Justice; Benjamin Civiletti, nominated to be Attorney General; Stephen Trott, nominated to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and even Judge William Rehnquist when he was nominated to be Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.  So asking for this documentation is certainly not unprecedented. In fact, there is ample precedent. When we look at the Estrada nomination, we see a clear effort to stonewall. Mr. Estrada has refused to say whether he would strictly interpret the U.S. Constitution.  Listen carefully to what I say here. There is not a single Clinton nominee who would have made it past this question before the Republican Senate Judiciary Committee. They were each asked point blank that question. If they did not answer in a fashion acceptable to the Judiciary Committee, it was over, their nomination was finished.  Miguel Estrada comes before us and refuses to even answer the question. I think I know what his answer would be. But why is he so afraid to share his judicial philosophy with us? Is it so radical, so unusual, is it so out of the ordinary that he is afraid people across America will be worried about putting him on the second highest court in the land for a lifetime appointment? That is the only conclusion I can draw from that.  When it came to Mr. Estrada, he refused to discuss the judicial or legal philosophy of any current Supreme Court Justice.  When I asked nominees for district court judgeships in my State to give me an insight into their thinking about Supreme Court Justices--which you think is good or somebody you disagree with--I got really interesting answers from Democrat and Republican nominees. Sometimes I am surprised by the things they pick out. It gives you an insight into what they are looking for and perhaps the role model on whom they might model their own judicial career.  When it comes to Estrada, a man on the fast track to the Supreme Court, he wouldn't discuss the judicial or legal philosophy of any current Supreme Court Justice. When we asked him to name any Supreme Court decision in history with which he disagreed--as I reflect on this question, this is not about a particular case. This is about a case that was decided 20 or 30 or 40 years ago. In this case, we have a situation where Miguel Estrada refused to answer the question.  So what we have before us, unfortunately, is a situation where we have a candidate who has not brought before us the kind of background, the kind of answers to questions which can give us solace that we are appointing to the second highest court in the land a man who has the qualifications and the temperament and the skill to handle the job.  Our colleagues have emphasized that Mr. Estrada received a well-qualified rating from the American Bar Association. The ABA committee rating of Mr.Estrada, as for all nominees, is advisory and not binding. But it is interesting to look at that rating and what it has meant in the past.  Last fall, a number of Republicans complained that a Bush nominee with a well-qualified rating from the ABA received votes against their confirmation, but there was no acknowledgment that many of these same Republicans had voted against Clinton nominees who received well-qualified ratings.  While the Republicans were in control of the Senate, and when the Judiciary Committee was chaired by Senator Hatch, the following nominees received well-qualified ratings, and many Republicans voted against them:  Judge Merrick Garland, the last judge confirmed to the DC Circuit; Judge Gerald Lynch, of the Southern District of New York; Judge Rosemary Barkett--who is, incidentally, a Latina--who was found well-qualified for the Ninth Circuit was voted against by the Republicans; Judge William Fletcher of the Ninth Circuit; Judge Ray Fisher of the Ninth Circuit; Marcia Berzon of the Ninth Circuit; Sonia Sotomayor, another Latino, a nominee found well-qualified by the ABA and voted against in the Second Circuit by Republicans; Judge Margaret McKowen, of the Ninth Circuit; Richard Paez, to whom the Senator from Nevada just made reference, another Latino, to the Ninth Circuit, and was held up for 4 years, was found well-qualified, not voted for by Republicans; Judge Margaret Morrow, of California, voted well-qualified.  Incidentally, the line of inquiry on Margaret Morrow I thought was the most intrusive I have ever heard. Under the Republican-controlled Senate Judiciary Committee, Margaret Morrow, with the most amazing legal credentials and who answered every question, finally in her frustration, when the Republican majority on the Senate Judiciary Committee said to her: We want you to tell us how you voted throughout your life on propositions on the California ballot. Did you vote yes or no, and why?--we are asking Miguel Estrada what his position is on Roe v. Wade, and the Republican majority on the floor here is saying: You are going too far.  When it came to Clinton nominees such as Margaret Morrow, they wanted her to violate the secrecy and sanctity of her vote in the polling place and explain how she voted on a proposition before the California electorate. That shows you how far they were going to go--way too far in the extreme to stop the well-qualified nominee.  All we are asking of Miguel Estrada is the basics: What is your position on basic constitutional issues? When it comes to Supreme Court decisions, discuss one of them you might have disagreed with in the last 40 years, or in the history of the Supreme Court.  