President, I thank the Senator from Massachusetts not only for yielding time but also for his leadership on this issue.  I would like to note to the Senator from Massachusetts that the President gave a speech last night relative to the issue of affirmative action in which he said he did not believe preferences should be given based on race but, rather, people should be chosen based on merit.  If you accept the President's premise, that Americans should have an opportunity to be educated, and then compete for spots at good universities, then doesn't it follow you would want to make certain that people across America have equal opportunity in education? Because how can you compete on the basis of merit and education if you don't have a good school and a good teacher, a good curriculum, and an opportunity to learn?  Senator Kennedy comes to us today offering this amendment saying: Why aren't we putting money into education so that children--all children, minority children as well as majority children--have an opportunity to learn?  I think this is a test for the other side of the aisle. If you support the President's position, in opposition to affirmative action, and believe people should be judged on merit, then, for goodness sakes, create a level playing field, so the children from the poorest families, in the poorest schools, have a chance to learn, compete, and lead fulfilled lives.  It will be interesting to see what happens, whether the same Senators who oppose affirmative action will also oppose funding education.  Secondly, let me suggest Senator Kennedy is keeping his word. When he and I and others joined the President in voting for No Child Left Behind, it was not an empty promise; it was a promise that we would stand with the schools, the families, and the children in improving the quality of education across America.  The President took great pride in this education bill, and he passed it and said: The first thing we need is accountability. I certainly agree with that. But he called for more tests than usual, so that we could monitor, on an annual basis, how our children are doing in school. And, of course, those schools that are not doing a good job, where children are falling behind, will require some remedial effort. The remedial effort involves title I, part of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, which Senator Kennedy is trying to fund.  Senator Kennedy is trying to keep President Bush's promise to America when it comes to education. It is not enough to say that the schools are failing us, the schools are falling behind. Senator Kennedy brings, with this amendment, a chance for every Republican who voted for No Child Left Behind, and those of us on the Democratic side who joined, to keep our promise and keep our word.  Failing that, if we do not come up with the resources for West Virginia, for Massachusetts, or New Hampshire, then they will have to make difficult decisions.  They will have the Federal requirements of No Child Left Behind--requirements to improve their curriculum, improve their teachers, improve their teaching assistants, formulate all sorts of tests and evaluate the students--but they will not have the resources to improve their schools.  What will we have accomplished? We will have diagnosed an illness, but the President refuses to come up with the drugs necessary to cure it. Senator Kennedy's amendment does. Senator Kennedy comes forward and says: Let's put the money we promised on the table. If you don't do that, I will tell you what will happen in my State and most other States. You will have a mandate from Washington, under President Bush's No Child Left Behind, and no funds to meet the mandate. And what a terrible time for that to happen.  Estimates across the Nation suggest that States are falling behind $90- or $100 billion this year. In my State, it is $5 billion. I can tell you where the cuts will be made. Sadly, they will be made in education. And so, in Illinois, we will be cutting basic funds for education while President Bush's requirements under No Child Left Behind are being imposed on Illinois school districts facing bankruptcy.  Where is the fairness in that outcome? And the Senator from New Hampshire suggested we do across-the-board cuts from all the other agencies to come up with a pot of money, and send it to the States to deal with on a grant basis. You can certainly argue with his premise as to whether or not we can continue to make cuts in a lot of different agencies that have already been cut and trimmed, time and time again--whether it is the Veterans' Administration or homeland security; and those are certainly areas where we could debate long and hard as to whether that is the right thing to do--but what Senator Kennedy is doingwith this amendment is asking Congress to keep its word.  All of those who posed for those political ``holy'' pictures with the President, which showed us being friends of the education President and friends of education, now have to come through with the money to make sure it happens. If we do not, then, frankly, we should be held accountable.  Those who vote no on this amendment--  