I would refer him to a Bloomberg News article yesterday with the headline ``139 Million Dollar Lobby Blitz Thrown at Medicare Bill.'' And it leads by saying:       Health care companies, led by drug makers Merck & Co. and      Eli Lilly, spent a record $139.1 million in six months to      lobby Congress on a Medicare bill that will help the elderly      buy prescription medicines. The pharmaceutical companies were      the biggest spenders in the health care industry putting      money into this lobbying effort.  The Senator knows, as I do, that if you find pharmaceutical companies working feverishly night and day to pass this legislation, it isn't because they want to make less money. They want to make more money. So we have the GOP, which could now be the acronym for the Greedy Old Pharmaceutical companies; that is what is pushing this legislation. That is proof positive that the seniors will be the losers.  The seniors understand that, as do families across America. It isn't bad enough that it is just pharmaceutical companies that are going to make out so well. The same thing is true about HMO companies, the HMO insurance companies with the more than $10 billion Federal slush fund so they can compete with traditional Medicare, $10 billion, and a reimbursement level of 109 percent for these same companies for their expenses while they are competing.  Then to add the crowning touch is something called health savings accounts. I would say to the Senator from Maryland, you are going to recognize this song after I sing a few lyrics. A company called Golden Rule Insurance Company, originally out of Evansville, IL, now based out of Indianapolis, with a man named Mr. Rooney as its CEO, has been locked at the hip with the Republican leadership on Capitol Hill since Speaker Gingrich took over in the House. That is when they dreamed up this idea of medical savings accounts and said: Here is the wave of the future. We can replace health insurance as we know it with the Golden Rule model of medical savings accounts, resulting in our efforts in 1996 of a demonstration project to so see if this flawed concept would work. So few people were interested in signing up for it, it was a failure on its face.  Guess what. In this bill there is a $6 billion subsidy for health savings accounts. In other words, not only are we guaranteeing record profits for pharmaceutical companies, not only are we creating a $10 billion slush fund for HMOs to take seniors out of Medicare, we are putting $6 billion into this boondoggle health savings account. I was on the floor watching the Energy bill yesterday and thinking it was scandalous that we were putting $2 billion into the MTBE and oil industry--$2 billion. They did us better with this bill. The Republican conferees came back and said: Let's up the ante; let's make it $6 billion to subsidize this crazy concept of health savings accounts engendered by the Golden Rule company, one of the greatest benefactors of the Republican Party on Capitol Hill. If that isn't proof positive that this bill has gone astray, I don't know what is.  I say to seniors who continue to call congressional offices, keep the calls coming in. Let me suggest to them as well that if many of them happen to be members of AARP, here is that telephone number. Call your friends at AARP, ask Mr. Novelli, who has endorsed this boondoggle, why in the world has he turned his back on seniors? Why is he not fighting for more competitive drug prices? Why isn't he trying to stop the HMOs from privatizing Medicare? And why are we putting a $6 billion subsidy in here for friends of the Republican Party, the Golden Rule Insurance Company. I think seniors across America get the message.  There was just a poll taken this week of members of AARP, which I hope Mr. Novelli will have a chance to read.  The poll shows that once seniors have been told what is in this bill, 65 percent of the members of AARP said they should stop trying to pass this bill and work for a better plan, and only 18 percent of the members of AARP supported it. So by a margin of almost 4 to 1, the members of AARP are saying to their leadership: You have it wrong.  I think, frankly, it is a burden now on AARP to come back to its roots and decide whether it is going to stand up for seniors or for pharmaceutical companies and HMOs. I hope the seniors across America who are as upset about this as many of us are will call AARP and tell them to stop spending millions of dollars trying to pass this bill. Instead, they should try to save Medicare first, and they should say basically don't sell out the seniors of America.  AARP is now in lockstep with these pharmaceutical companies and HMOs. They have forgotten their mandate, which is to stand up as a voice for seniors across America. That is unforgivable. I think they are going to find a lot of their members tearing up their cards and walking away from this organization. It has become very political and insensitive to the seniors across America.  