President, I would like to speak in morning business on the issue that is pending before the Senate, which is the motion to proceed on S. 11. This is a bill relative to an important issue that really we have to grapple with in this country, and thatis the question of medical malpractice. It is an issue which has come at us in so many different ways. Unfortunately, the bill that is before us, S. 11, which we are now considering under a motion to proceed, looks at the issue of medical malpractice from only one narrow perspective, and from my point of view a very ineffective perspective.  What the bill before us would suggest is if you or a member of your family or one of your children is a victim of medical malpractice, there would be a strict limitation in this bill of how much you could recover in court for what is known as noneconomic losses, pain and suffering. That strict limitation would be $250,000.  To many people, $250,000 seems to be a very substantial sum of money, and it is until it is put in the perspective of the injuries we are discussing. Yesterday, in the course of the debate, I told the story of a 6-year-old boy in my home State of Illinois who went to a downstate clinic with a high fever. Unfortunately, he did not receive appropriate medical care and a jury decided he had been a victim of medical negligence. The doctors who had treated him did not perform the type of medical procedures necessary to monitor his serious condition. As a result of that, this poor little boy at the age of 6 became quadriplegic and uncommunicative. It is now 11 years later. He is 17 years old. He needs care around the clock. He cannot respond to stimulus that ordinary people do. He certainly cannot communicate. His situation for the past 11 years is, frankly, what he will face as long as he is alive.  That is a harrowing prospect for his family and it means they are going to have to dedicate the rest of their lives, as mother and father, to try to make his life on Earth as bearable as possible. So $250,000 in that context has to be taken from a different perspective. It goes beyond his medical bills, of which he will receive compensation, to the question of pain and suffering for him and certainly for his family.  If this young man, now at the age of 17, is going to live 20, 30, or 40 years, what is $250,000 worth? That $250,000 turns out to be a very small amount when we consider that the injuries he suffered and the problems he has endured are going to be there for a lifetime. So for us to say we will decide in the Senate in S. 11, the bill that is before us, that this little boy and his family will never receive more than $250,000 regardless of the circumstances facing him for the rest of his life, I think is totally unfair.  In fact, it is a dramatic departure from where we have been in the United States for so long. We have said, first, that this is an issue to be decided by each State. Each State should decide if there is going to be a limitation on how much money someone can receive if they are a victim of a certain injury or malpractice.  Secondly, we have said historically this is an issue not to be decided by 100 Senators, men and women sitting in Washington, but literally by 12 of this family's neighbors and friends who live in the community, who will try to reach a fair amount of compensation when in fact they find fault on the part of the doctor and the hospital. That is the jury system. It is a system we have believed in in America from the start of this Nation. It really is a system which parallels free elections in America where we say we entrust our Government to the people of this country.  In the courtroom, we entrust these decisions to the people of America, 12 of them chosen at random to come to a fair conclusion. Those who are pushing this bill today say we can no longer trust the jury system in America; we cannot trust 12 of this little boy's neighbors and friends and people in the community to come forward and reach a fair verdict.  I think that is a terrible condemnation of a system of justice which has really been the bedrock of American principles and American values.  It is curious to me that many of the same people who decide today that the jury system consists of people who cannot be trusted will readily trust the jury system when it comes to questions of criminal penalties, penalties as severe as the death penalty. If we trust a jury of 12 to decide the life or death of a criminal defendant, is it not also fair to say we would trust them to decide a fair amount of damages, a fair amount of compensation, for this child and his family?  Well, no. S. 11, offered on the Republican side of the aisle, says the opposite. It says, we will make the decision here. We are smarter. We know what is fair, and $250,000 is adequate compensation for this little boy who will face a lifetime now of care on a daily basis, minute by minute, whose mother has had to quit her job so she can stay home and tend to this 17-year-old boy who was a victim of medical malpractice.  Let me also add that equally unfair and unjust in S. 11 is the treatment of people who are senior citizens, who have been the victims of medical malpractice, because what this bill compensates are medical bills and lost wages, and limits any other recovery to $250,000. So if one happens to be a senior citizen who has no active income, perhaps a little retirement and the money they derive from their savings, and they are a victim of medical malpractice, they are limited to $250,000 compensation.  I will come back later today and talk about a couple who were victimized frankly because a blood bank gave them blood that was tainted with the HIV virus, which resulted in this 70-year-old couple contracting that HIV infection, ultimately dying of AIDS. It was a sad situation and one that was graphic in terms of the malpractice involved. But because they were not wage earners, their compensation under this bill would be virtually nothing.  The medical care which they would receive, of course, would be compensated, but it would only be $250,000 for pain and suffering.  Let's go to the root cause of this debate. Why are we even talking about medical malpractice on the Senate floor? It is because we do have a serious national challenge. In many States, including my own, for many specialities of medical practice we have seen medical malpractice insurance premiums increasing at an alarming rate. When we have asked the General Accounting Office and private firms to analyze why this has happened, they have said there is a variety of reasons that have led up to it. Yes, in fact, there are more settlements in cases involving medical malpractice than there have been in the past, and in some marginal cases more verdicts. It is an indication of the fact there is more medical negligence being discovered, and even the Department of Health and Human Services gave us testimony a few weeks ago that we are facing medical negligence and medical errors across America, in their words, of epidemic proportion. So now we have this huge wave of exposure and liability coming at the medical profession, and naturally there are more lawsuits that are being filed to reflect this wave, this epidemic, of medical negligence.  What has happened on the insurance side to protect the doctors? Sadly, this has been, frankly, a casino mentality among many of the medical malpractice insurers. Back in the Clinton administration, when we had a strong, vibrant, growing economy, when the Dow Jones index was going up regularly and people saw their retirement incomes growing and their savings growing, many people were investing in the stock market and doing well and many insurance companies did as well, too.  In the case of medical malpractice insurers, they would collect the premiums from the doctors, invest them in the stock market or in bonds and do very well.  Now what has happened? In the last 2\1/2\ years under this administration, we have seen the economy in recession; we have lost jobs; we have lost businesses; we have seen people lose their life savings; they have made new decisions on whether they have to continue to work.  Business investment, as well, has not been as profitable. These insurance companies that thought they had a winning formula are starting to lose. The premiums collected from doctors, invested in bonds and the stock market, have not been as profitable. Because of this, many of these companies have gone out of business or raised their premiums because of anticipated exposure for medical errors. Those raised premiums have caused real hardship among doctors in America.  Senator Daschle came to the Senate floor yesterday--and I tried to make the point, also--to say we understandthis issue is serious. On the Democratic side of the aisle, we have offered to the Republican side of the aisle to come together on a bipartisan basis to deal with the malpractice insurance crisis and the malpractice crisis in America. But we cannot resolve this issue by introducing a bill, S. 11, that only goes after one discrete part of it--limiting the recovery of medical malpractice to victims.  This drastic response is not going to solve the underlying problem. We need to come together on a bipartisan basis as we did on terrorism insurance after September 11. We found a way to do it. But we can only do it if we engage the three elements that can lead to success. Those elements are: First, the medical profession itself. We have to bring together those doctors of good will across America who want to work with us to reduce medical errors, to bring more safety to the practice of medicine, to take away from the practice of medicine those doctors and practitioners who are largely responsible for medical malpractice. Fifty percent of the medical malpractice claims in America can be attributed to 5 percent of the doctors. We need to make certain the medical profession is more vigilant in taking these doctors out of the practice of medicine, are changing the way they practice medicine so fewer innocent victims emerge from this experience.  Second, we need to bring in the insurance industry. I know this is a sacred cow in the Senate, to talk about insurance companies and holding them accountable for the way they are treating doctors across America. But you cannot have an honest conversation about dealing with medical malpractice premiums without talking about the insurance industry. We could cap recoveries across America in every courtroom for every victim of medical malpractice with no guarantee that medical malpractice premiums are going to decrease for doctors across America.  Here is what I think we should do. First, we should eliminate the antitrust exemption for insurance companies across America. To think we allow these companies to collude, to come together and share pricing information to the detriment of their customers--in this case, their doctors--is indefensible. The McCarran-Ferguson Act should be repealed so the antitrust exemption is removed from the U.S. industry.  Second, we need to look at the whole question of reinsurance. Most of these malpractice insurance companies only protect doctors up to a certain amount--perhaps $1 million or $2 million--in terms of their exposure to liability. Then they sell off the additional exposure--$2 million to $10 million, $2 million to $20 million--and buy insurance to cover it. There are five major companies selling reinsurance in the medical malpractice area. Four are offshore and not regulated by any State or Federal regulation in the United States. We have no oversight of the way they are treating malpractice insurers in America. That is a guarantee that, no matter what we do in the Senate, there will still be ultimate vulnerability by the medical profession to unreasonable and excessive malpractice premiums.  The solution involves: Bringing together the medical profession to reduce medical errors, to reduce medical injuries; bringing the insurance industry in to make certain that we have some accountability and fairness in the premium charges; and, finally, bringing in those in the legal profession to make certain that any lawyer filing a frivolous malpractice lawsuit is going to be held accountable for the costs and attorney fees, initially, and ultimately, if he or she continues doing so, banned from filing future lawsuits; also making certain that punitive damages would be eliminated in virtually all medical malpractice cases. All of these factors will move us toward a solution to this problem.  This week, we are going to be visited by many doctors from across the United States. They will come and tell us of their legitimate concerns about malpractice premiums that are hurting their profession and limiting the availability of good medicine and good doctors across America. I do not quarrel with their premise that they have a problem that needs to be resolved, that we need to face squarely and honestly.  But this morning, at 11 o'clock, I will hold a press conference in which we will have five victims of medical malpractice. They will tell their heartbreaking stories, how they went to the doctor, they went to the hospital, and came home so injured and so changed that their lives were never the same. The $250,000 being offered by the sponsors of S. 11 is totally inadequate to the injuries they suffered. The limitation of $250,000 would make them wards of the state and dependent on government and charity for the rest of their life. That is what is being offered on the Republican side of the aisle.  The last point I make is this: When you read S. 11 closely, you will find it is not only about doctors and hospitals, it is also about protecting from liability HMO insurance companies and health care organizations, the makers of medical devices, and those pharmaceutical companies that are found to have been negligent in the sale of their products.  I cannot understand how the medical profession can allow itself to be used by the sponsors of this bill so that those who are coming in to represent these special interest groups--the HMOs and managed care organizations, the pharmaceutical companies, and the medical device companies--get protection, using as their argument the sympathy that is being generated on behalf of doctors who are struggling with malpractice premiums. That is unfair to the doctors; it is unfair to the hospitals; it is unfair to the Senate, that we would include in S. 11 that type of limitation.  Finally, this bill, S. 11, allows for punitive damages in the most limited circumstances. It requires that there be a deliberate act on the part of a doctor for punitive damages to apply, as well as malicious intent being another option under punitive damages.  When I made an inquiry yesterday as to what it would mean if a doctor were intoxicated or an addict to drugs and, because of that intoxication or addiction, performed some medical procedure which harmed a person for life, I was told that punitive damage section would apply. I have to say quite honestly it does not because the language of the section is only about deliberate and intentional conduct, not about the kind of gross negligence involved in addiction and intoxication.  As we look at S. 11, we owe the medical profession as well as the people of America more than is being offered. To bring this bill on a take-it-or-leave-it basis, to say we will have no committee hearings, no amendment process in committee, no opportunity for an exchange of information, is not fair to the people of America. I hope we can do better--I think we can--that when the vote takes place tomorrow on the cloture motion, we will see a number of Senators are going to come forward and ask that we try to resolve this difference in a fair way, in a balanced way, rather than this unbalanced and unfair way being offered.  