President, I thank my colleague, who is a Boston Red Sox fan, for allowing me an opportunity to present this amendment so I can watch the Cubs in a few minutes. I owe him big for this one.  This amendment takes into consideration that we have 1.2 million members of the National Guard and Reserve. Of that number, some 120,000 are also Federal employees--10 percent of the National Guard and Reserve--and 14,000 of the Federal employees are currently mobilized and serve on active duty.  All across the United States, States, local governments, and private corporations have said to the men and women in the Reserve and Guard: If you are activated and mobilized, we will hold you harmless in terms of your salary. We will make up the difference between your military pay and what you would have made at home so that your family won't suffer a hardship and have to make a sacrifice.  Sadly, we do not make the same concession for Federal employees. My Reservist Pay Security Act of 2003 is legislation that will help alleviate the problems faced by many Federal employees who serve in the Reserves and must take time off from their jobs when our Nation calls. It allows these citizen-soldiers to maintain their normal salary when called to active service by requiring Federal agencies to make up the difference.  This amendment is affordable. A recent Department of Defense survey of 35,000 reservists found that 41 percent lost income during mobilization and deployment, while 59 percent either broke even or increased their income on active duty. Of those who reported losing income, most--70 percent--said their income was reduced by $3,750 or less while serving on active duty.  Based on CBO estimates, this measure to protect the income of Federal employees who are activated and mobilized in Guard and Reserve units would cost us approximately $75 million for the next fiscal year. That seems like a very small amount in an $87 billion supplemental.  I think we need to provide these Reserve employees financial support so they can leave their civilian lives and serve our country without the added burden on their families.  I yield the floor.  