REID. I say to my friend, we not only can say what we will do, but we can talk about what we have done. We have a record of accomplishment of working with the majority. We worked very hard, not only on appropriations bills but other important pieces of legislation. The Fair Credit Reporting Act, that was difficult to get up from our side. We got it up. We had a very fine debate. That bill is now on its way, we hear, to becoming law.  The Healthy Forests initiative--that was a hard piece of legislation to get passed out of this Senate, but we did it. We did it because we cooperated. Either one of those two bills I mentioned, Fair Credit Reporting and the Healthy Forests initiatives--it would have been easy to spend a week on each one of those. We didn't do that.  We have a record of accomplishment. We share the accomplishments that were laid out by the Senator from Kentucky today. And I say also, respectfully, the only reason we did not pass more appropriations bills last year is we didn't get the same cooperation that the majority has gotten from us. But that has happened in the past, and we are now here where we are today.  We are part of the process. When the history books are written--and they will be written--I think they will look back on this decision made to address, out of the very important things focused in the eye on the American people--a war in Iraq, a war in Afghanistan, a war on terrorism globally. It is difficult to comprehend why that alone, together with the economy which is in such desperate shape, and problems dealing with health care, those who are medically uninsured, people who are desperately poor and need to be helped, our educational system--we could talk about any one of those and historians would think that is something we should do.  No, we are going to take 30 hours. When is the last time this Congress has spent 30 straight hours doing anything? Anything? What are we going to spend 30 hours doing? Thirty straight hours we are going to spend talking about four judges who, combined, make $1 million a year, one of whom makes a half a million dollars a year, all of whom have jobs. I think our priorities are a little out of kilter here--as I go back to my book.  Mr. President, Chapter 3:       One of the real difficulties facing early prospectors in      southern Nevada was that to file a claim, they had to travel      more than 200 miles to Pioche, a trip that took at least ten      days. This presented great hardship, especially in the winter      months, when the weather conditions around Pioche could be      severely inclement.       As early as 1898, articles appeared in periodicals touting      the discoveries made in the Searchlight area. The references      were actually to Summit Springs, with directions to the      specific site, for Searchlight had not yet been named. The      most definitive citation observed the following: ``At this      point, fifty miles north of Needles, California and some ten      miles west of the Colorado River, there is some excitement      caused by a promising gold strike made by a Mr. Colton. His      first shipment of the selected ore yielded at the rate of 72      ounces per ton. He is now shipping a carload that is expected      to produce some 200 dollars per ton. Conservative miners who      have recently visited the locality are pleased with the      outlook in this vicinity.''       On July 20, 1898, the mining district of Searchlight was      formed. The place chosen for the undertaking was the only      frame or wooden building in the whole camp, a little shack      located near the present-day Cyrus Noble Mine, not far from      where the Santa Fe Railroad depot would later be situated.      The founders were described nine years later as a ``small      bunch of adventuresome spirits who had undertaken the task of      unbuckling the girdling of the gold that encompasses this      immediate mineralized section, and [took] advantage of the      privileges allowed them under the United States mining      laws.''       The group of miners and prospectors involved in forming the      district drew up a set of bylaws and regulations. Rather than      drafting a list of crude, misspelled rules, they put into      effect a concise, systematic, and businesslike set of      standards covering every point necessary for the filing of a      mine claim.       The formation of the mining district did not obviate the      need for the ultimate filing with the county recorder in      Pioche, the seat of Lincoln County. Because Pioche was so far      away and winter weather often made travel impossible,      principals were allowed to establish the priority of the      claim by filing it initially with the district recorder, then      transfer the documentation to Pioche at a convenient time.      This arrangement prevented many claim disputes. The original      papers of formation were written on ordinary notebook paper      in handwriting and then pasted in a rusty book, which as of      July 19, 1907, was still preserved in the recorder's office.       Those who signed the formative papers were E.J. Coleman,      who acted as chairman; G.F. Colton, who acted as recorder;      Samuel Foreman; S. Baker; F.C. Perew; F.W. Dunn; H.P.      Livingston; C.C. Fisher; T.B. Bassett; J.F. Dellitt; W.O.      Camp; W.G. Lewis; G.B. Smith; and E.R. Bowman. It is      interesting that the two accounts of the formation of the      district agree on everything except one of the signatories of      the handwritten document establishing the mining district.      The Searchlight Bulletin of July 14, 1911, lists a woman by      the name of Mrs. Hattie Cook as one of the signers, but an      earlier account in the same paper on July 19, 1907, does      not mention her name. It may have been merely an oversight      that the name of the only woman who signed was left out,      or it might have been a subtle denial of a woman's role in      the founding of the town. Hattie Cook did, however,      subsequently locate her own mining claim, the Flat Iron.       Many claims had been recorded in Pioche before the      formation of the Searchlight district, including Fred      Colton's initial discovery, which started the rush to the      Searchlight area. But the first claim actually recorded as      ``Searchlight,'' called the Happy Jack, was located on May 3,      1898, just a few days before the formation of the new      Searchlight district. This initial claim was located by J.F.      Dellitt, one of the people who formed the district. The      discovery of the big claim by G.F. (Fred) Colton on May 6,      1897, was not actually recorded in Pioche until the next      January. From this example alone it is clear why it was      necessary to form the district.       By October the mining camp had its own post office. That      same winter many more claims were filed, with the      accompanying speculation that all of them would yield riches.      These reports sparked an increase in the flow of people to      the new camp.       The development of Searchlight came at an opportune time in      the history of Nevada, since the Comstrock Lode was all but      exhausted by the time Colton struck gold in 1897. The      shipment of ore from the Searchlight district followed a      twenty-year slump in Nevada mining and gave the state      increased visibility nationwide.       It later became apparent that any ore of significant value      in Searchlight would be found at depths of more than 200      feet. Extracting ore at that depth was usually prohibitively      expensive for individual prospectors; consequently, many      operations followed the example of the Quartette and      consolidated their efforts.       The Engineering and Mining Journal often reported on such      consolidations. Among the transactions recorded there was the      New Era Mining Company, which incorporated in 1900 with      $300,000 in capital, a significantly large amount of money at      the time. The Duplex claim was developed with financing out      of Riverside, California, allowing the construction of a      mill and extensive underground development. The      Searchlight Mining and Milling Company, known thereafter      as the M, was capitalized in 1899 with sufficient      financial resources for continuous work until ore was      finally found in 1904.       But the Quartette was the mine that propelled Searchlight      out of the ranks of insignificant Nevada mining towns. The      Quartette was a great mine by any standard, and its dramatic      success allowed Searchlight to become a mining camp of world-     class proportions.       The finest mine in Searchlight almost never came into      existence, however. The original capitalization by the      Hopkins group was soon expended, but more money was sunk into      developing the mine. Suddenly, Fred Dunn, the company's      resident agent, acting on instructions from the owners in      Massachusetts, ordered the foreman, Jack Russell, to stop      work. Russell politely but firmly informed Dunn that he took      orders only from superintendent Macready, who was in Los      Angeles. Dunn then contacted Macready in Los Angeles by      telegraph, ordering him to close down the mine. Macready      could not return to Searchlight for four days, since the      train from Goffs to Manvel ran only three days a week. He did      not receive the message from Dunn until Thursday, so he had      to wait for the Monday train. Instead of biding his time      until the train ran, Macready wired two words to his foreman:      ``Crosscut south,'' instructing the men to continue work but      to extend the work at an angle rather than straight down.       When Hopkins originally purchased the Quartette, the shaft      was 100 feet deep. At the time of the apparent depletion of      funding, the shaft had reached the 300-foot level, and the      findings were not encouraging. In fact, the ore was averaging      only $3.84 in gold per ton. Since all of the ore in other      Searchlight mines was being found at depths of less than 100      feet, Benjamin Macready was actually charting unknown      territory when he ignored the instructions from his owners      and ordered the miners to continue. When he arrived in the      camp four days later, they had struck a bonanza--and they had      reached the ore after only two more shifts. By the time the      mining boom ended, the Quartette accounted for more than 50      percent of all the gold taken out of the Searchlight mining      district.       Twenty-three miles southwest of Searchlight was a railroad      connection, originally called Barnwell after the first      telegraph operator at the station. The Quartette and other      Searchlight operations had to haul ore over this twenty-three      miles of incredibly rough terrain in freight wagons to the      small railroad line, originally called the Nevada Southern      and then the California Eastern. From here, the ore was      shipped to the central complex of smelters and mills in      Needles, California. It was a time-consuming and expensive      operation. To curry favor with the Atchinson, Topeka, and      Santa Fe, to which this thirty-mile line connected, in 1893      the small railroad changed the name of Barnwell to Manvel,      for the Santa Fe president. The small railroad was taken over      by the Atchinson, Topeka, and Santa Fe in 1901. Shortly after      Searchlight was discovered, the president died, and the name      of the site was changed back to Barnwell. Ultimately, the      railroad built a line to Searchlight.       With the significant gold production at the Quartette, and      the long, hard haul to Barnwell, management agreed to finance      the construction of a mill at the Colorado River, about      fourteen miles east of Searchlight. The haul to the river      made sense because the load would be heavy going downhill and      the freight cars would be empty on the arduous trek back up      the hill. The construction of the mill at the river also      solved the problem of the lack of water in the immediate      Searchlight area. In fact, even at the 300-foot level, where      the big strike had occurred, there was no sign of water, at      the Quartette or at any other place in the camp.       Building the mill was not a difficult engineering task, but      constructing a railroad to the river was more complex and      expensive. It was, however, necessary in order to save costs      in the production and processing of the ore, and so the      decision was made to proceed. The construction of the mill      and narrow-gauge railroad took nearly a full year, until May      1902. The mill ran continuously until June of the following      year.       A significant water supply was finally reached at the      Quartette about the 500-foot level, at just about the time      when the mill and railroad construction was completed. The      discovery of water in the mine reduced the need for the      riverside mill.  I am up to chapter 4. We are marching along with my book. As I said, it was quite a job to write it. I am sure it has been a harder task for some people to read it, but it is something I am proud of. As I said, it sold well at Searchlight. But, of course, that is not much in the way of large sales. I have about 25 more chapters to go. The chapters are not long. That is the good news.  I will take a little sip of water. That is pretty good today. That is all the water I have drunk. I have been pretty careful in my water intake.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Roberts). Without objection, it is so ordered.  