Consumers, environmentalists, gun control advocates, and civil rights champions often turn to the class action process of our civil justice system because the Government--beholden to the special interest groups and the corporate agenda--simply is unwilling to take on these same big corporations.  Unfortunately, when you pit these two sides together on Capitol Hill, consumers don't have a chance. This bill is a clear indication of that.  The bill is fundamentally unfair and unnecessary. How can you be sure it is only the plaintiffs who are guilty of abusing forum shopping but never the defendant? That is the argument being made. They say we have to restrict the people who can bring lawsuits in court.  The argument on the other side is that there are so many frivolous lawsuits. The honest answer is that there are some frivolous lawsuits, and there always will be in a system open for any individual to file a lawsuit. On the other hand, we know many of these lawsuits--and I will recount several later on--give clear indications and evidence of the fact that many people who are sued in class action lawsuits have a real responsibility to the consumers and the American people that they don't meet.  I am concerned when they tell me the bill will restrict their ability to fight for rights of consumers and victims of corporate malfeasance, and I hope the sponsors can carry their burden in explaining to the American people why they believe this bill will not tilt the advantage to the corporate defendants.  To the extent there are abuses in the class action process, it should be addressed with a scalpel, not a sledgehammer, which this bill does. If the problem is concentrated only in a handful of State courts, the solution isn't to remove every case to Federal court. That is what this bill does.  The American Tort Reform Association, which represents all of the special interest groups that would close the courthouse doors, obviously championed this bill. They released a study recently which I find amazing and, in a way, offensive.  In their report, entitled, ``Bringing Justice to Judicial Hellholes 2002,'' this organization identified 13 counties or cities that they define as ``judicial hellholes,'' because they supposedly attract lawsuits from around the Nation to plaintiff-friendly courts.  What does that mean? If you are a lawyer in some part of the country and want to file a class action suit, this association argues that you can shop around to find the friendliest judges who will certify your class. That is the first step in a class action suit. The court has to basically certify under State law whether you can gather together the individuals you call your ``plaintiffs' class'' to sue a defendant. They argue that in some parts of America it is more likely to be certified than not. They characterize those as judicial hellholes. One of them is near and dear to me because it is in my home State, in Madison County, IL. I was born in St. Clair County, the adjoining county. I am familiar with Madison County and most of the people who practice law there and the judges on the bench.  Well, with all of their valiant and well-funded national research, the American Tort Reform Association came up with about a dozen ``hellhole'' counties, and a few more they call ``honorable mentions.''  That is about a total of 20 counties they have identified out of over 3,000 counties in the United States and more than 18,000 cities, villages, and towns--20 problem counties out of 21,000 cities and counties. That is fewer than .0001 percent of all the counties and cities in the country.  Clearly, if that is where the problem lies, with 20 places, why would we pass Federal legislation to affect every county and every city in America? Yet the solution the sponsors seek is exactly that.  Let me speak for a moment about the real story of Madison County because it has been recounted over and over by the advocates of tort reform as an outrageous, out-of-control situation.  It is said there have been hundreds of consumer class action cases filed in the last few years and rarely are any not certified for trial. That is what the American Tort Reform Association says. Yet while the number of filings increased, the number of consumer class action certifications in that county has actually declined over the last 2 years.  State judges, including those in Madison County, are disposing of frivolous consumer class action cases by refusing to certify them for trial. Moving them to Federal court simply transfers the responsibility for making that determination.  Let me give some numbers so we can get a feel for one of these judicial ``hellholes'' from the groups that advocate this legislation.  Madison County, IL: Consumer class actions filed--1999, 12; 2000, 39; 2001, 60; 2002, 76; 2003, 44 as of July 2.  Let's go back for each of those years and find out how many were actually certified to go forward and be tried. In 1999, 12 were filed, 6 were certified; in 2000, 39 filed, 14 certified; in 2001, 60 filed, 2 certified; in 2002, 76 filed, 1 certified; in 2003 so far, 44 filed, none certified.  Does this sound like a situation out of control? The sum total of all the class action lawsuits for these 5 years so far is 23 over 5 years--23 class action lawsuits in Madison County, IL, the so-called judicial ``hellhole.'' Frankly, the arguments made on the floor just are not borne by the facts.  Additionally, of 166 verdicts that were reached in all cases filed in Madison County, 55 resulted in no monetary verdicts to plaintiffs. Only 11 verdicts in the 166 cases tried resulted in verdicts in excess of $1 million. The median verdict for all cases in Madison County, IL, is $28,649.  If there are problems in any jurisdiction or any State, they can be solved there. In Alabama, for example, one of the favorite targets for criticism by tort reformers, the State supreme court reprimanded a few State judges who had certified numerous classes.  In Mississippi, another jurisdiction frequently mentioned by supporters of class action reform, the State legislature recently repealed Mississippi's venue and joinder statutes, making it more difficult to bring mass tort claims.  Removing these cases to Federal court does not solve the problem. In fact, it is going to heap more of a burden and demand for more specialization and responsibility on our Federal courts, many of which are already overburdened.  I see my colleagues are on the floor. I am going to take a few minutes to point out the kinds of lawsuits about which we are talking.  When the average person hears ``class action lawsuit,'' they may not have an idea of what it is about. I would like to give a few examples of class action lawsuits and understand, I hope, for a moment that those who are coming to the floor trying to restrict the rights of plaintiffs to come into a class and filea lawsuit have to face the reality of the history of class action legislation. We will find in these cases some recurring themes, but the most recurring theme is this:  The plaintiffs in a class action lawsuit were usually damaged a very slight amount or in a very limited way individually or as families, but when you take together the sum total of all the damage done by the defendant, it becomes substantial. If someone--Senator Leahy used this example in committee--if someone overcharges a person 2 cents a gallon for gasoline so that each time they fill up they lose 40 cents, there is not a great loss to an individual. But when you put that together in terms of the millions of people buying gasoline, one can understand that if the defendant corporation has been guilty of fraud or wrong dealing, they have made millions of dollars at the expense of 40 cents a fill-up of individual consumers. So class action lawsuits bring all these consumers in one group against a corporation that may have harmed them only a slight amount individually.  Let me give some examples. Foodmaker, Inc., the parent company of Jack-in-the-Box restaurants, agreed to pay $14 million in a class action settlement in the State of Washington. The class included 500 people, mostly children, who became sick in early 1993 after eating undercooked hamburgers tainted with E. coli. The victims suffered from a wide range of illnesses, from more benign sicknesses to those that required kidney dialysis. Three children died. The settlement was approved in 1996. So 500 individual families, instead of suing Jack-in-the-Box and its parent company Foodmaker, came together as a class because that corporation was selling products so tainted and adulterated that it led to death and serious illness--500 people, $14 million, but deaths were involved in the process.  Let me give another example. General Chemical of Richmond, CA. On July 26, 1993, the chemical oleum, a sulfuric acid compound, leaked from a railroad tank car. The leak caused a cloud to spread directly over North Richmond, CA, a heavily populated community. Over 24,000 people sought medical treatment because of that leak. General Chemical entered into a $180 million settlement with 60,000 northern California residents who were injured and sought treatment for the effects of that pollution. Individual plaintiffs received up to $3,500.  What is the likelihood that if you personally or a member of your family ended up going to a hospital or a doctor and had $500 or $600 or $1,000 in medical bills that you would turn around and hire a lawyer and sue General Chemical responsible for that illness in your family? I don't think the likelihood is very strong. But when they brought together the 60,000 people who were damaged because of this environmental leak of a sulfuric acid compound, the company agreed to pay $180 million to some 60,000 people.  Let me give another example. Beech-Nut Corporation, and its parent company Nestle, were accused of deceptive business practices, guilty of selling--listen to this--Beech-Nut and Nestle were found guilty of selling sugar water labeled as pure apple juice for infants. After passing blame back and forth between companies and suppliers, they eventually agreed to settlements of $3.5 million to reimburse consumers who unknowingly fed their babies sugar water instead of apple juice. Is that the kind of thing that merits a lawsuit? In an individual situation you may ask, How sick is the baby?  The bottom line is, these companies were trying to make money by deceiving parents into believing they were selling a nutritious product and ended up paying $3.5 million because of it.  Class action lawsuits by consumers who as individuals would never have a day in court, but coming together finally found justice in their State courts, a justice which is threatened by the so-called class action fairness bill which is before us today.  There was a class action lawsuit brought against Ford Motor Company for defective ignition systems in millions of cars that stalled on highways, and Mobile Corporation paid a $14 million settlement because of a class of residents in New Orleans who, after a fire at a Mobile Oil refinery and scattered debris sent volatile and hazardous compounds in the air, were forced to evacuate. The settlement was $13.4 million to those exposed to this pollution from the Mobil Oil refinery.  It was a class action lawsuit against a corporate giant. How many of those individual families would stand together seeking justice? In this case, they did stand together successfully. Individually would they have gone to court? Highly unlikely.  Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Iowa paid a $14.6 million settlement in three class action lawsuits because of fraudulent billing practices. Blue Cross apparently negotiated secret discounts with hospital and providers and failed to pass those along to those who should have received them--their customers. The list goes on and on.  I see several of my colleagues on the floor. I will close and say I am sure we are going to return to this issue in a short time. I ask my colleagues in the Senate who may not have practiced law, who may not be familiar with class action lawsuits to please do the following: Read these cases. Understand class action lawsuits are not always frivolous ideas.  I can recall some that were. There was a lawsuit brought by a class, not certified, for all the people who bought Milli Vanilli records, and then came later to learn that those two people were not even singing on the records. To me, that is a joke, a bad one. It is a fraud on the public but certainly not deserving of a class action suit.  How can one compare that to companies that sell tainted and adulterated food, to companies that deceive parents about the nutritious value of the foods they sell, or companies that are engaged in pollution that endangers the lives of individuals? Those companies need to be held accountable.  This bill tries to absolve them from liability, to move the cases to Federal court, to make it more difficult to push the classes together, and make it more difficult to recover. These are real live stories of ordinary families and people who will ultimately lose if this bill passes.  I hope the Senate has the good sense to stop this in its tracks, stand up for consumers and working families who need a voice in this Chamber even if they cannot afford a lobbyist in the hallway.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sununu). The Senator from Illinois.  