President, I wish to join the comments of the Senator from Michigan. It is, I am sure, painful and distracting for the administration to receive inquiries from Congress. It sure would be a lot easier if Congress wasn't around to mess up their work. I mean, we ask all these hard questions about what they are doing with the taxpayers' dollars. What are you doing to make America a safer place? I am sure if they did not have to answer those questions and be held accountable, they would have a lot more time to do other things.  I think the reason for the questions gets down to a basic document called the Constitution. If I remember correctly from early lessons, we do have three coequal branches of Government and a system of checks and balances. This administration has decided that particular part of the Constitution is going to be ignored.  Frankly, I don't think that serves our Nation very well. Whether it is a Democratic administration or a Republican administration, the fact is they have to be held accountable. The way they are held accountable is not only through an election, but through the operations of Congress which appropriates moneys, passes laws, and asks hard questions.  Now we see the official policy of this administration is to say we are only going to answer Republican-approved questions. That, to me, is a sad commentary on this administration which has, frankly, written a record of concealment in the years they have been here.  You recall the lawsuit that was involved when we drew up the Energy bill. We asked the Vice President of the United States, who was one of the designers of the administration's Energy bill, which special interest groups were sitting in the room when they wrote the bill. He said to Congress: It is none of your business. We don't have to tell you. We brought a suit against the administration asking for that information and we were unsuccessful.  Today we know there were special interest groups present. We just don't know who they were. If you look at the bill, you can see who they likely were. They are the ones that were rewarded--oil companies and major energy companies. They are the ones who did very well with this Energy bill.  When the Senator from Michigan raises this question as to what this new administration policy means, I think she really hits the nail on the head. Congress has an important constitutional role of oversight on this administration and any administration, and for this administration to decide that certain Senators and Congressmen cannot ask questions that will be answered, I think is going to set us back.  I had the same experience with the Department of Justice. Attorney General John Ashcroft, who served in this Senate for years and asked many questions of previous administrations, really loathes to answer any questions that come particularly from Democratic Senators. That has caused a lot of, I guess, concern because some of us believe there are important questions that need to be asked and answered.  The PATRIOT Act, for example, was a new delegation of authority 2 years ago to the Government. It gave the Government more power than they had before, power that comes close to, if it doesn't, infringing on our rights and liberties. We asked some questions: How is this Department of Justice using the PATRIOT Act? Unfortunately, the Attorney General has not been responsive. One might say: Well, he comes to Congress, doesn't he? He submits himself to questions? If we look at the record, we will see this Attorney General's record of coming to Congress and being held accountable is a record that shows he doesn't care to do that either.  They don't answer written inquiries, and the Attorney General does not appear personally. Frankly, that leads to mistrust, and it doesn't speak well of a democracy where that is the hallmark of their policy.  It strikes me Congress has some important responsibilities here, and one of them is reflected in the issue raised by the Senator from Michigan. Another one is reflected in this so-called 30-hour debate, this one-sided debate which is to take place next week. It appears the Republican majority in the Senate, 51, believe they have been treated unfairly because the President has only had 168 of his judicial nominees approved while 4 have been held up. That is right, the score is 168 to 4, and they are arguing that is unfair, so unfair we need to tie up the Senate, we need to stop consideration of appropriations bills, we need to stop any consideration of bills that might help the men and women in uniform who are fighting for us in Iraq and Afghanistan. We don't have time for that, but we have to spend 30 straight hours in a one-sided debate on the Republican side arguing that holding up 4 judges out of 172--4 out of 172--is somehow unconstitutional or unfair or unjust.  It goes to the heart of this same document, our Constitution, which says the Senate is not a rubberstamp. The Senate has the power to not just consent to judges, but to advise and consent, and that advise-and-consent role includes asking hard questions of judicial nominees.  The four who have been held up so far from the Bush White House, I think, represent the most extreme of his nominees. But there are many others who have been approved who have philosophies entirely consistent with the President and his administration.  Make no mistake, out of the 168 nominees who have gone through this Senate, a record number for any President, 168 have been approved. Of those, we will find many conservative Republicans with views much different than my own. We accept that. But for these 4, we think they have crossed a line, a line which really calls on us in our capacity as Senators with responsibility of the advise-and-consent clause to say at some point we have to say no for 4 judges out of 172.  I might add on this bill that is before us, at a later moment I will be offering an amendment. It is an amendment which really doesn't appear to have much to do with the Internet tax question, but it is an amendment I am going to continue to offer on every available bill until the Senate goes on record and passes it again and enacts it into law. It is an amendment which passed this Senate about 2 weeks ago by a vote of 96 to 3. It is an amendment which says Federal employees who are members of our National Guard and Reserve units who are activated will have their Federal salaries protected while they are serving our country.  This is exactly what happens to State employees in dozens of States and city and county employees across America where their units of government have said: If you go off to serve our Nation in the Guard and Reserve, we will stand behind you. We will make up the difference in your salary. We will protect your families' income while you are serving our Nation and risking your lives.  Sadly, the same standard is not applied to Federal employees. Here weare with 10 percent of the Guard and Reserve in Federal employment--120,000 of those who are in the Guard and Reserve are in Federal employment; 23,000 have been activated, and we do not make up the difference in their salaries while overseas.  For some, there is no difference, but for some there is a big disparity. I offered this amendment on the floor, and it was adopted 96 to 3.  Mr. McCAIN. Will the Senator yield so I can make an announcement?  