President, I thank the Senator from North Dakota for yielding and I rise in support of the amendment he has offered.  Also, I say welcome back to Senator Bob Graham of Florida. We are glad to have him off the trail and back in the Senate where we need him.  This is an interesting issue to bring to the American people because it is an issue where we ask this administration to stand by its own promises, to stand by its own words, and they cannot. They cannot because as recently as 6 months ago, the leaders of this administration said we would not be on the Senate floor today debating an $87 billion bill. They told not only the Senate and the House and the American people, they told the world that Iraq had the resources to take care of itself. It was part of the buildup to the war, a war which was built on false premises of nuclear weapons that did not exist, fissile material from Africa that did not exist, biological and chemical weapons which have not been discovered, and a link with al-Qaida which cannot be substantiated.  All of these were part of the rationale for invading Iraq with the coalition of the willing, which contained Great Britain and precious few other countries with major resources or troops. So we invaded Iraq and then said to the American people: Do not worry about after the war. The Iraqis are really rife with all sorts of oil resources and revenues. They can take care of themselves.  I am not making this up because if we followed the statements made by Paul Wolfowitz, the architect of the Iraq strategy, this is what Mr. Wolfowitz said in March:       . . . the oil revenues of that country--  Iraq--     could bring between $50 and $100 billion over the course of      the next two or three years. . . . We're dealing with a      country that can really finance its own reconstruction, and      relatively soon.  Hello. Deputy Secretary Wolfowitz, how can you rationalize coming to Congress 6 months later and asking for $20 billion after you told us that Iraq could finance its own reconstruction?  He was not alone in these pronouncements. This is Secretary of Defense Don Rumsfeld saying at about the same time:       I don't believe the United States has the responsibility      for reconstruction in a sense . . . And the funds can come      from those various sources I mentioned: frozen assets, oil      revenues and a variety of other things.  What they were trying to do was paint a picture to the American people that there was no pain, all gain: We will remove Saddam Hussein and, frankly, the world will greet us as heroes, as will the Iraqi people, and then they will use their revenues to rebuild the country and prove you can have a much better government in Iraq.  I certainly hope for the Iraqi people they do have a better government, but should it not be at their expense rather than our expense?  The point that was made by the Senator from North Dakota is a telling point. We are borrowing money in the United States from Social Security, from American taxpayers, and from our children; we are increasing the deficit of this country to come up with $87 billion, $20 billion of which is going to rebuild Iraq.  We are going to have that debt when it is over, according to President Bush and his supporters on the Senate floor. Yet the reason we cannot ask Iraq to shoulder this burden itself, despite all of these pronouncements from Secretary Rumsfeld and Assistant Secretary Wolfowitz, is that Iraq has its own obligations to countries such as Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.  Look at the debt of Iraq that we are protecting by borrowing money from Social Security. Their biggest creditors include Saudi Arabia, the gulf states, Kuwait, Russia, Japan, France, and Germany. Frankly, I care less about the royal family in Saudi Arabia than I do about American families counting on Social Security.  Why doesn't the President? Why doesn't the President of the United States believe that Saudi Arabia, which trusted Saddam Hussein to lend him millions of dollars, should frankly be the ones to lose in any bargain about Iraq's future? No. From the Bush administration viewpoint, the losers should be the American taxpayers, our children, and people counting on Social Security.  So the Senator from North Dakota asked an obvious question: If they have all of this oil revenue, why can't they pledge that revenue to raise the money to rebuild their own country? It is just that simple. Someone has to borrow the money to rebuild Iraq. It will either be the American taxpayers or thepeople of Iraq. I think the answer to that particular challenge is very obvious, and the Senator from North Dakota has hit the nail on the head with his amendment.  Let me add something else. This administration has really been floundering when it comes to the plans after the invasion of Iraq. I give credit to the military. In 3 weeks they did an extraordinary job. Since then, things have been just fumbled around. We went from General Garner to Ambassador Bremer, and while we were out last week and the Senate was back home, Condoleezza Rice was given the authority for rebuilding Iraq. This is getting hard to follow. It frankly betrays the fact that this administration does not know which way to head.  Here is the fundamental problem: We want Iraq to be a stable and secure nation. We would like to see them move toward self-government and toward a market economy, but all of this will take an enormous amount of money and time, and an enormous departure from a country which has no history of any of the things I just mentioned.  Iraq was created by the British colonial empire. They drew a line on a map and said: We will call this Iraq. Up until that point in time, there was little to trace the history of anything called Iraq. Now we are trying to make this into a nation state. First we have to establish not only a national identity that is not from the command and control of a dictator, but also we have to establish an economy that can build a middle class that can participate in democracy as we know it. This is a long, expensive process.  Who should pay for it? American taxpayers or the people of Iraq? I think the answer to that question is very obvious. I hope my colleagues, who feel duty bound to stand by the Bush administration no matter what, will only stand by the statements made by the Bush administration to the American people 6 months ago. If the people in this Chamber will stand by the promises of Secretary Wolfowitz, Vice President Cheney, and Secretary Rumsfeld, then Senator Dorgan is going to be successful. However, if this turns out to be a partisan rollcall, take it or leave it, you are with the President or not, then the losers are going to be families across America. Families are going to see Social Security trust funds used to build Iraq while oil revenues in Iraq are used to pay off the Saudis who loaned money to Saddam Hussein. That I think is an outrageous outcome.  I think the Senator from North Dakota has it right. We have done a great deal for Iraq to date. We are spending $1 billion a week. We have lost over 300 brave American soldiers. Walter Reed Hospital, not far from Capitol Hill, has rooms filled with soldiers, men and women, who went to Iraq who came back wounded with grievous injuries. We have given a lot. We should not ask the American taxpayers to give up more.  