 A few minutes ago, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tommy Thompson, was on the floor. It is his right to visit with us. It is an opportune moment for him to come as the Senator from Pennsylvania reminds us that we are not going into socialism, socialized medicine, command and control; we are not going to have the Government bargaining on the prices of medicine.  Yet I guess the Senator from Pennsylvania has forgotten that during the anthrax crisis when Cipro, which was going to be used as an antidote, was $4.67 a pill, Secretary Thompson negotiated for America to reduce the price of that drug in the midst of the crisis to 75 cents. He was quoted as saying:       Everyone said I wouldn't be able to reduce the price of      Cipro. I'm a tough negotiator.  Sounds a lot like command and control for me.  For Americans, they are taking a look at this bill and saying: Who is going to speak for us? This 1,100 page bill prohibits reimportation of drugs from Canada. So our friends, the seniors and families and others who are looking there for relief, they will not be getting it out of this bill. Even worse, as has been noted, in this one page that I take out of 1,100, page 53, lines 18 through 26, we prohibit Medicare from negotiating lower drug prices.  The Senator from Pennsylvania says that is because we believe in the free market. Let the market set the price.  I might say to my friend from Pennsylvania, how do you explain the multibillion-dollar subsidies for HMOs included in this bill? How do you explain the $6 billion subsidy for your friends with health savings accounts in this bill? Frankly, you can't, under free market principles.  Let me say, when you take a look at this bill you understand that we are squandering $6 billion for retiree coverage. That is one of the key elements. We create these new health savings accounts. I will not go into the long and lurid history, but when Mr. Newt Gingrich of Georgia took control of the House, he brought with him one of his best pals, the Golden Rule Insurance Companies from Lawrenceville, IL. In fact, the Speaker was so smitten with this company he cut a television ad for them with their medical savings accounts. Frankly, they returned the favor, contributing over $3.6 million to Republican congressional candidates. It was such a sweet arrangement. They would pass bills sending more business to Golden Rule, Golden Rule would send millions of dollars to Republican candidates.  Frankly, that meant nothing compared to this bill. This bill gives $6 billion for health savings accounts that have nothing to do with Medicare and nothing to do with prescription drugs for seniors. This is the largest single giveaway I have ever seen in 21 years. It is in this bill.  Now, let me connect the dots. Turns out Golden Rule Insurance Company was recently purchased. Who bought Golden Rule Insurance Company? A group called UnitedHealthcare, down here, whose CEO, Channing Wheeler, was paid $9.5 million, a sweet salary; compared to other HMO execs--not that great.  Now connect the dots. Golden Rule, a friend of the Republican Party, purchased by UnitedHealthcare; UnitedHealthcare is the largest insurance group working with AARP. It all comes together.  AARP is selling this product for UnitedHealth Group, a $6 billion subsidy in this bill, and now they have discovered this is the best bill in the world.  I suggest to all my colleagues and all those watching this debate, call AARP. Here is the telephone number, 1-800-424-3410. Tell them to stand up for seniors for a change, tell them to fight for Medicare, tell them to stop the sweetheart deals with Golden Rule and UnitedHealthcare. We need to make sure the people who wrote this bill get back to work and eliminate these giveaways, the multibillion-dollar giveaways, the subsidizing for these great free market disciples that are included in this bill. And we need to do it now. Sustain the point of order. Vote no on the waiver of the point of order.  