 Mr. President, I thank the Senator for focusing the attention of the Senate on an issue of such moral gravity. As the President of the United States said in Africa yesterday, that continent has never been challenged as greatly as it is challenged today by the AIDS epidemic. I might add parenthetically, the world has never been challenged in a way we are being challenged today by this world AIDS epidemic.  I sit on the Democratic side of the aisle and am proud of my party loyalty, but when I went to the State of the Union Address with President Bush just a few months ago and he said the United States of America was going to lead the world with a $15 billion commitment over 5 years to fight the global AIDS epidemic, this Democrat stood up and applauded as loudly as he could. And ever since, every opportunity I have had, I have given this President credit for leading our Nation in the right direction on the global AIDS epidemic.  I add, as well, I am happy this President has joined two of his predecessors in visiting sub-Saharan Africa. We have overlooked this continent far too long. There is great potential in sub-Saharan Africa, a great potential for economic growth and a great potential for building democracy, building a market economy.  But as President Bush has learned and everyone who visits Africa learns, this whole continent is consumed with this epidemic. You can go to Africa looking for any issue you are interested in; I guarantee what you will find is the AIDS epidemic. Whether you are interested in food, AIDS, or economic development, whether microcredit or education, your first concern will be the AIDS epidemic.  How can you teach children in school when school teachers are dying at an alarming rate? How do you keep up with the health care needs with so many AIDS orphans and so many infected people? What is the economic future of a country where you cannot predict what next month's workforce will look like? All of these issues, whatever they may be, all point to the one central concern: Fighting and conquering this epidemic.  We applauded President Bush on both sides of the aisle for the $15 billion over 5 years. What Senator Bingaman is doing today is saying to the Senate, don't let the applause die down. Let's give the President a chorus of support, not just a chorus of applause. Let's make certain those who did stand up and laud the President for his leadership will be here doing our part.  It is inexcusable to say we can only spend $2 billion this year to fight the global AIDS epidemic. The United States can do more and must do more. If we do not, more people will become infected, more people will die, more AIDS orphans will populate the poor countries around the world which means the challenges in the later years will be even more substantial.  How much money is needed at this point? Here is an estimate that has been given from the United Nations agency about the need to fight the global AIDS epidemic. If you look at the next fiscal year, 2004, $8 billion is needed on a global basis. The United States AIDS spending is substantial but, unfortunately, it makes up only a small part of this global need. Frankly, when you look at what the President has proposed, if we could increase our spending to a $3 billion level it could make a significant difference.  This year about $4.7 billion will be spent worldwide fighting the global AIDS problem; $1.6 billion of international bilateral assistance country to country of which the United States puts up about $640 million; $1 billion in multilateral AIDS groups like the Global Fund, which I support; $1 billion by the governments of infected countries, and $1.1 billion by the families of those infected countries--about $4.7 billion. And the need is $8 billion.  What Senator Bingaman brings to the Senate today is an amendment asking the Senate to put the money where the promise has been made. The President has toured South Africa, Botswana, countries like Senegal. In visiting these countries he has said the United States is committed to $15 billion. With the Bingaman amendment, we will make certain that commitment is more than just passing rhetoric.  I say to my colleagues in the Senate who have had a chance to travel overseas and not visited Africa, if you want to be a convert on the urgency of this issue, visit Africa. Meet the people who are infected today and are trying, every single day, just to survive.  Go to Soweto Township in South Africa, as I did just a few months ago with Senator Feingold of Wisconsin, and meet women who are infected with HIV who have small children and will never be able to have access to antiretroviral therapy which could keep their lives stronger and longer than otherwise would be the case. The best they could hope for is one nutritional meal a day, to give them strength to ward off infection.  Come to the streets of South Africa. Come see in Cape Town the AIDS orphans roaming those streets, AIDS orphans--I saw this with my own eyes--who are sniffing glue, stealing, living on the streets. Their families are gone. It is repeated over and over, thousands of times, millions of times, in sub-Saharan Africa.  Come to Uganda and find those battling with the AIDS epidemic with very little money but great resolve, preaching abstinence and fidelity and condoms if necessary to protect themselves. These are people winning this battle every single day, waging the battle every single day, surviving for another day. But they need our help.  The richest nation on Earth should put $3 billion on the line this year, this next year, as the President has promised--in 2004. By keeping that promise, we will say to the world, we are not only trying to meet our moral obligation, we are urging you to do the same.  This money has a multiplier effect. Mr. President, $3 billion from the United States will multiply into more and more money being spent on the global AIDS crisis. But, likewise, our failure to do so, our failure to keep our word--what the President said in the State of the Union Address--that is going to be noted as well.  We have a lot more we can do. It is not just a matter of humanity and compassion; it is a matter of global security. These countries that are devastated by AIDS are fragile societies which, if they fall, if they cannot maintain their civil structure, will become vacuums, and in those vacuums we know we will find havens for terrorism, laboratories and experiments for the worst possible political outcomes. We don't want that to happen.  We need to stand together with the President. I don't think we should be making excuses or coming up with alternatives. Let's put our money where the President promised it would be. Let this President, traveling in Africa, receive word within an hour that the Senate is standing behind him. The promises he is making to the continent of Africa are promises which both political parties in the Senate are going to stand behind. That is the best possible message.  Senator Bingaman, Senator Leahy, Senator Daschle, I, and others want to make certain $3 billion will be available next year to combat this pandemic across the world.  I stand in strong support of this amendment, and I reserve the remainder of my time.  