I will not question his conclusion, unless the Senator on that side would like to correct the record. That is the problem faced by the Republican caucus.  I say to the Senator from Nevada that I am prepared to deliver them from their plight. I am prepared to give them hope and direction. I am going to make a unanimous consent request that we stop this debate right now and move immediately to the consideration of an economic stimulus package and that we engage all of the Senators, Democrats and Republicans, to come to the floor and talk about what we can do to turn the economy around, create jobs, create consumer confidence, give businesses some hope, try to find some way to put Americans back to work.  Let's stop talking about Miguel Estrada, who has a good job downtown for a law firm, and start talking about the millions of Americans who are worried about their jobs and whether they will have them in the future.  When I make the unanimous consent request, if there is no objection, I say to those following the debate, we will move directly to the economic stimulus package. In that debate, perhaps by the end of the week, we can come up with something that shows that the Senate cares, that this Congress cares about the state of the economy.  Now, if by chance a Republican Senator stands up and objects to my unanimous consent request, that Senator is saying that he does not want us to talk about the economy, doesn't want us to talk about economic stimulus; he wants us to stay mired down in one judicial nomination for the remainder of this week. I cannot believe any Republican Senator would object to this unanimous consent request, which I will make now. I believe it is going to finally move us away from this judicial nomination to the issue people care about across America, getting this economy moving.  Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session and begin the consideration of Calendar No. 21, S. 414, a bill to provide an economic stimulus package for America.  