There is no controversy concerning the underlying legislation; the controversy that has arisen came up because of an amendment offered by Congressman Feeney of Florida which found its way into the House version of the bill and then became a subject matter in the conference.  I ask the Senator from Utah this: There appears to be a legitimate difference of opinion, but a very important difference of opinion, about the chart that he has brought to the Chamber. I received, and I believe he also received, a letter from the president of the American Bar Association yesterday. The American Bar Association president wrote to us talking about theso-called downward departures where a decision is made by a judge to impose a sentence below the recommended minimum. He said:       In fiscal year 2001--  The last year shown on the Senator's chart--     of 19,416 downward departures awarded Federal defendants,      approximately 15,318 came on Government motion.  Put another way, in 2001, 7 percent of downward departures in the United States were requested by the prosecutor, by the Government.  I know the Senator from Utah sees it differently, but I would like to ask him in good faith--this is a good-faith question--many of us are concerned about sentencing guidelines, whether they are too strong or too weak and whether we should reassess them. I think that was the reason the Senator from Massachusetts offered that approach in the conference. Would the Senator from Utah, in an effort to try to bring together what he has asked for, bipartisan support, to give us his promise that he would look into a hearing relative to the sentencing guidelines so that we can finally bring to rest these questions of fact behind the downward departures and whether we need to look anew at some of these sentencing guidelines.  Many of us think that hearing and conversation is long overdue. If the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee would agree to such a hearing, that might move us closer to the adoption of this conference report.  