 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from New York and my seatmate on the Senate Judiciary Committee for the statement he made on this important nomination. I think he has made this point. I listened earlier today when President Bush spoke to the Latino Coalition at the White House, in the Executive Office Building. I listened to what he said about Miguel Estrada. I find it difficult to quarrel with any of the statements he said about the man's quality.  I met him personally. There is no doubt he has an inspiring life story, having come to the United States from Honduras with limited knowledge of English and, in a matter of a few years, reaching the heights of a legal education at Harvard Law School. Then, of course, there are his opportunities to serve our Government in a legal capacity, and now in private practice. All of these attest to his legal acumen, his legal skills, and the fact he has overcome adversity. Those are qualities we want to respect and reward when it comes to those seeking public service.  The issue before us is one that is narrow in one respect but much broader in another. It is narrow in that we are not questioning his academic or legal credentials or even his experience. I quarrel with those who say he has never been on the bench, in the judiciary. That is not good enough from my point of view. I have seen first timers on the bench in Federal and State courts who have done very well.  What we are questioning--the narrow aspect--is whether he has been forthcoming, honest, and candid in revealing his views on issues, not going so far as to be intrusive in terms of pending cases before the court, or not suggesting he answer a question that is a conflict of interest, but rather that he comes to the heart of the question: What is in his mind? Is he truly a conservative--and we expect those nominees from this President--or is he something more? And if he is something more, should we pause, should we reflect on this fact? Should we ask the hard question of whether this man is entitled to a lifetime appointment to the bench which the President characterized today as the second highest court in the land, the DC Circuit Court of Appeals?  Sadly, when one looks at the record of responses from Miguel Estrada, it is unfortunate. It is truly unfortunate because I believe he has views that he can share with us. I believe he certainly has the knowledge to answer the questions. But he was coached and trained and cautioned not to come to Capitol Hill and be honest and open in his answers.  I am sure the people at the Department of Justice said: Miguel, you may want to answer these questions, but do not do it. Trust us, do not answer them. Give them an evasive answer for anything. Try to move on, get it behind you, get this to the floor. You have enough votes, and you never have to answer those questions.  He probably said at some point: Wait a minute; I do not mind answering a question such as which Supreme Court case do I disagree with. And they said: Be careful. If you start answering those questions, we do not know where this could lead.  He followed that advice, or followed someone's advice. He came before the Judiciary Committee and refused to answer the questions.  So now we have a broader issue. The broader issue is this: If the Senate, and particularly the Judiciary Committee, is to accept this approach from nominees, why in the world are we here? Why do we swear to uphold this Constitution when it comes to advice andconsent? Why is it we go through any process whatsoever with nominees? Because we know if Miguel Estrada comes through under these circumstances, the order of the day will be for future nominees: Evasion, concealment, refusal to answer the most basic questions. If that is the case, then, frankly, I think we are not meeting our responsibility.  The broader issue is a constitutional responsibility of this Senate. It has been raised before and should be raised again. There is an easy way to end this impasse and end it within a matter of days. We have asked Miguel Estrada to produce the documents which he generated in the Solicitor General's Office, documents which we can review--in fact, we could review them on a restricted basis.  One of the Republican Senators I admire very much, Mr. Bennett of Utah, suggested these documents be produced and given to Senator Hatch, a Republican, and Senator Leahy, a Democrat. They can review them. I do not have to see them as a member of the Judiciary Committee. They can decide whether they merit further inquiry, either with written questions or another hearing. If they decide, on the basis of that in camera and private review, that they do not merit that kind of followup, I will accept Senator Leahy's judgment on that.  I do not speak for myself only. Yesterday, Senator Daschle came to the floor and I asked him point blank if Miguel Estrada will produce this documentation, which he says he wants to voluntarily turn over, to be reviewed by Senators Hatch and Leahy, and if there is anything controversial we have a chance to follow up or not, can this bring the matter to a close, to a vote?  I think Senator Daschle spoke for virtually all of us on the Democrat side and said: Yes, it can. I think that is a fair way to bring this to a conclusion.  This morning I said to Senator Hatch: Isn't that a way to bring this to an end? Isn't that a reasonable way, a dignified way, that does not turn loose all these documents for the world to see and for the press to pore over but gives it to Senator Hatch and Senator Leahy to review them and see if there is anything that merits a followup?  Senator Hatch said: That is absolutely unacceptable. These are privileged documents and never have they been released and we are not going to start now. Start releasing internal memos and documents like this, and there is no end to it and the White House is right. Despite Miguel Estrada's objections, the White House is right to refuse to release those documents.  I call the attention of my colleagues and those following this debate to the fact that Senator Hatch perhaps did not tell the whole story because when we look at requests for writings such as Miguel Estrada's writings, in the past the Department of Justice has provided memos by attorneys during the following nominations: William Bradford Reynolds, nominated to be Associate Attorney General, the Republican Department of Justice provided the documents then. Robert Bork, the controversial--celebrated in some quarters--nominee to the Supreme Court, he, too, was asked to provide the documents. The Department of Justice did. Benjamin Civiletti, nominated to be Attorney General, provided similar documents to this Congress for review by the Senate Judiciary Committee; Stephen Trott, nominated to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, same standard applied, documents provided from the Department of Justice.  Finally, I know it is at the bottom of the list and it maybe should have been at the top, Justice William Rehnquist, when he was nominated to be Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, was asked by those before me who were members of the Judiciary Committee for memoranda that he had prepared. They were provided by the Department of Justice.  For Senators' staff and others to argue that this request is patently unreasonable, unacceptable, and unprecedented, I suggest that in five specific instances, Democratic and Republican Departments of Justice, with Democratic and Republican Attorneys General, these documents have been provided.  Let me go further. I am going to ask in a moment for these letters to be printed in the Record, but we have letters to the then-chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Joe Biden, from the State of Delaware, relative to the nominations of two individuals, Judge Robert Bork to the Supreme Court--I am sorry. Both of these related to Judge Robert Bork's nomination to the Supreme Court.  It is interesting that the Ronald Reagan Department of Justice, with a Republican Attorney General, produced the very documents that we are discussing today, which Senator Hatch and others have said are unprecedented, that there has never been a request of this nature.  Frankly, in reading the letter of transmittal of presentation from the Department of Justice, we see they decided that in the interest of disclosure, in the interest of openness and candor, that they would cooperate, as they say, to the fullest extent possible with the committee to expedite Judge Bork's confirmation process.  And I quote further from this letter signed by John Bolton, Assistant Attorney General:       Accordingly, we have decided to take the exceptional step      of providing the committee with access to responsive      materials we currently possess, except those privileged      documents specifically described above. Of course, our      decision to produce these documents does not constitute a      waiver of any future claim of privilege.  And it should not. But in this instance, the Department of Justice, with the Robert Bork nomination to the Supreme Court before them, made a decision to cooperate with the committee.  In this case, Miguel Estrada, realizing he has never sat on the bench before, and he does not have a body of opinion to which we can turn to understand his judicial philosophy and thinking, has said he is prepared to turn over these memos so we can review them. He believes they are not controversial. He believes they will shed light, perhaps, on his point of view. I think he is probably right, but we will not know.  