President, I know it is late at night, so I will abbreviate this debate. I hope it is no reflection on the seriousness of this issue. Everyone understands the global AIDS epidemic is a challenge facing our generation and our children's generation to which we need to respond.  As I said earlier today, there has been outstanding leadership on this issue on both sides of the aisle. The President of the United States, in the State of the Union Address, set a standard and goal for America that deserves the applause of both sides of the aisle--a $15 billion commitment to the global AIDS fight.  I have seen extraordinary efforts on both sides of the aisle, with Senator Frist, our majority leader, on the Republican side, as the nominal and real leader on this issue, as well as Senator Lugar; and on our side, Senator Biden, as well as Senator Kerry. The list goes on.  The reason I raise these points at this moment is this: I served for 14 years in the House before I came to the Senate. It is a very important Chamber. They make important decisions. But all wisdom doesn't reside on that side of the rotunda. What I am asking you to consider this evening as the initial amendment on this issue is what we have already voted for in the Senate on a bipartisan basis. What I am suggesting to you is not novel; it is not radical; it is not partisan; it is what the Senate agreed to do. I am asking us to stand behind our bipartisan position and say to our friends in the House this is not a wholesale change of your bill, but it is a modification that is critically important.  Let me tell you why I think it is critically important and why I hope we can stand together as the Senate and say to the House Members, please, let's work together for this modification, which is really to the benefit of all of us.  Here is what it does. It relates to our contribution to the global fund. It is what we have already voted for in the Senate. It says that in the next fiscal year, 2004, we will contribute $1 billion to the global fund under the following conditions: The first $500 million will go to the global fund, with no strings attached, no limitations. The second $500 million will go, as long as it is matched by other contributions--and not just matched but matched on a 2-to-1 basis.  In other words, the second tranche of $500 million will require $2 of foreign contributions from other nations for every $1 contributed by the United States. That is the approach that I believe is sensible. It says we are committed to the global fund and we understand that they need resources, but the United States cannot carry this alone. We will lead because we are the richest nation on Earth, and our President has committed us to this leadership. But then, once we have made the $500 million commitment, we will turn to the rest of the world to join us in this effort.  That is not a radical notion; it is a notion which, frankly, the House version of this bill considers as well. But there is an error in the language in the House bill. Some of you have said to me you just want to take this bill as passed by the House, pass it in the Senate, not change a word, and hand it to the President on Air Force One on his way to the G-8 conference.  If you will turn to page 38 of the House version, there is a serious error about the match. It suggests, when you read it, that we are not putting up a third of the money to be matched but 25 percent. It is just a drafting error. But as wise, as seasoned, and as experienced as the House Members may be, they made a mistake.  This amendment corrects that mistake and it says it is truly a 2-to-1 match. We will come up with one-third. They made a mistake in drafting. Why would we want the President to take that mistake with him on Air Force One?  I also tell you that this bill does something the House bill doesn't do. I think it is something they would readily agree to. We all know, at least, that the global fund has been recently reviewed by the GAO and it was found to be a good organization, committing money to good projects around the world. But we owe it to the taxpayers of this country to make sure that the dollars we put in the global fund are well spent.  So this amendment, offered by myself, Senator Daschle, Senator Kerry, and others, makes public and available all the approved proposals to the global fund--transparency--so we can see what they are funding.  It lists all the organizations that make up the country coordinating mechanism. It lists all the organizations receiving funding, and it calls for a report from the global fund that includes where the money is going to be spent.  That is the kind of accountability and transparency which does not violate the spirit of the House bill but merely adds provisions which I think protect taxpayers' dollars in a responsible way.  I withhold the remainder of my time and yield to the other side for their response. I hope my colleagues will favorably consider this amendment.  