Because the President promised the age-old Republican response: If you just cut taxes on the wealthiest people in America, it is bound to enliven and energize the economy. Well, he did it. I voted no when it came to that issue. But it passed. It did not work. What happened was we wound up with a deficit and a weaker economy.  So the Bush tax plan failed in the first instance. Now the President has said: I have a new economic policy, and it is called: More of the same; let's try to do this, and do it at even greater levels, which will drag us more deeply into deficit.  I would like to illustrate this point to the Senator from Nevada by showing him a couple charts, if I can find them.  President Bush, on January 29, 2002, in his State of the Union Address, was quoted as saying:       Our budget will run a deficit that will be [a] small and      short term [deficit.]  Then, take a look at what this means. We are going to have record deficits in terms of the Bush administration, the legacy that is going to be left from the President. The actual deficits, which our children will have to pay, are going to break records.  Isn't it interesting that the Republicans, who have fashioned themselves as fiscal conservatives, now find themselves, once again, in a posture of creating the biggest deficits in the history of the United States--harkening back to President Ronald Reagan's administration?  But if you take a look at the surpluses, which we thought we would enjoy for a long time to come, they started with $236 billion to $127 billion. We are paying down the debt in the Social Security trust fund. And then it falls off the table.  In comes the George Bush tax plan, and the state of the economy, and the recession, and look at these deficits start to grow--in the range of $300 billion plus. The administration just gives the back of the hand to those deficits and says they are not really long-term problems.  They are long-term problems because they have to be repaid. And it does not show the kind of discipline, in which we should be engaged. The tax plan proposed by the President is a plan which, sadly, is going to plunge the United States more deeply into deficit and is not going to revive the economy.  