President, I intended to offer an amendment to address fundamental concerns that a provision in this bill discriminates against children in need of special education services because they happen to live in the District of Columbia. That provision imposes a limitation of $3,000 on how much the District of Columbia may pay per case in attorney's fees to plaintiffs who prevail in litigation brought against the District of Columbia public schools under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, IDEA, in order to enroll their children in special education services.  I would prefer that we eliminate section 135 from the bill entirely. Congress should not impose restrictions on the District of Columbia's use of local funds. If someone is raising a childwith a serious learning disability and wants that child evaluated for enrollment in a special education program, we have provisions in the law across America governing access to services. This law provides for the awarding of reasonable attorney's fees at prevailing community rates to parties who prevail in their due process proceedings. It is only in the District of Columbia that some Members of Congress want to unfairly limit the amount paid to those attorneys. These same Congressmen and Senators would never impose such limitations on their own States and districts. In last year's Senate appropriations bill for the District of Columbia, the Senate overwhelmingly supported an amendment I offered to soften the impact of a $2,500 attorney fee limitation by designating certain situations in which such a cap would not apply.  I have been engaged in extensive discussions with my colleague, Senator Hutchison, the chief proponent of section 135, which have led to a modification of that provision. The nature and amount of attorney fees in special education cases brought under IDEA raise serious questions about both the adequacy of in-school programs to serve special education students and some aggressive activities of certain attorneys and firms. The modification raises the limit on the amounts which may be paid to $4,000 per action. It also precludes the payment of the fees of any attorney or firm whom the chief financial officer of the District of Columbia determines to have a pecuniary interest, either through an attorney, officer, or employee of the firm, in any special education diagnostic services, schools, or other special education service providers.  I note that this bill mandates that the chief financial officer of the District of Columbia require disclosure by attorneys in IDEA cases of any financial, corporate, legal, board memberships, or other relationships with special education diagnostic services, schools, or other special education service providers before paying any attorney's fees. The chief financial officer may also require attorneys in special education cases to certify that all services billed in special education were rendered. The bill also directs that the chief financial officer will prepare and submit quarterly reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the certifications and the amount paid by the government of the District of Columbia, including the District of Columbia public schools, to attorneys in cases brought under IDEA. The bill further allows the inspector general of the District of Columbia to conduct audits of the certification to ensure attorney compliance.  I endorse the committee report's strong recommendation that the council of the District of Columbia, in cooperation with the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the District of Columbia school board, develop legislation to address conflicts of interest in special education cases.  I hope these provisions will produce needed accountability. I hope these provisions will help prevent manipulative practices by a few which unfortunately denigrate the honest, dedicated work of the vast majority of the attorneys who devote their careers to serving vulnerable families and children through legal representation in special education placement cases.  It is my expectation that the reauthorization of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act and reform efforts by the District of Columbia Public Schools will make the imposition of caps on how much the District of Columbia may pay in attorney's fees in IDEA cases unnecessary in subsequent appropriations bills.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I voted in support of the Edwards amendment to delay the implementation of the EPA's final rule on New Source Review for six months for the purpose of ascertaining the impact on air quality and human health. There has been significant controversy and uncertainty about the effects of this rule. I believe in this case we need to have an independent assessment in order to assure the public that this regulatory change will not jeopardize existing air quality or human health.  Given that the rule represents a significant change in national clean air policy, we should have this essential information in hand at this final phase of the rule-making process. However, we haven't seen any thorough or independent analysis of the pertinent data or a definitive assessment of impacts.  I have stated my strong view on the issue of global climate change that we have sufficient information to move forward to define effective measures to address this most serious environmental problem. In order to move forward responsibly with this significant change of air emissions regulation, we apparently need additional scientific information.  I am struck by the extent of disagreement over the effects of this change amongst air quality experts, members of the regulated community, air quality regulators on the federal, state, and local levels, and environmental groups. I believe the federal taxpayers who pay for this regulatory program, in terms of both dollars and health impacts, would want Congress to approve the implementation of this new regulatory regime only if we are certain the costs are commensurate with the benefits.  At this point, there is significant confusion on this score. The EPA has testified that 50 percent of the facilities that are now subject to the Clean Air Act's technology requirements would fall out of those requirements under the rule changes. A number of reputable studies indicate that emissions will increase as a result. The argument has also been made by the Administration and others that air quality will improve because facilities would be encouraged to install new, more energy-efficient technology.  This amendment provides a six month period for an independent panel of scientific experts to give us the information that we need in order to assert that this policy change will benefit the public and the environment, as well as the regulated community. Once we have this information, we should move forward decisively to either put the final rule in place or reject this approach.  