Math was a minor. Law was a major.  But in this situation, where a decision was made that we can no longer debate these nominees, we also had before us a nominee from Ohio, a justice on the Ohio Supreme Court, Deborah Cook, whom I had a chance to ask a few questions of in that marathon hearing where three controversial nominees were scheduled for the same day. I do not know if the Senator from New York was present. But I sent a written question to this justice and asked her point blank: Tell me a little about your thinking, about your judicial philosophy, particularly the concept of strict construction of the Constitution--that is a cliche almost, but it is a catch phrase that is used to try to judge whether someone is far to the right, far to the left, or whatever it happens to be.  Justice Cook, in her reply to me, said that she did not characterize herself as a strict constructionist, but she went on to say that those who were strict constructionists--and I wish I had the direct quote in front of me--were less likely to decide in favor of such things as Brown v. The Board of Education, Miranda v. Arizona, and Roe v. Wade.  My staff has been kind enough to give me this question.  I asked her the following:       Do you think the Supreme Court's most important decisions--     Brown, Miranda and Roe--are consistent with strict      constructionism?  This is her answer, a judicial nominee:       If strict constructionism means that rights do not exist      unless explicitly mentioned in the Constitution, then the      cases you mention likely would not be consistent with that      label.  I said in the committee and I say here, that is a painful answer for me to hear, to think that those who believe that a strict construction of the Constitution would not lead them to integrate America's schools, to protect a woman's privacy, or to give to criminal defendants the most basic rights, knowledge of their constitutional rights--painful for me to read this, but painfully honest.  The point I make to the Senator from New York, and then I will let him finish: Is that not what we are looking for? Are we not looking for candor and honesty from the nominees to reach a conclusion on an up-or-down vote?  In a situation where candidates, nominees, such as Miguel Estrada, refuse to answer the traditional questions asked by Republicans of Democratic nominees, where Senators from a home State do not have a voice in whether a judicial nominee comes before the committee, when three controversial nominees are put in a hearing in one day on the Judiciary Committee, where the chairman of the Judiciary Committee eliminates the protection of the right to debate nominees, do we not have a closing down of this kind of candor, openness, and honesty that we are seeking, moving instead towards secrecy and stealth? Does this not get to the heart of the issue as to whether or not the judges we select for lifetime appointments to the highest courts of the land are people whom we know, who answer questions honestly before they are given that terrific opportunity to serve our Nation?  