But they fail to account for several things. One is that a more fuel efficient vehicle costs more money to operate. If it costs $1,200--and that is the estimate from the National Academy of Sciences--to put on the new fuel-saving technology, over the life of the car that same consumer will save $2,000 in terms of the gasoline they have to buy.  Arguing that this is a consumer burden is plain wrong. In fact, most consumers are concerned about fuel economy; unfortunately, the Senate is not. The Senate has taken the position, which unfortunately major automobile manufacturers in this country espouse, that we should not be concerned about fuel efficiency and fuel economy.  As a person who makes a point of trying always to buy American vehicles and having done that all my life, it is becoming increasingly apparent that Detroit is falling further and further behind when it comes to new, environmentally responsible technology to deal with fuel efficiency.  What we have with the Levin-Bond amendment is a concession to the fact that Detroit continues to fail, Detroit continues to come in second when we deal with new technology. I am concerned about that. Our American automobile industry is critically important to our economy.  As a person who wants to buy American as often as possible, I look at this and say we have to do better. This Energy bill before the Senate does not challenge the automobile industry to do better at all. It basically says we are going to include language which does not place any burden on the automobile manufacturing industry or anyone else. We are going to ignore the CAFE standards and basically allow what is currently existing to continue indefinitely. That is energy security? I don't think so.  One of the concerns I have is the impact on pollution by automobile emissions. The United States produces a third of the greenhouse gases emitted from automobiles worldwide. Out of all of the emissions from automobiles in the world, the United States is responsible for one-third of the pollution. These greenhouse gases affect agriculture, public health, the economy, our sea levels and shore lines. The greatest impact is at the North and South Pole.  Scientists predict, for example, that many species will be threatened because of the greenhouse gases that are aggravated and exacerbated by the emissions from the tailpipes of our cars and trucks. That is a reality.  It is not just a question of lessening our dependence on foreign oil but a question of environmental responsibility. Let me give one illustration. When I was a young boy growing up in East St. Louis, IL, one of the biggest treats in my life was to go over to the St. Louis zoo. I would stand there watching the polar bears until my mom and dad finally said we had to go home. I got the biggest kick out of that as a kid. A lot of children around America look at polar bears--the big, huge, lumbering white bears in zoos--and think, what a magnificent creature. The sad reality is if we do not get honest about the environment and the destruction of the environment for which we are responsible, this species of animal will be threatened.  Scientists say if the most optimistic scenario should evolve, the polar bears will not be extinct for 100 years. It means that though your children may see them during their lifetime, their children will not. Others say, no, 50 years. If that is true, if in 50 years polar bears will be extinct because of the pollution coming out of tailpipes of our cars, because of the refusal of the Senate to accept the responsibility to reduce automobile emissions, to reduce the use of fuel, if that happens in 50 years, you can say to your children and grandchildren today, go to the zoo and look closely because this animal will not be here for your children to see. There is no way.  Do we want that burden? Do we want to accept that burden in the name of not pushing the automobile companies to make more fuel-efficient vehicles? That is what this vote comes down to.  From my point of view it is very simple and very sad. We sometimes have a responsibility to make tough decisions in the Senate. We have a responsibility to say to these big multinational corporations that produce these automobiles: You have to do better. You have to do better so the United States is not dependent on foreign oil, so we have true energy security and reduce the environmental degradation and damage of air pollution. We have to accept that responsibility. If we don't, who will? Do you expect the marketplace to answer this? The marketplace will answer this by eliminating this species from the Earth. That is how the marketplace will answer.  