George Tenet. It was one of the longest hearings I have ever been a party to in that committee. Virtually every member of the committee was present for the entire hearing. I think we can accurately draw the conclusion from that that it was a hearing of great importance because it addressed an issue which is central to our foreign policy and our national security, and that is the intelligence agencies of our Government.  We are asking now some very difficult but important questions along two lines. First, was the intelligence gathered before the United States invasion of Iraq accurate and complete? Secondly, was that information relayed and communicated to the American people in an honest and accurate fashion? Those are two separate questions that are related.  Yesterday, Director Tenet reiterated publicly what he has said before on July 11, that he accepted responsibility for the fact that in the President's State of the Union Address last January a sentence was included which was at best misleading. The sentence, ofcourse, related to whether or not Iraq had attempted to obtain uranium from the African nation of Niger. What I am about to say is not from the hearing yesterday but rather from public disclosures and press reports relative to that issue.  What we know is this: The allegations and rumors about Iraq obtaining uranium and other fissile materials from the country of Niger had been discussed at some length for a long period of time. In fact, documents had been produced at one point that some believed implicated the Iraqis and the Niger nation in this particular transaction. It is also true, though, that the people who are expert in this area had looked carefully and closely at that documentation and many had come to the opposite conclusion. Some had concluded this information, whether it was from British intelligence sources or American intelligence sources, was dubious, was not credible. Then it was disclosed that the documentation was actually a forgery.  Many of those documents have been made public. Yesterday a leading newspaper in Italy published the documentation and it was reported on the news channels last night in the United States that when those documents were carefully reviewed, it was found that, in fact, they contained things which on their face were ridiculous, names of ministers in Iraq and Niger who had not been in that position for years, supposedly official seals on documentation which, when examined closely, turned out to be patently false and phony.  So it was with that backdrop that the President, in his State of the Union Address, considered a statement concerning whether or not Niger had sold these fissile materials to Iraq.  It has been disclosed publicly and can be discussed openly on the Senate floor that there was communication between the Central Intelligence Agency and the White House on this issue. It is apparent now to those who have followed this story that there was a discussion and an agreement as to what would be included in the speech. The 16 famous words relative to this transaction have now become central in our discussion about the gathering and use of intelligence.  What I heard yesterday during the course of 5 hours with Director Tenet is that we have been asking the wrong question. The question we have been asking for some period of time now since this came to light was, Why didn't Director Tenet at the CIA stop those who were trying to put misleading information in the President's State of the Union Address? That is an important question. Director Tenet has accepted responsibility for not stopping the insertion of those words. But after yesterday's hearing and some reflection, a more important question is before the Senate. That question is this: Who are the people in the White House who are so determined to include this misleading information in the State of the Union Address and why are they still there?  That goes to the heart of the question, not just on the gathering of intelligence but the use of the intelligence by the Executive Office of the President. That is an important question. It is a question we should face head on.  An attempt was made last night by my colleague from New Jersey, Senator Corzine, to call for a bipartisan commission, a balanced commission, to look into this question about intelligence gathering and the use of the intelligence leading up to the war on Iraq. His amendment was defeated by a vote of 51 to 45 on a party-line vote--all Republicans voting against it; all Democrats supporting it. Senator Corzine's effort for a bipartisan, balanced, evenhanded commission was rejected by this Senate.  The amendment which I bring today offers to the Senate an alternative. If the Senate does not believe there should be a bipartisan commission to investigate this question, this use of intelligence, then what I have said in this amendment is that we are calling on the President to report to Congress, the appropriate committees in the classified and unclassified fashion, whether or not there was a misuse of intelligence leading up to the war on Iraq. Those are the only two options before the Senate.  In this situation, we have the Intelligence Committee in the House and the Senate looking at the classified aspect of this issue. We have said in the Senate that we do not accept the idea--at least, the Republican side does not accept the idea--of a bipartisan commission looking at this issue. So, clearly, the responsibility falls on the shoulders of the President.  This amendment says that the President will report to the appropriate committees of Congress on this use of the intelligence information.  Why is this an important discussion? It is particularly important from several angles. First, if we are engaged successfully in a war on terrorism, one of the greatest weapons in our arsenal will be intelligence. We will have to depend on our intelligence agencies to anticipate problems and threats to the United States. We will have to gather credible information, process that information, determine its credibility, determine its authenticity, and use it in defense of the United States. Now, more than ever, intelligence gathering is absolutely essential for America's national security.  Second, the President has said we are now following a policy of preemption; we will no longer wait until a country poses an imminent threat to the United States or our security. If the President and his administration believe a country may pose such a threat in the future, the President has said we are going to protect our right to attack that country to forestall any invasion or attack on the United States.  How do you reach the conclusion that another country is preparing to attack? Clearly, again, by intelligence gathering. Now, more than ever, in the war on terrorism and the use of a policy of preemption, we depend on intelligence. Those are the two central points.  Equally, if not more important, is what happened in the lead-up to the invasion of Iraq. For months, the President, the Vice President, and his Cabinet all sought to convince the American people this invasion of Iraq was not only inevitable but was, frankly, in the best interests of America's national security. The administration, the President, gathering the intelligence data, presented it to the American people in a variety of different fashions. We can all recall how this started. It was almost a year ago that in Crawford, TX, we first heard the President while he was in summer retreat suggest that something had to be done about Iraq and used the words ``regime change.''  Then, over the months that followed, a variety of different rationales came forward for the need to invade Iraq and remove Saddam Hussein. First and foremost--and nobody argued this point on either side of the aisle--Saddam Hussein was a very bad leader, not just for the people of Iraq but for the region and a threat to the world. His removal from power from the beginning was certainly something that everyone understood would be in the best interest of the people of Iraq.  But the obvious question was, if you are going to set out just to remove bad leaders of the world, where would you draw the line and what would those leaders do in response? So the administration said there are more arguments, even more compelling rationales.  First and foremost, in Iraq they were developing nuclear weapons. We recall that conversation. As evidence of that, administration officials talked about the fact that Iraq had obtained certain aluminum tubes that could likely be used for the development of new nuclear weapons.  Now, in fact, we know on reflection that there was even a debate within the administration whether these aluminum tubes could be used for nuclear weapons. Despite that, the administration said categorically, we believe they will be used for nuclear weapons and we believe that is a rationale for the invasion.  Second, on other weapons of mass destruction, chemical and biological weapons, the administration went so far in its presentation to suggest that there were 550 sites where there was at least some possibility of weapons of mass destruction. They went into detail about how these weapons could threaten Israel, could threaten other countries in the region, might even threaten the United States. That information was given repeatedly.  The fact is, we are 10 weeks after the successful completion of our militaryinvasion of Iraq. More than 1,000 inspections have been made in Iraq. No weapons of mass destruction have been found. There has been some small evidence related to the discovery of something buried in a rose garden that could have been a plan for the use of a nuclear device. There has been the discovery of these mobile units in trailers which might have been used for the development of biological weapons. Those things have been discovered but of the so-called 550 sites, the fact is we have not discovered or uncovered one as I stand here today.  I am confident before this is over that we will find some evidence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. It could happen as soon as tomorrow. I think that will happen. I believe that will happen. But we were told we were dealing with 550 sites. Statements were made by the President, the Vice President, Ms. Condoleezza Rice and others, that Saddam Hussein had arsenals of chemical and biological weapons. They have not been apparent.  To think in that lightning-fast conquest of Baghdad, somehow Saddam Hussein had the time to literally wipe away or destroy any evidence of weapons of mass destruction strains credulity.  What we have now is a serious question as to whether the intelligence was valid and accurate or whether it was portrayed to the American people in a valid and accurate way.  We also had allegations that Saddam Hussein was linked with al-Qaida. Of course, this is something of great concern to the American people. We know that the al-Qaida terrorists are responsible for September 11, the loss of at least 3,000 innocent American lives on that tragic day. We would and should do what we can in any way, shape, or form to eliminate al-Qaida's threat to terrorism. I joined the overwhelming majority of the Senate, giving the President the authority and power to move forward on this question as to whether or not we should eliminate al-Qaida and its terrorist threat. The fact is, now, as we reflect on that information provided by the administration prior to the invasion of Iraq, there is scant information and scant evidence to link Saddam Hussein and al-Qaida.  The list goes on. It has raised serious questions about the intelligence gathering leading up to the invasion of Iraq and the portrayal of that information to the American people. There is nothing more sacred or important in this country than that we have trust in our leaders when it comes to the critical questions of national security. When a President of the United States, with all of his power and all of his authority, stands before the American people and says: I am asking you to provide me your sons, your daughters, your husbands, your wives, your loved ones, to stand in defense of America--that, I think, is the most solemn moment of a Presidency. That is what is being questioned now. Was the information, for example, in the State of the Union Address, accurate in terms of America's intelligence? Two weeks ago the President conceded at least that sentence was not.  What I have asked for in this amendment is that the Bush White House come forward with information on the gathering and use of this intelligence. With this information, they will be able to tell us with more detail exactly how the intelligence was used, intelligence related to the possession by Iraq of chemical and biological and nuclear weapons and locations, the links of the former Iraqi regime to al-Qaida, the attempts of Iraq to acquire uranium from Africa, the attempts of Iraq to procure aluminum tubes for the development of nuclear weapons, the possession by Iraq of mobile laboratories for the production of weapons of mass destruction, and the possession by Iraq of delivery systems for weapons of mass destruction, and any other matters that bear on the imminence of the threat from Iraq to the national security of the United States.  I go into particular detail in paragraph B of this amendment where it relates to the acquisition of uranium from Africa because I think this has become abundantly clear. Some person or persons in the White House were bound and determined to include language in the President's State of the Union Address which was misleading, language which the President has disavowed, language which in fact Director Tenet said should never have been included.  When you look at the uranium claims that were made in the President's State of the Union Address, and then read the statements made afterwards by members of the Bush White House, we can see on their face that we need to know more. Bush Communications Director Dan Bartlett, discussing the State of the Union Address, said last week that:       There was no debate or questions with regard to that line      when it was signed off on.  I will tell you point blank that is not factual, based on statements made by Director Tenet.  On Friday, July 11 of this year, National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice said there was ``discussion on that specific sentence so that it reflected better what the CIA thought.''  Miss Rice said, ``Some specifics about amount and place were taken out.''  Director Tenet said Friday that CIA officials objected and ``the language was changed.''  White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer said Monday, July 14, that Miss Rice was not referring to the State of the Union speech, but she was, instead, referring to President Bush's October speech given in Cincinnati--even though Miss Rice was not asked about that speech.  We have a situation here where the President and his advisers and speech writers were forewarned in October not to include in a speech in Cincinnati any reference to the acquisition of uranium by Iraq from the nation of Niger or from Africa. That admonition was given to a member of the White House staff and that element was deleted from the President's speech.  Now we have statements from the President's National Security Adviser suggesting that there was still some discussion that needed to take place when it came to the State of the Union Address. I will tell you that is not a fact. This amendment which I am offering is asking that we have final clarity on exactly what happened in the White House on this critical piece of information that was part of the President's most important speech of the year, his State of the Union Address.  White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer also said on Monday, July 14, that while the line cut from the October speech in Cincinnati was based on Niger allegations, the State of the Union claim was based on ``additional reporting from the CIA, separate and apart from Niger, naming other countries where they believed it was possible that Saddam was seeking uranium.''  But Fleischer's words yesterday contradicted his assertion a week earlier that the State of the Union charge was ``based and predicated on the yellowcake from Niger.''  Consider the confusion and distortions which we have already received from this administration about that line in the speech, and what it was referring to. That is a clear indication that more information is needed, more clarity is needed. We need from the President leadership in clearing this up and, frankly, clearing out those individuals who attempted to mislead him in his State of the Union Address.  Miss Rice was asked a month ago about the President's State of the Union uranium claim on ABC's ``This Week,'' and here is what she replied:       The intelligence community did not know at the time or at      levels that got to us that there was serious questions about      this report.  But senior administration officials acknowledged over the weekend that Director Tenet argued personally to White House officials, including Deputy National Security Adviser, Stephen Hadley, who is in the office of Condoleezza Rice, that the allegations should not be used in the October Cincinnati speech, 4 months before the State of the Union Address.  CIA officials raised doubts about the Niger claims, as Director Tenet outlined on July 11, last Friday. The last time was when ``CIA officials reviewing the draft remarks'' of the State of the Union ``raised several concerns about the fragmentary nature of the intelligence with National Security Council colleagues.''  Here is what it comes down to. We now have a battle ongoing within the administration over the issue of gathering and use of intelligence. The American people deserve more. Theydeserve clarity. They deserve the President's disclosure. They deserve the dismissal of those responsible for putting this misleading language in the President's State of the Union Address. I think what is at stake is more than a little political embarrassment which this administration has faced over the last several days. What is at stake is the gathering and use of intelligence for the security of the United States of America.  This issue demonstrates the administration's intelligence-derived assertions about Iraq's levels of weapons of mass destruction-related activities raised increased concern about the integrity and use of intelligence and literally the credibility of our Government.  We now know that when Secretary Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, was to make his address to the United Nations several days after the President's State of the Union Address, he sat down and, it has been reported in U.S. News and World Report, for a lengthy gathering with Director Tenet at CIA headquarters and went through point by point by point to make certain that he would not say anything in New York at the United Nations which could be easily rebutted by the Iraqis. Secretary Powell wanted to be careful that every word that he used in New York was defensible. And one of the first things he tossed out was that element of the President's State of the Union Address which related to acquiring uranium from Africa.  Secretary Powell took the time and, with the right advisers, reached the right conclusion that certain things being said about Iraq that were being hyped and spun and exaggerated could not be defended. And he was not about to go before the United Nations Security Council and to use that information. He was careful in what he did because he knew what was at stake was not only his personal credibility but the credibility of the United States. That is why this incident involving the State of the Union Address is so important for us to look into.  On the question of weapons of mass destruction, on August 26 of last year, Vice President Cheney said:       Simply stated, there is no doubt that Saddam Hussein now      has weapons of mass destruction. There is no doubt he is      amassing them to use against our friends, against our allies,      and against us.  On September 26, 2002, the President said:       The Iraqi regime possesses biological and chemical weapons.  On March 17, 2003, President Bush told the Nation:       Intelligence gathered by this and other governments leaves      no doubt that the Iraq regime continues to possess and      conceal some of the most lethal weapons ever devised.  On March 30, 2003, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, said:       We know where they are. They're in the area around Tikrit      and Baghdad and east, west, south, and north somewhat.  Not only did the administration tell us that there were over 500 suspected sites Secretary Donald Rumsfeld was even specific as to their location.  Here we are 10 weeks later and 1,000 inspections later with no evidence of those weapons of mass destruction.  On the al-Qaida connection, last year Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld described evidence about a connection between Iraq and al-Qaida as ``bulletproof.'' But he did not disclose that the intelligence community was, in fact, uncertain about the nature and extent of these ties.  In his speech before the United Nations Security Council on February 5, 2003, Secretary of State Colin Powell said, in addition to the al-Qaida-affiliated camp run by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in areas not controlled by the Iraqi regime, two dozen extremists from al-Qaida-affiliated organizations were operating freely in Baghdad.  The claim of a close connection between the Iraqi regime and al-Qaida was key to the fears that Iraq could team up with terrorists to perpetrate another devastating attack on the United States. It is critical that the truth of these assertions be examined in light of what the United States has found during and after the war.  On the issue of reconstituting its nuclear weapons program in addition to the dispute about whether Iraq was trying to acquire uranium from Africa, the intelligence community was divided about these aluminum tubes that Iraq purchased and whether they were, in fact, intended to develop nuclear devices or only conventional munitions. Administration officials made numerous statements, nevertheless, expressing certainty that these tubes were for a nuclear weapons program.  In a speech before the United Nations General Assembly on December 12, 2003, the President said,       Iraq has made several attempts to buy high-strength      aluminum tubes used to enrich uranium for a nuclear weapon.  On September 8, 2000, National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice said on CNN's ``Late Edition'' that the tubes ``are only really suited for nuclear weapons programs, centrifuge programs.''  On August 26, Vice President Dick Cheney told the Veterans of Foreign Wars that ``many of us are convinced that Saddam will acquire nuclear weapons fairly soon. Just how soon we cannot gauge.''  On March 16, the Vice President said:       We believe he has, in fact, reconstituted nuclear weapons.  Consider these assertions and these statements leading up to our decision to invade. The hard question which has to be asked is whether the intelligence supported the statements. If the intelligence did not, then in fact we have exaggerated misleading statements which have to be made part of our record.  On the question of mobile biological warfare laboratories, Secretary of State Powell said in his speech to the United Nations Security Council that ``we know that Iraq has at least seven of these mobile, biological agent factories.''  On May 28, 2003, the CIA posted on its Web site a document it prepared with the Defense Intelligence Agency entitled ``Iraqi Mobile Biological Warfare Agent Production Plants.'' This report concluded that the two trailers found in Iraq were for biological warfare agent production, even though other experts and members of the intelligence community disagreed with that conclusion, or believe there is not enough evidence to back it up. None of these alternative views were posted on the CIA's Web page.  Did this Nation go to war based on flawed, incomplete, exaggerated, or misused intelligence?  I am a member of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, which is conducting this review. I support that review because there is a lot we need to get into. We have oversight responsibilities over the intelligence agencies.  I commend our Chairman, Senator Roberts, and our ranking member, Senator Rockefeller, on that committee. They have requested that the Inspectors General of the Department of State and the Central Intelligence Committee work jointly to investigate the handling and characterization of the underlying documentation behind the President's statement in the State of the Union Address. I certainly support that investigation.  But the question of how intelligence related to Iraq was used by policymakers is a different question that simply must be determined.  What we are saying now is if the Senate, as it did last night, rejects the idea of a bipartisan commission to look into the question, at the very least we should say in this Department of Defense appropriations bill that the President has a responsibility to report to Congress on this use of intelligence and information. It really goes to the heart of the President's responsibility as the head of our country and as Commander in Chief. He needs to have people near and around him giving him the very best advice based on the best intelligence. It is not only good for his administration, but it is essential for the protection of this Nation.  I yield the floor.  