 There is entirely too much medical malpractice in our country today. The best doctors concede that. However, the insurance that is being charged to even good doctors is too unreasonable in many areas, depending on the specialty and where they choose to live. Frankly, there are a lot of people who will suffer if we don't do something about that. Obviously, the doctors themselves who have dedicated their lives to the medical profession want to see some solution to this. I do as well. But the patients who are served by them are also looking for us to do something constructive and positive to make certain that quality health care is available across America.  I don't personally believe S. 11 is up to that challenge. I am not even certain it is a step in the right direction. There has been lengthy debate about whether or not putting a limitation on the amount that can be awarded to a person who has been a victim of medical malpractice is going to bring down malpractice insurance premiums.  This bill, S. 11, suggests that rather than giving that decision to a jury--whether it is in Rhode Island or Illinois or Nebraska--that decision on how much an injured patient should receive will be made by a jury of 100 U.S. Senators. We will pass a bill that says: Regardless of what has happened to you, what happens to your family as a result of medical negligence and medical malpractice, you will be unable to recover anything more than $250,000 for your pain and suffering. Oh, yes, they will pay the medical bills. And if you have lost wages, those will be paid, too. But when it comes to pain and suffering, regardless of whether you are 6 years old, 60, or 96, there will be a limitation of $250,000 which can come your way.  Now, $250,000 in the abstract sounds like a large sum of money--until you sit down and consider the cases, the actual people who have been affected by medical malpractice.  In a few moments, I am going to talk about a number of them, some of whom I met for the first time today. When you hear their stories, I hope those who are following the debate will step back for a second and say: Wait a minute--as I have--is this right for the Senate, for those of us elected from 50 States across the Nation, to decide in each and every case what the maximum recovery will be for medical malpractice injuries? I think the answer is clearly no. That is why I am encouraging my colleagues to vote against the cloture motion, which is a motion which tries to bring this bill before the Senate.  What I believe--and others, I think, share this belief--is that we have a national challenge and a problem when it comes to medical malpractice. But it is a problem that will not be resolved until we deal with it responsibly and completely, until we look at all the facets of the problem.  This bill says it comes down to one thing: Injured victims of medical malpractice are recovering too much money for their injuries. If we can limit the amount of money they recover, then the system is going to be so much better.  I think that oversimplifies it. In fact, I think it really is an abuse of the situation rather than an effort to rectify it. That is why I am opposing it.  We had testimony a few weeks ago from the Bush administration, a doctor from the Department of Health and Human Services, saying that medical malpractice in America has reached epidemic proportions--epidemic proportions. There are those who estimate that as many as 100,000 Americans lose their lives each year because of medical malpractice--not because they are destined to die because of God's choice but, rather, because someone has made a very serious and fatal mistake in their medical treatment--100,000 a year.  We also have studies that have come out from Harvard University that suggest that only 1 out of every 50 cases of medical malpractice ends up in a lawyer's office with a claim against a doctor or hospital--1 out of 50. So I say to those who support this bill, if you do not look at the underlying incidence of medical malpractice in this country, simply limiting the amount that an injured person can recover is no guarantee you will not face an avalanche of cases coming at you for medical malpractice. We have to go to the underlying issues in how to deal with it.  It is interesting to me, as well, how many elements are being overlooked during the course of this debate. All the debate on the floor has been about doctors: States that do not have doctors, communities that do not have obstetricians to deliver babies, red maps brought before us to show State after State where doctors are facing problems.  But read this bill. This bill isn't just about doctors. This bill is about protecting HMOs, managed care insurance companies, pharmaceutical companies, medical device companies, and nursinghomes. So in all of this debate about the sad situations many doctors do face in America, no one has come to the floor to justify why, within this bill, there is protection for these special interests: HMOs, managed care insurance companies, which many times make decisions which can be as lethal and fatal as any decision made by any doctor.  I think most Americans know of what I am speaking. When an HMO that you are a part of or a managed care insurance company that your family is a part of makes a decision as to whether or not they will pay for a diagnostic test, a laboratory procedure, your hospitalization, or a surgery, when they decide how many days you can stay in the hospital, they are, in fact, dictating medical care in the name of profitability. They want to make more money. They would like to keep you out of the hospital as much as possible, reduce your costs as much as possible, and they make medical decisions.  It is interesting that today a report came out. It is a report that was published by Health Affairs, and those who prepared it are people from the American Medical Association based in Chicago: Matthew Wynia, Jonathan VanGeest, Deborah Cummins, and Ira Wilson. This report is entitled ``Do Physicians Not Offer Useful Services Because Of Coverage Restrictions?''  They surveyed doctors across America and asked them the question: How often have you decided not to offer a useful service to a patient because of health plan rules?  I have talked to doctors who have told me many times that is happening more often than they would like to admit.  Let me show you a chart which tells you what they found in asking doctors across America that question. They were asked this question: How often have you, as a doctor, decided not to offer a useful service to a patient because of health plan rules, insurance rules? In this case, ``very often,'' 2 percent; ``often,'' 6 percent; ``sometimes,'' 23 percent; ``rarely,'' 27 percent. Even if you take the ``very often,'' ``often,'' and ``sometimes,'' you have 31 percent of the cases. Almost a third of the time doctors are saying they are making decisions not to provide a useful service to a patient because the health insurance company tells them they will not pay for it and they cannot do it.  Now, that isn't part of this debate. No one has brought into this conversation the question as to whether or not HMOs, in the way they are treating doctors, are having some impact on medical malpractice and injuries to patients. No. What we are doing for HMOs is not holding them accountable but, rather, saying we are going to give them even more privileges under law. We are going to insulate them from the liability of these bad decisions. So the insurance companies, particularly the HMOs, are running rampant across the Senate when it comes to malpractice instead of being held accountable, as they should be, for their restrictions on good doctors making sound medical decisions.  This is another question asked of these doctors in this Health Affairs study that came out today: If ``sometimes'' or ``more often'' you decide not to offer a useful service because the insurance company tells you you can't, are you doing so more often, less often, or about as often as you were 5 years ago? Most of them say unchanged: 55 percent. But 35 percent say ``more often.''  So you have doctors who are increasingly finding insurance companies making decisions on what you, your mother and father, your wife or husband or child is going to receive in terms of medical care. Is that the answer to this issue, that we are going to say that HMOs will make these decisions, and when they are wrong, and people are injured, and these poor people then turn to a court and ask for some compensation for their injury, they will be limited not only in what they can recover from the doctor or the hospital but even the HMO insurance company? That is what this bill says. That is what this bill is designed to do: to insulate from liability even HMO insurance companies which are responsible for more and more doctors making medical decisions which they believe, based on their training and experience, are not the right decisions for their patients. I do not think that is fair. I do not think it treats people as they should be treated.  Let me mention a couple other items. We have a nursing shortage in America. It worries me. I am reaching an age when I am thinking about the day when I want to punch a button at a hospital or some other place to call a nurse and hope that someone shows up. But the likelihood that is going to occur is diminishing because we have a nursing shortage, and it is a serious shortage.  As America's population ages, we need more nurses to take care of us in convalescent homes and nursing homes and hospitals and other places. Sadly, those nurses are not as plentiful as they once were.  Let me tell you about a report from the Journal of the American Medical Association that relates to the issue of malpractice and the shortage of nurses. This is a report from October of 2002 from the Journal of the American Medical Association. They published the results of a study that, for the first time, showed that the number of patients who die in the hospital increases when nurses are assigned to care for too many patients. An estimated 20,000 people die each year in hospitals from medical mistakes attributed to nurses caring for more patients than they can handle.  This accounts for 20 percent of the nearly 100,000 deaths annually from medical mistakes. While a link between nurse staffing and quality of care seems like common sense, many hospitals downplayed the link until the study was published.  This is a troubling report as well. I read from a book entitled ``The Wall of Silence,'' written by Rosemary Gibson and Janardan Singh. This is a quote from the book:       Experienced nurses as well as newly-minted nurses are      leaving patient care at the bedside at a time when other job      opportunities exist. Their knowledge and skills are valued in      pharmaceutical companies, managed care organizations and      information technology firms. How many are leaving? It is      hard to say precisely. The Federal Government's Bureau of      Health Professions issued a report showing that about 50,000      fewer nurses were using their licenses in 2000, as compared      with 1996.  As our population ages, as the demand for nurses increases, the number of nurses in America diminishes. We have seen that when there are fewer nurses in a hospital, there is more likelihood of medical mistakes, medical malpractice, and medical injuries. Has that even been mentioned in the course of this debate? Has anyone talked about the HMOs and their impact on medical practice? Has anyone talked about the shortage of nurses and the fact that it is leading to more medical mistakes, leading to more lawsuits filed against doctors and hospitals. Instead what we have had in this debate is a strict debate, limited to the question of how much injured parties can recover once they face medical malpractice, once the injuries have occurred.  I would like to introduce in the debate now some real-life stories about people who have been victims of medical malpractice. As I mentioned earlier, some of them were kind enough to join Senator Lindsey Graham and myself earlier this morning when we held a press conference and introduced our version of a bill which we think is a more reasonable approach to dealing with the medical malpractice challenge we face in America.  The first person is Colin Gourley. Colin is on your left as you view this picture here in the striped shirt. This is his twin brother Connor. Nine-year-old Colin Gourley, from the State of Nebraska, suffered a terrible complication at birth as a result of a doctor's negligence. Colin has cerebral palsy. He cannot walk. He could not speak until he was 5 years old. He has irregular brain waves and the amount of time he has spent in a wheelchair has affected his bone growth. He has had five different surgeries, and he needs to sleep in a cast every night to prevent further orthopedic problems. His twin brother Connor survived birth without any injury.  A jury ruled that Colin was a victim of medical negligence. They decided that because of that medical negligence the Gourley family was entitled to receive $5.6 million. That was what was needed to compensate him for his medical care and for the lifetime of suffering and problems whichhe will face. Last month, the Nebraska Supreme Court upheld a Nebraska law that severely cut this jury verdict to about one-fourth of the award. As a result, Colin will have to rely on the State of Nebraska and the Federal Government for assistance for the rest of his life.  The jury understood what the case was worth. The jury got to meet Colin, his brother, his two sisters, and mom and dad. The jury heard what happened that led to this terrible medical malpractice, and the jury decided in fairness that he and his family were entitled to $5.6 million. Yet the law came in and said: I am sorry. We have to limit you--a law similar to the one we are considering in the Senate this evening, a law which will say no jury in Nebraska nor Illinois nor North Carolina is going to make that decision. This decision will be made by a jury of 100 United States Senators, and we will decide, in the case of Colin, that no matter what his life may be, whether it is 5, 10, 20, 50, or 80 years, the maximum amount we will pay for his pain and suffering is $250,000.  What may have sounded like a large amount of money at the beginning of this conversation, as we understand as we consider each and every case, becomes an amount which is hardly adequate to take care of what Colin is going to face, as well as his family.  Let me introduce you now to Kim Jones. This is a picture taken before Kim's medical malpractice. As you can see, she is a lovely, proud mother from King County, WA. She was 30 years old and she remains severely brain damaged and in a comatose state today after undergoing routine tubal ligation surgery following childbirth at the Washington State Medical Center. After the operation, the hospital staff failed to notice that Kim had stopped breathing since her vital monitors had been improperly removed. Though successfully resuscitated, Kim suffered multiple seizures and was given seizure control medication that actually worsened her condition. She was later taken by helicopter to another medical facility.  Today Kim is unable to control her bodily functions. She has no discernable mental function and is being cared for at a convalescent center. Kim's father filed a lawsuit against the hospital and the anesthesiologist. The case is still pending.  Kim is standing there at a better time before the medical injury with her daughter. Now she is in a nursing home or convalescent home for the rest of her natural life. What is it worth? After the medical bills are paid, after her lost income is paid, what is it worth to her, to her daughter, to her parents? According to this bill, we know exactly what it is worth. It is worth no more than $250,000 for the pain and suffering she will endure for the rest of her life.  Now let me introduce you to a young lady who made quite an impact on us this morning. She told her terrible story. This is Sherry Keller from Conyers, GA. Sherry is shown in her wheelchair. That is where she was today when she came to speak to us. She stood up and said: I am from Conyers, GA, and I am a registered Republican. I want to make that clear.  I said: We have Republicans and Democrats and Independents. Then she told her story.  Sherry Keller received a complete hysterectomy. Her surgeon relied upon staples rather than sutures to hold her incision closed. Upon having the staples removed, Sherry's incision began to bleed. The surgeon began cleansing the wound. Unfortunately, the incision opened. I won't go into the graphic details. But the doctor in that situation--this happened at the doctor's office--apparently panicked and left her alone in the room for 35 minutes when the doctor went to call a wound specialist. She left her lying on an examination table. The doctor continued to see other patients while the specialist was on the way and left Sherry in that examining room for 35 minutes. Sherry went into shock from loss of blood, lost consciousness, and fell off the exam table. There was no one with her. Her head hit the counter as she fell. She came to but in the process damaged her spinal cord and rendered her an incomplete quadriplegic. She dragged herself out in that condition into the hallway to get the attention of a nurse or doctor to come to her aid. The doctor called for an ambulance but gave directions that she should be transported only. She, the doctor, left instructions that a doctor would go to the emergency room to dress the wound later.  Sherry was then left in the emergency room for 2\1/2\ hours waiting for a doctor to treat her wound. As a result of that fall in the office, Sherry will never walk again. As she was not employed outside the home, she has no lost income for her injury. Her damages were virtually all medical bills and pain and suffering. Here she is, a woman, some 35 years of age, who faces a lifetime in a wheelchair now because of malpractice.  This law we are considering would pay her medical bills but say that the total amount of compensation for her for the pain and suffering she and her family will go through is limited to $250,000. Some Senators as jurors have decided that in her case $250,000 is adequate, thank you.  I think a jury has a right to consider that case. A jury has a right to consider whether that doctor is guilty of malpractice and whether this woman and her family are entitled to more than $250,000. The fact that she was at home raising her children, because of this bill, will be used against her. She has no job where she earns a paycheck, but she has a real job as far as America is concerned; she was raising her family.  And now look at this situation. This bill will actually penalize her for being a stay-at-home mother with her family. For a Senate that is supposed to be dedicated to family values, it is hard to understand how Sherry's case tells that story.  The next person I would like you to meet is Evelyn Babb of Tyler, TX. This case is similar to many you may have read about. She is a bright, happy-looking person in this picture. She needed arthroscopic surgery on her right knee for a torn lateral meniscus. Her doctor marked her right knee to be operated on with an X. However, the hospital staff negligently prepared her left knee for surgery. Without verifying whether the staff had properly prepared the patient, the doctor proceeded to operate on the knee which the staff had prepared. He began performing the partial lateral meniscectomy before he realized he was operating on the wrong knee. The staff then prepared the other knee, and the doctor performed the operation as previously planned.  Due to the unnecessary surgery on the one knee, Mrs. Babb's recovery was considerably longer and more painful than it would have been. She has severe pain and swelling in her left knee and a lingering infection. She continues to suffer from pain, has difficulty walking, and has a markedly decreased range of motion in her knee.  As an elderly woman of 75, Mrs. Babb will suffer no loss of income, however, and there will be few, if any, additional medical expenses because there is nothing that could be done to improve her condition. Virtually all of the damages she could recover for this obvious malpractice would relate to the pain and suffering she would endure. This bill has decided how much her case is worth: no more than $250,000, period.  When you look at that situation, a person who is retired, with no active income, and with limited medical bills, but a serious medical outcome, it is an indication of the unfairness of this underlying bill.  This case I will tell you about now involves Heather Lewinsky from Pittsburgh, PA. Seventeen-year-old Heather Lewinsky's face remains scarred for life after a Pittsburgh plastic surgeon performed radical surgery to correct a skin disorder near the left corner of her mouth when she was 8 years old.  The doctor claimed to have done this procedure on children many times before when, in fact, neither he nor any doctor in the United States had ever done the surgery to treat a condition such as Heather's. Following the operation, Heather was left with horrific facial scarring and a terrible stroke-like tugging at the corner of her mouth.  The doctor attempted to fix the problem with two additional surgeries, which made it even worse, forcing her to undergo 10 more operations with other doctors between the third and tenth grades.  The pain, swelling, and recuperation with each procedure were excruciating. Heather and her family filed a lawsuitagainst the doctor who only paid a small fraction of the jury verdict because he had insufficient insurance coverage.  This is an indication of a young lady who is scarred for the rest of her life. What is permanent disfigurement worth if it is the result of medical malpractice? A point will be reached when no more surgeries will be indicated; they won't add much to her improvement. She may not have lost wages, but she is scarred for life. As far as this bill is concerned, permanent disfigurement because of medical malpractice is worth $250,000, not one penny more.  The last case I want to talk to you about is a case that involves Alan Cronin of California. In the year 2000, Alan Cronin, then 42 years old, went into the hospital for a routine hernia surgery. Alan was married with three children at the time--two of them still at home. He goes in for a routine hernia surgery. After the surgery, two doctors failed to diagnose an acute infection following the routine hernia repair. The doctors treated him as though he had the flu rather than inspecting the surgery site. He became septic and suffered toxic shock. Once the doctors finally opened the surgery site, the pus and sepsis were so overwhelming that they told Alan's family that he had a 98-percent chance of dying. Gangrene had set in and all of Alan's limbs were amputated. When he awoke from his coma, he no longer had arms or legs.  Alan was a customer service representative for a medical equipment manufacturer. Workers' compensation paid for all of his medical bills, including future expenses. He also had a private disability policy that was used as an offset against future economic damages.  In speaking with Alan about the cap on noneconomic damages, he says that there are so many things that you don't think of as necessities, and $250,000 could not begin to cover those expenses. Alan, 42 years old, has had the amputation of his arms and legs from medical malpractice. How much is the suffering and pain that he will endure in the next 30, 40 years of his life worth? We know in the Senate. It is worth $250,000 and not one penny more.  Incidentally, there is another provision in the bill. Because Alan had the foresight to work for a company that provided him with health insurance that covered some of his medical bills after the medical malpractice, and because he also had a private disability policy that will help him with some of his expenses as he tries to struggle through rehabilitation and rebuilding his life, that information, according to the bill, should be brought up in the trial. As a former trial lawyer, I can tell you it is being brought out so as to encourage the jury to diminish any award they are going to give to Alan Cronin. Because he had the foresight to pay for health insurance and a private disability policy, he would be penalized in a court of law by the disclosure of this insurance and this disability policy.  That isn't done today in any court in America, but it would be done under this bill. S. 11 has decided that is a fair way to deal with medical malpractice. I think most Americans would disagree. What they believe is, if you put a cap or limit on the recovery of a person who is a victim of medical malpractice, the malpractice insurance premiums may come down. They hope if they come down, the threat to the lifestyle and future careers of doctors is going to be diminished. Yet when you look at the studies--the Weiss study, for example--you find the opposite is true.  States with limitations on what can be recovered in court had a higher percentage increase in malpractice premiums between 1991 to 2001 than States without caps. So not only is this proposal in S. 11 fundamentally unfair, it is totally ineffective. What we are doing is seeing, frankly, this battle between the White House and the people who are gearing up for some Presidential campaign and the American trial lawyers. That is what this is about. It is not about malpractice premiums, bringing them down. It is not about the incidence of malpractice and reducing it. Frankly, it is about a political battle which should be secondary to the more important issues before us.  S. 11, as it has been brought to us today, is a bill against which I have led the fight. I am sorry I have to do it in one respect, but I am proud to do it in another. I am sorry because this should not be the bill we are considering. We ought to be coming before the American people with a bill that addresses this problem in its entirety and in a fair way. We ought to bring into this conversation medical providers across America. We should sit down and have an honest and open conversation about how to reduce medical injuries and medical errors. That would be good for everyone. I am sure doctors could tell us ways to do that.  Let me give you an example of what we have tried to do in the past. We decided at one point that we would create a national registry to try to find out how often we have these incidents of problems. With that national data bank, we would say to hospitals that before you hire a doctor on your staff, you can check to see whether he has had his license suspended or has been sued successfully for malpractice. In the 1980s, we established that--my colleague, Ron Wyden from Oregon, was then a Congressman who proposed the legislation. He thought if this data bank were present, we could find the limited number of doctors who are most responsible for malpractice and make certain that they either change their ways or get out of the practice of medicine. It was certainly a good idea.  Sadly, there haven't been many people who have used it. Consider this fact:       The data bank is an effective information tool only if      hospitals and other health organizations actually report      adverse actions involving a health care professional. Federal      law requires this information to be reported. But hospitals      are not complying. Since the data bank was established, more      than 60 percent of hospitals have never reported any adverse      action [against a doctor that occurred on the premises.] It      was expected that hospitals would report more than 1,000      disciplinary actions every month, yet fewer than 1,000 are      reported in a year.  Managed care organizations, which are protected by this bill from liability--the HMOs and managed care organizations which, again, receive preferred treatment by the Senate under this bill--are not doing much better.       From September 1, 1990, to September 30, 1999, [the managed      care organizations in America] reported only 715 adverse      events to the data bank. Eighty-four percent of them have      never reported any adverse action. The investigative arm of      the Federal Department of Health and Human Services, the      Office of the Inspector General, notes that ``with close to      100 million individuals enrolled in [managed care      organizations and HMOs] and hundreds of thousands of      physicians and dentists associated with them, fewer than a      thousand adverse action reports over nearly a decade of      service, for all practical purposes, are reported.  So the efforts we put in place to track medical malpractice, to try to weed out the bad actors, to try to take the doctors away who perform some of these acts of malpractice have been in vain.  Hospitals, HMOs, managed care organizations, have refused to report the bad actors. Yet our answer on how to deal with that situation is S. 11. We are going to limit the amount of money victims can recover. Is this totally upside down?  Should we not start with the premise that we want to limit the amount of malpractice itself and medical error in America and then follow through to the next and obvious question: When doctors are going to buy insurance, how can we help them secure reasonably priced malpractice insurance policies? That, of course, would mean bringing in the malpractice insurance companies and reinsurance companies.  Incidentally, there is one thing I said yesterday that we are going to look into. It was my understanding from reports we received that there were five reinsurance companies available to U.S. insurers. A call today to the Illinois State Medical Society said they work with 9 or 10. I want to make sure the record is corrected and reflects the fact that at least we are trying to come to the right number of reinsurance companies. Regardless of whether it is 5 or 50, the reinsurance companies have to be part of this conversation as to how we are going to reduce the cost of malpractice insurance for doctors and hospitals across America.  The third point, and equally important, and I speak to this one as aformer trial lawyer myself, is that the legal profession has to be part of this conversation. We have to say those lawyers who would consider filing a frivolous lawsuit are going to face severe penalties. They will have to pay compensation of cost and fees associated with those cases, and if, in fact, they are found to have done it repeatedly, we can prohibit them from that field of practice completely.  I add, based on my personal experience, it would take an absolute fool as a lawyer to entertain a medical malpractice case that really did not have a chance of success and that could be considered frivolous. Those cases in my State of Illinois are extremely expensive. You start with a certification by a doctor that you actually have a justifiable cause of action before you file your complaint. An important consideration in taking these cases up is whether or not you can move them forward to recover for the plaintiff who is injured. If you do not think you have a chance, you have to tell that sad news to the client who sits in your office, and I have done that.  Frankly, you have to honestly tell many people who are seriously injured: I do not think you have a case on which you can recover.  We have to bring together, if we are serious about medical malpractice, the doctors who can speak for their profession, nurses who can help us understand how we can bring more medical professionals to the job to reduce the likelihood of medical injuries, HMO insurance companies that have to be told they can no longer dictate sound medical practice, where doctors are told what they have to do regardless of whether they think it is right professionally. We have to bring in the insurance companies to make certain the rates they charge are reasonable, and lawyers have to be brought in as well so they are involved in responsible conduct which is focused more than anything else on recovery for the patient or claimant involved. That is what this is about.  The idea that by limiting recovery for the victims we have talked about here is going to solve the problem just will not work.  Let me use this chart as an illustration as well. Here are two States in the Midwest: One I am very familiar with, my State of Illinois, and a neighboring State, Michigan. They are comparable States in makeup of the population in rural areas and urban areas. They are big States by most standards.  Michigan has caps and limitations on how much a person can recover in court. Illinois does not. Here we take a look at the professional liability insurance that is being paid in these two States as of October of last year. We will see in the State of Michigan, OB/GYNs on average are paying more than in the State of Illinois that does not have caps. With surgery, it is the same story. With internal medicine, it is the same story. Michigan, with caps, has higher medical malpractice insurance rates than the State of Illinois without caps.  The belief that in passing this bill and establishing caps across America we are going to bring down malpractice insurance premiums I do not think is a reasonable conclusion, which is borne by the evidence presented here, and this comes from an analysis of the medical liability monitor data, the same monitor data used by both sides of the debate.  I understand the Senator from Utah is here and would like to speak. I close at this point by saying what I said at the outset, and I repeat today, I value very much the medical profession. They have meant so much to me and my family. I have entrusted the care of my greatest treasures on Earth--my wife and children--to great doctors, and I thank God they were there when we needed them.  I want them to continue in practice. I want them to feel good about what they do for a living. I do not want them looking over the shoulders at lawyers who are filing frivolous lawsuits. I do not want them facing 35-percent increases in malpractice premiums they cannot cope with, that they cannot pass on to patients, that force them to make decisions that, frankly, are not in the best interest of good medicine.  Today, during the course of our press conference with these victims of medical malpractice, one of the staff in the back of the room fainted. When he fainted, we stopped everything and somebody said: Call a doctor. How many times have we heard that said? We say it because we all know in those dire emergency situations and in everyday situations, we need the medical profession.  I said at the outset of this debate, and I repeat, I stand ready to sit down with anyone in good faith who wants to deal with the medical malpractice crisis facing America. Let us deal with this in its entirety and in an honest fashion. Let us ask everyone to make a sacrifice--the doctors, the lawyers, and the insurance companies--and then I think we can come up with a bill that is worthy of the Senate.  For us to deliberately limit the amount of money available to these victims with tragic stories, which I have brought to the Senate today, is fundamentally unfair. It is as unfair to those victims as those malpractice premiums are unfair to many of the doctors who are paying them today.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  