I visited with the chambers of commerce, labor unions, community leaders, hospital administrators, and average people, and talked about things that are on their minds. What struck me was the agenda of America is not the agenda of Congress. I can't get over it. We return here to Washington to discuss important matters but, frankly, ignore the essentialsas far as families and businesses across America.  The number one issue, of course, is jobs. My State has been hit so hard by this recession. We have lost 3 million jobs nationwide under President Bush's administration. It is the largest loss of private sector jobs under any President since the Great Depression--the largest loss of jobs under the Bush administration since Herbert Hoover during the Great Depression. Clearly, there has been a lack of economic leadership by this President. Clearly, his plan for the economy of America has failed. Giving tax cuts to the wealthiest people in America certainly wins applause at the country club, but it doesn't create jobs on Main Street--not in Illinois, not in Florida, not in Maine, and not across America. We have seen such a dramatic loss of jobs in important sectors. Although the manufacturing sector in America only represents about 14 percent of the jobs in our country, 75 percent of the jobs lost under the Bush administration have been in this manufacturing sector--14 percent of the total manufacturing and 75 percent of the Bush job loss has been in manufacturing. It has hit my State particularly hard. Illinois has lost over 123,600 manufacturing jobs since President Bush was sworn into office, including 23,000 this year. Frankly, those are good-paying jobs--jobs people need to raise their families. They are not minimum wage jobs. These are jobs you count on to buy a home or to send a child to college. They are gone. They have gone overseas, primarily to China.  I have heard over and over as I traveled across my State that it is just the tip of the iceberg. A lot of people say, Senator, you talk about manufacturing jobs. As bad as that is, we are losing service sector jobs, too.  I came across an illustration in downstate Illinois in a medium-sized city, which I will not name for the sake of the hospital administrator who told me the following. If you come into my hospital in the middle of the night and need an x ray, we will take your x ray in the middle of the night in a downstate Illinois hospital. Then we will transmit it electronically to Australia for it to be read because there is no radiologist on duty. The x ray is read in Australia for people showing up at the emergency room in downstate Illinois. He said, When the doctors dictate the notes for the patients' records every day, those dictation tapes are sent electronically to India where they are transcribed. This is a downstate hospital.  Go to Florida, go to Maine, or go to Nevada, and ask the question, ask your people if they received a phone call last night about changing their long distance telephone services. Ask them to stop and ask the person where they are calling from. Do not be surprised if that person is calling from India.  We are seeing an outmigration of jobs from the United States--manufacturing jobs and service jobs. This administration is oblivious. What they have suggested is to create one job in the Department of Commerce to try to figure out why America is losing jobs. I can tell you why we are losing jobs. It is because we have an economic policy that has failed--tax cuts for the wealthy. All it has done is give us a historic, massive deficit by taking money out of the Social Security trust fund--money that could be spent on education and health care which is just not there.  The second reason is this administration refuses to confront trade realities. I have voted to expand trade. I believe in trade but only if there are rules and the rules are followed. The rules aren't being followed in China. China today has a currency valuation that gives it a 15-40 percent advantage over any American manufacturer. Go around your State and ask these small manufacturers. They cannot compete because this administration will not confront China because of political realities: We need China; We need them to sit down with North Korea and avoid a nuclear war. So we are afraid to confront them when it comes to trade reality. We lose businesses and jobs permanently because of the lack of leadership of this administration. That is a fact.  The second issue which I have found to be overwhelmingly and completely ignored by this Congress and this administration is the cost of health insurance. I invite any of my colleagues to meet with any business leader in any State in America and ask them what their number-one problem is. It is not going to be the so-called ``death tax.'' It is not going to be government regulation. It isn't going to be environmental regulation protection. It is going to be the cost of health insurance. It is killing these businesses. They cannot afford it any longer. They tell me over and over. You know what is happening? More and more Americans have been shoved off the rolls with no protection. Those who stay on are expected to pay more out of pocket and get less protection. What has this administration said about the cost of health insurance in America? Zero; nothing; nada. This administration has no response when it comes to the cost of health insurance.  There is one area, though, where they have been pretty vocal. They have stood up for the pharmaceutical industry, which is one of the main drivers in the cost of health insurance, to make sure they can continue to charge the highest prices in the world for the most vulnerable Americans here at home. That is their philosophy. Let the marketplace work this out.  I have news for them. The marketplace is working this out. Health insurance companies exist to make a profit. They make a profit by cutting costs and increasing profits. That is what is happening. They have cut their costs by taking sick people and pushing them off the rolls and reducing the coverage of those already on the rolls and charging higher premiums. Businesses in America are getting nailed with health insurance premiums. But back to the trade issue: Every extra dollar in health insurance is embedded in the cost of the product that is sold. If it is a car or a computer, included in that cost is the cost of health insurance in America. And this administration, the Bush administration, and this Congress, dominated by the Republican leadership, refuse to even address this issue.  The third issue we will debate this week is the war in Iraq. Now, I will repeat--although it is now a cliche, it is true--we will stand behind our troops and give them what they need, but when we look at what this administration is proposing for the reconstruction of Iraq, it really does betray a lack of preparation and a lack of thoughtful reflection on what we are dealing with.  What is the nation of Iraq? Iraq is a nation, if we can use that term loosely, that was conceived in the mind of a British colonial empire. They drew a line on the map and said, We will call this spot Iraq. We will put within those borders two warring Muslim factions; and just for good measure, let's include hundreds of thousands of Kurds who do not want to be there. And we will call this Iraq. Because this situation, which they called a nation, was almost unruly and unmanageable, first they had a king, followed by a ruthless dictator. It took that kind of iron will to maintain this country.  Now this President says, with the $87 billion, we are going to establish an economy, a civil society, and a democracy in Iraq.  Excuse me, this is a long-term undertaking. To take a group of people with no history of nation state, with no history of self-governance, and say to them, America can send enough money to make you a nation, perhaps we can, but it will be a great expense to the people of this country, a great expense to Americans who need help in their schools.  I heard the same thing the Senator from Florida heard--no child left behind, President Bush's great idea. I voted for it. Perhaps the Senator did, too. The money is not there. It is not there because the President says we cannot afford it. We have to send money to Iraq. We have to build schools in Iraq.  I am sorry, I am one who supports foreign aid. I voted for it. I believe in it. But I didn't support this war. I didn't give the President the authority he asked for on the use-of-force resolution. I said, and others did as well--23 Senators voted as I did--it is easier to get in a war than it is to get out of it. This President is learning this bitter lesson. He comes to us for $87 billion, $20 billion for the rebuilding of Iraq. And that is not even half of what we expect will be needed.  We are in for the long haul, to get up every single morning, to turn on NPRand hear the news being led off by the story: Another American soldier killed and more wounded.  Just so people understand the gravity of this, a wounded soldier is not a flesh wound in all cases. Some of these soldiers, our best and brightest in America, have lost limbs. Their lives have been damaged and changed forever. They are just listed as ``wounded.'' But those wounds go deep and those families and those soldiers will bear them for many years to come.  That is where we are in this war in Iraq: This President ignoring the economic realities of America with the loss of jobs, ignoring what has happened because of the economic policy that has failed, refusing to acknowledge the cost of health insurance and these astronomical profits of the pharmaceutical companies, caving in to the special interests on Capitol Hill, ignoring the real people, the small businesses, the families across America who ask us to stand up for them. Instead, we are going to send $87 billion to Iraq to try to build an economy there.  Sadly, we should start here. Let's build America's economy. Let's try to make sure we focus on what we need as a nation. This administration has not done that. The American people will awaken to that. Congress should as well.  I yield the floor.  