President, first, let me say to my colleague from Utah, Senator Bennett, whom I respect and work with closely on a number of items, I thought he came to the floor of the Senate this week and made a valuable suggestion. He came to the floor of the Senate and said: Let's break this impasse over Mr. Estrada. If he will produce the legal documents, which Miguel Estrada has written as a member of staff of the Department of Justice, if he will produce those and if he will answer the questions, we can finally bring this to a vote.  He challenged me personally on the floor. He said: What will you do if we produce these documents? My response to him was as honest as could be. If he is honest and cooperate in producing the information and answering the questions, he deserves a vote. That is my personal feeling. I don't speak for any other Senator.  Within hours of that exchange on the floor of the Senate, the White House sent a lengthy letter refusing to disclose any of the legal memoranda of Miguel Estrada saying that, frankly, it was privileged information and that Members of the Senate should not read this man's writings about the law. I was sorry to see that happen.  I thought Senator Bennett was on to something very good that would have broken what appears to be a partisan impasse and finally put the information before the Senate and before the American people so Miguel Estrada would have moved to a vote.  Incidentally, having said on the floor what I thought about it, I went to a number of Democrats and said: Do you feel as I do? If he will disclose his legal memoranda, and if he will answer the questions that might arise from that, and perhaps a few that he avoided in the course of the hearing, would you vote to give him a vote? The answer was affirmative to a person; because, frankly, then we would know for whom we are voting.  But what we are dealing with here is a pattern of concealment by this nominee. He is not the first. In fact, it has become almost a tradition that judicial nominees come before the Senate--and maybe it harkens back to the Senator's earlier reference to Robert Bork. They are afraid if they tell people what they think and who they are they will get into trouble.  