 The Senator from Minnesota led us yesterday in an amazing rollcall vote, 93 to 3. We, as Members of the Senate, said we would live by the prescription drug plan that is created by this bill. Well, stay tuned. See if that amendment survives the conference committee or ever comes back to us.  If it does not, if it is taken out, the Senator from Minnesota has made a point. As Members of Congress, we will have a benefit twice as generous as what we are now offering to seniors across America, and what we are offering is not that generous to the seniors.  Look at what it is. We estimate over the next 10 years the cost of prescription drugs for seniors in America will be $1.8 trillion. In that period of time, we are going to spend $400 billion in this prescription drug benefit. So that is less than one-fourth of the total cost of prescription drugs.  How can that one-fourth, $400 billion, go further? If the overall costs are reduced down from $1.8 trillion.  Let me give an idea of how that works. The Veterans' Administration has cut drug prices for veterans by as much as 50 percent by negotiating with drug companies. There is no provision in S. 1 that requires the Federal Government or Medicare or anyone to negotiate with the drug companies on behalf of senior citizens--none. At best, we hope some private insurance companies will work out a formulary that gives them an opportunity for a profit by reducing the cost of drugs. That is as good as it gets. That is as close as this Senate will come to saying to the drug companies that they have to do better.  When it came to our veterans, we stood up as a government and said: We are going to stand behind them. When it comes to this situation for prescription drugs for seniors, we do not.  Health and Human Services has a similar formulary of drugs available across America for community health centers and the like. They bargain down prices. But when it comes to seniors, the largest unprotected group of prescription drug users across America, this bill is silent; it does nothing. The alternative which I am proposing will do something.  Medicare has 25 times the number of people as the Veterans' Administration. It has bargaining power. It can reduce the cost of drugs. At this point, we know the inspector general of HHS compared a list of 24 drugs covered by both Medicare and VA and found that VA spent 52 percent less for the same drugs. The inspector general estimated that Medicare would have saved $760 million in 1 year on those 24 drugs alone.  Let me say parenthetically, when we went to the Congressional Budget Office to score this, incredibly, they refused to even concede that we could get a discount on drugs. Now, I like the Congressional Budget Office. I am sure they are the greatest people in the world. But to whom are they listening? They are ignoring the reality of the Veterans' Administration. There is real cost savings that we can anticipate.  Let me tell my colleagues what the savings are for seniors when we move from the 50/50 split that is proposed by this bill to a 70/30 split, 70 percent paid by the Government for prescriptiondrugs, assuming a $35 monthly premium.  Take a look at it. If a senior in 1 year spent $1,000 for prescription drugs, they would end up spending out of pocket $720 under our proposal--that is under MediSAVE--but under the Grassley-Baucus bill, they would actually spend over $1,000.  How is that possible? A thousand dollars of prescription drugs and it costs more than $1,000? Do not forget the monthly premium. The monthly premium has to be added in. That has to be paid. So if a senior signs up for this voluntary prescription drug benefit under this plan, for the first $1,000 in drugs they have spent, they are not going to get anything back; they are still going to be out of pocket.  Now let's look at what happens with $2,300, which is the average that seniors pay for prescription drugs. Under our MediSAVE plan, it says a senior will spend out of pocket $1,110--that counts your monthly premium. Under the Grassley-Baucus bill, it is $1,708. We are going to save them about $600 if they are the average senior with the average annual cost for prescription drugs of $2,300. Our bill will save seniors $600 over the Grassley-Baucus plan.  As we go up to $4,000, $1,620 is what a senior would pay out of the $4,000 prescription drug bill under our plan, $2,558 under the Grassley-Baucus plan. For the $5,000 plan, the situation is a senior would pay $1,920 under MediSAVE, $3,307 under the Grassley-Baucus bill. And then for $10,000, here is a situation where a senior would have out of pocket $2,420 for a $10,000 bill--and prescription drugs can reach that cost; ask people on cancer therapies--$4,539 if they took the Grassley-Baucus plan.  So by every single measure at every single stop along the road, the plan I am proposing is going to offer much better and real savings for seniors.  Some I have talked to on the Republican side of the aisle say: Durbin, there you go again; this would be a price control. Well, the Veterans' Administration bargains with drug companies. We do not call it price control. When Canada stands up for its citizens to the same American drug companies, I think they are standing up for a national value and a family value. It is not a matter of corrupting the marketplace. The marketplace now is being driven by a handful of prescription drug companies that have little or no competition.  So unless and until some force such as the Government or the Veterans' Administration or the Department of Health and Human Services steps in, the average family, the average senior, does not have a fighting chance.  Incidentally, we brought this other chart out so people can see that even under this administration, we have had efforts by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to bargain down the cost of drugs.  Remember the anthrax scare? They said perhaps everybody should be prepared to buy Cipro. They took a look at Cipro market prices, and it was $4.67 per tablet. People said: If we have an anthrax problem across America, how will we afford this?  The Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tommy Thompson, went in and bargained it down to 95 cents and ultimately to 75 cents a pill from $4.67, and they made a profit at 75 cents. Do you want to know what the markup is on your prescription drugs? Look at what he achieved.  I will quote Secretary Thompson, who achieved this, and I commend him for it:       Everyone said I wouldn't be able to reduce the price of      Cipro. I'm a tough negotiator.  He obviously was, but when it comes to tough negotiations, this bill is silent. S. 1, the bill before us, is silent when it comes to these negotiations. We need to have someone who will stand up for seniors, families, and against the excessive prices charged by drug companies. The reason the drug companies want this bill is that no one is standing against them.  The bill I am offering, the MediSAVE substitute, will have exactly the opposite impact. We will bring down the excessive costs of prescription drugs. We will guarantee a $35 monthly premium, no deductible. We will make certain there is no gap in coverage so the private insurance companies cannot yank the chains of seniors across America. We will always give you a Medicare option so, as a senior, you can turn back to that agency and you can have a not-for-private low administrative overhead cost formulary that is discounted always available to you.  That is what seniors want. That is what they need. That is why so many organizations endorsed this bill. This is the bill we should be passing. We should send this to the House and say: What you are offering is a pale alternative to the real thing; MediSAVE is the real thing.  I commend it to my colleagues. I hope they join in voting for passage of this amendment.  I yield the floor.  