SCHUMER. I thank my colleague for the question. It is a very good question. Of course, it would involve us going into the heads of our colleagues, both on the other side of the aisle and the White House, in figuring this out. But I will tell my colleague what I think.  For some reason, the other side fears an open debate. For some reason, the White House and the other side do not want their nominees fully questioned. They have gone through every device and, as of last Thursday, even breaking the Senate rules. If the average citizen broke the rules, whether it be the driving rules, the parking rules, the rules of how you have to maintain your house or your sidewalk, there would be some recourse. I do not know what the recourse is here, but to abjectly break the rules and just say, I am breaking it, tough rocks, Jack, is so against the traditions we have had. For some reason, they do not want these nominees to be questioned. Why is that? We can only speculate, but I will tell my colleague what I think. I think some of these nominees' views are probably, and in some cases certainly, so far out of the mainstream that they do not want those views to become public because then it would either be, at minimum, an embarrassment for them, because this is not how President Bush was elected or most of the Senators were elected. We have mainstream conservatives and mainstream liberals, but very few Americans say: Have such a change in the way the courts and the Government functions that we should go back to the days of the 1930s or the 1890s.  There is a movement called the Federalist movement which basically has been devoted to cutting back dramatically on Federal power, giving that power to the States, giving that power to corporations, giving that power to others. I did not hear any mandate in the elections of 2000 or 2002 to go back to the 1930s, to go back to the 1890s, the way, say, I believe Justice Scalia, who has gone through the process, thinks. In fact, not only was there no mandate, there was no discussion. So when one asks oneself the very good question my friend from Illinois has asked me, which is, Why are they so afraid of questions of nominees, of debate, it is not certainly because they are afraid we are going to slow it down. We asked for 1 extra day of debate for Judge Cook and for Mr. Roberts. We did not get it. All we want from Miguel Estrada is some answers to questions and some papers, which they could have sent months ago. So this is, clearly, not just an issue of delay. If it were simply an issue of delay, we could work out an agreement, put in a time limit, and vote.  In my judgment, it is clear they do not want these questions answered. They do not even want them asked. That is why we are cutting off debate. Why? My guess--and it can only be a guess--is because the nominees to the judiciary, at least some of them, are so far over that if their real views were ascertained, the American people would be aghast.  