I will be extremely brief because I already stated my case in support of this amendment. But I would like to respond to the Senator from Alaska.  He and I have had some titanic struggles on this floor over a variety of issues, but I have the highest regard and respect for him personally. I am certain he did not mean to suggest nor did he say I have disclosed any classified information in my statement this morning. I would not do that, not knowingly. What I have disclosed to the Senate, in preparation for a vote on this amendment, has all been a matter of public record and published information.  There are many other things I have learned as a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee to which I can't make reference, because it is classified and very important, that remain classified. But I don't know which bill you would go to if you didn't go to the Defense Department bill to deal with questions of intelligence. It is one of the few, if only, bills coming before the Senate relating to intelligence gathering. We don't have a full blown discussion here about appropriations for the Central Intelligence Agency and all the intelligence aspects of the Federal Government. It is a carefully guarded secret of our Government as to how much is being spent and how it is spent. Many people have objected to that over the years. I understand their objections. I also understand the wisdom that we try to keep in confidence exactly what we are doing to gather information to protect America. About the only place where we openly discuss the funding of intelligence is in this bill. If you don't come to this floor on this bill to suggest that we can do a better job in gathering intelligence to protect America, then, frankly, there is no other appropriations bill to which you can turn.  I assume you might argue that the Department of Homeland Security, our new Department, has some aspects of intelligence. Maybe that argument can be made. But the most compelling argument is on this bill, the Department of Defense bill. That is why this amendment is not superfluous or out of line. This is where the amendment needs to be offered because what we are saying is, America is only as safe as the men and women who are protecting it, men and women who are in uniform, literally putting their lives on the line, and men and women working for our Government gathering information so that we can anticipate threats and make certain we protect the people.  What I have said in this amendment is we, clearly, know now that in the President's State of the Union Address statements were made which the President has disavowed as not being accurate and which the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency has said should not have been included because they were misleading. That is a critical element.  We gather across this Rotunda in the House of Representatives once a year, the combined membership of the House and the Senate, the Cabinet, the Supreme Court, the diplomatic corps, to hear the President deliver the State of the Union Address. It is his most important speech of the year. He outlines to the people the accomplishments of our Nation and the challenges we face.  This President came before us last January in an atmosphere leading up to an invasion of Iraq, a war. I don't think there is any more serious undertaking by a government than to say we are going to war. We are asking our citizens to put their lives on the line for the security of America. The President came to the people with that message.  We now know that at least one major part of that message--they say it is only 16 words but it was a major part of his message--was not accurate.  Do I think the President intentionally misled the American people?There is no evidence of that whatsoever. I have not heard a single person say he intentionally misled the American people in making that statement. But I will tell you this, there were people in that White House who should have known better. They had been warned 4 months before not to use the same reference in a speech the President was giving in Cincinnati. They had been told by the CIA that the information was not credible, could not be believed, should not be stated by the President of the United States, and that section was removed from the President's speech in October.  Those same people in the White House, bound and determined to put that language in the President's State of the Union Address, put in misleading language which attributed this information not to our intelligence, because our intelligence had disavowed it, discredited it, said we can't believe it.  No, they attributed it to British intelligence. Our people believed the British intelligence had been wrong from the start and yet we allowed that to be included in the speech.  Across America and around the world, people heard our President say that Iraq was acquiring uranium--or attempting to--from Niger in Africa to develop nuclear weapons. That is a serious charge. It is as serious as any charge that has been made against Saddam Hussein's regime. Someone in the White House decided they would cut a corner and allow the President to say this by putting in that phrase ``based on British intelligence.''  I would think the President would be angered over the disservice done to him by members of his staff. I would think the President would acknowledge the fact that even if Director Tenet could not discourage that member of the White House staff and stop them from putting in that language, the President has within his ranks on his staff some person who was willing to spin and hype and exaggerate and cut corners on the most important speech the President delivers in any given year.  That is inexcusable. This amendment says that this President will report to Congress on exactly what happened in reference to that State of the Union Address, that finally we will know the names of the people involved, that they will be held accountable for this misconduct which has caused such embarrassment, not just to the President, not just to his party, but to our Nation.  We need to be credible in the eyes of the world. When statements such as the one made by the President are clearly disavowed by the President, it affects our credibility.  Last night we tried to create an independent bipartisan commission to look into this question in an honest fashion. It was rejected on a party-line vote with every Republican voting against it.  Now I have taken the second option. Now we call on the President himself. Harry Truman from Independence, MO, used to say ``the buck stops here,'' when it comes to the President. The buck has stopped on the President's desk. The question is, What will he do to establish his credibility, to make certain that the next State of the Union Address is one that is credible in the United States and around the world and to make sure those people who misused the power of their office to lead him to make those misleading statements are removed once and for all?  It is a painful chapter in American history but it is one we cannot avoid. So long as it is unresolved, there will be a shadow over the intelligence gathering and use of this administration. That is not in the best interest of national security. It is not in the best interest of the people.  We in Congress have our responsibility, as a coequal branch of Government, to enforce oversight and to make certain that the American people are well served.  I yield the floor.  