He said it was going to cost about $100 billion to $200 billion. He lost his job over that statement. He was asked to leave the administration.  Mitch Daniels, then Director of the Office of Management and Budget, was quoted on December 31, 2002, in the New York Times, as having said then:       The administration's top budget official estimated today      that the cost of a war with Iraq could be in the range of $50      billion to $60 billion.  Well, we have blown past that, clearly. As I have noted, we are at $166 billion and counting. The ultimate cost of reconstruction, if it is $60 billion, means another $40 billion has to be found, and there are not many coalition donors willing to step forward with real money, and that is the reality.  The other thing that troubles many of us is that this administration, in justifying the invasion of Iraq, said many things. They said, No. 1, Saddam Hussein is a tyrant who should be replaced. No one argued with that. Everyone agreed. He was a dictator who was cruel to his own people, a threat to the region, and potentially a threat beyond. But then when they started building the case of why we had to do it quickly, before we built a coalition of support, before we brought in the United Nations behind us, the administration said we cannot wait; we have to go it alone; we have to create our own coalition; we have to go outside the United Nations for the following reasons: First, they said Saddam Hussein is developing nuclear weapons. Well, guess what. There is no evidence of that. That was the first thing they told us was the reason for the urgency, to get in there and stop the development of these nuclear weapons. Here we are more than 5 months after the end of military hostilities with no evidence whatsoever. In fact, the statements by the President about this uranium, this yellowcake, coming in from Africa to Iraq, that he made in his State of the Union Address, he has had to say within the last few weeks were just wrong; that evidence was not there. There was no reason to make that statement.  Then they went on to say there is immediacy for this invasion because of the chemical and biological weapons. In fact, it has now been declassified that we had identified 550 suspected sites of weapons of mass destruction, chemical and biological weapons, in Iraq. We are 5 months after the fact, and after thousands of our inspectors have combed all of those sites and others, they have come up empty. Now, Mr. Kay may find some evidence of something, but in the 550 sites of weapons of mass destruction they just were not discovered.  Then there was the argument that not only did they have those weapons but they could launch them in 45 minutes--the word ``launch'' was used--as a threat to the region, as a threat to the United States. That was repeated by Prime Minister Tony Blair as well as this administration, and in fact there is no evidence whatsoever that is the case.  Then the argument was made, wait a minute, keep in mind that Saddam Hussein was part of this grand terrorist conspiracy that struck the United States on September 11, 2001, in concert with al-Qaida. Just 2 weeks ago, the President had to come forward, after Vice President Cheney had said something very similar, and correct the record and say, no, we have no evidence of linkage between Saddam Hussein and al-Qaida. So here we have a case that is being built for the invasion of Iraq without a coalition that is global, without the support of the United Nations, and we find that the rationale, the arguments for it, have all broken down and fallen apart.  Others raised the question at the time, well, after we win in Iraq, after we have deposed Saddam Hussein, they asked President Bush and his administration, how will we rebuild it? What is the future of Iraq? And that is where the statements started pouring out that are relevant to this debate.  Vice President Cheney on ``Meet the Press,'' March 16, 2003:       In Iraq, you've got a nation that's got the second-largest      oil reserves in the world, second only to Saudi Arabia. It      will generate billions of dollars a year in cash flow if they      get back to their production of roughly three million barrels      of oil a day. . . .  That was Vice President Cheney pointing to the oil reserves of Iraq as the way they will rebuild their nation.  Paul Wolfowitz, Assistant Secretary of the Department of Defense, the man who is credited with being the architect of this Iraq strategy, the man who was pushing harder than most for the invasion of Iraq even if the United States had to go it alone, stated on March 27, 2003, when asked about the cost of reconstruction:       And on a rough recollection, the oil revenues of that      country could bring between $50 and $100 billion over the      course of the next two or three years. . . . We're dealing      with a country that can really finance its own      reconstruction, and relatively soon.  Six months ago, the leaders in this administration were telling the American people they would not have to bear this burden; the Iraqis with their oil revenues will be the ones to bear the burden.  Quoting Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld from March 27, 2003:       I don't believe that the United States has the      responsibility for reconstruction, in a sense. . . . And the      funds can come from those various sources I mentioned: frozen      assets, oil revenues and a variety of other things, including      the Oil for Food, which has a very substantial number of      billions of dollars in it.  So here we have the leaders in the administration who were categorical in saying that this day would never come, that we would not be on the Senate floor saying to the American people we need billions of dollars for Iraq, saying to the American people we need to add to the deficit of this Nation at the expense of spending for America's schools and America's health care, saying that we need to add to our Nation's deficit and money being taken out of the Social Security trust fund. The administration told us time and time again this day would never come. Yet here we are a few days after, 2 weeks after, and the President tells us this is the only way we can end our commitment to Iraq, the only way we can bring the troops home, to spend literally billions of dollars for the reconstruction of this nation.  Let me give one other quote from USAID Administration Natsios. He works in the Department of State. Mr. Natsios is responsible for the agency that does reconstruction, redevelopment, and rebuilding around the world. That is what that agency does.  The date is April 23 of this year, 6 months ago. He appeared on ``Nightline'' with Ted Koppel. Ted Koppel said to him:       I think you'll agree, this is a much bigger project--  Referring to Iraq--     than any that's been talked about. Indeed, I understand that      more money is expected to be spent on this than was spent on      the entire Marshall Plan for the rebuilding of Europe after      World War II.  Natsios replied:       No, no. This doesn't even compare remotely with the size of      the Marshall Plan.  Koppel:       The Marshall Plan was $97 billion.  Natsios:       This is $1.7 billion--  Not $97 billion. Natsios corrects him and says this is $1.7 billion for Iraq.  Koppel says:       All right, this is the first. I mean, when you talk about      1.7, you're not suggesting that the rebuilding of Iraq is      gonna be done for $1.7 billion?  Natsios replied:       Well, in terms of the American taxpayer's contribution, I      do, this is it for the US. The rest of the rebuilding of Iraq      will be done by other countries who have already made      pledges, Britain, Germany, Norway, Japan, Canada, and Iraqi      oil revenues, eventually in several years, when it's up and      running and there's a new government that's been      democratically elected, will finish the job with their own      revenues. They're going to get in $20 billion a year in oil      revenues. But the American part of this will be $1.7 billion.      We have no plans for any further-on funding for this.  Six months ago, the Department of State USAID Administrator tells you the sum total of America's responsibility for Iraq is $1.7 billion. And we come today with a bill on the floor that is 20 times that--not quite 20 times that; it is $20 billion to be accurate.  Koppel couldn't believe it:       And we're back once again with Andrew Natsios,      administrator for the Agency for International Development. I      want to be sure I understood you correctly. You're saying the      . . . top cost for the U.S. taxpayer will be $1.7 billion. No      more than that?  Natsios says:       For the reconstruction.  That is it. Those are the commitments made by the administration that led us up to this moment in the debate, and it is that point we have reached where we are now debating on the floor a reconstruction bill far in excess of what we ever anticipated.  Because it is in excess, many of us believe we need to step back and acknowledge the obvious. Though the administration and the military may have had an excellent plan for the military conquest of Iraq, they did not have a plan to rebuild that nation. They had no idea what it would cost, and they come to the American people today asking for more money than was ever imagined even 6 months ago by the leaders of this same administration.  I am going to yield the floor at this point because I know Senator Byrd wants to offer an amendment.  