When it comes to judicial nominations, the floor was filled earlier this morning with Republican Senators objecting to 60 votes. They set an outrageous standard to live by. Now they have turned around here. When it comes to Senator Murray's amendment to stand by women, to stand by pregnant mothers, to stand by victims of crimes, they have said to her that she is going to need 60 votes. In other words, they have been trying their best to stop her from protecting women in this circumstance.  I have to say to the Senator from Nevada, whether you are pro-choice, pro-life, or anti-abortion, it really is a woman's right to choose. Wouldn't you stand by a woman's right to plan for her own family and to be able to have at her disposal health insurance, birth control pills, and family planning information? We certainly say if a husband decides he needs Viagra in order to have a family, health insurance will cover that. Why wouldn't we cover birth control pills? That is what this says. Senator Reid of Nevada has a bill. Senator Murray has added it to her amendment. It is eminently sensible.  We come down in this debate to pretty basic values and issues. As far as I am concerned, whatever you call yourself on the abortion issue, I think most people across America will agree we want to reduce the number of unplanned and unwanted pregnancies. We want to reduce those tragic circumstances in the case of crimes of rape or incest, and we want to make sure mothers have health insurance protection so they and their babies will be helped and taken care of in the best medical profession. Sadly, the opposition on the other side makes that very difficult, if not impossible.  This will be a good test vote when it comes to families and the rights of women and children. It really gets down to some fundamentals. It is not enough to stand up, as did my colleague from Wisconsin, David Obey,and pose for holy pictures and say, I am opposed to abortion, and then turn around and vote against family planning that can avoid abortion; turn around and vote against those contraception techniques of an emergency nature and avoid unwanted pregnancies; to vote against health insurance for these mothers.  The Senator from Washington has put this debate in the right perspective. If we are going to be honest about this issue, we need to support Senator Murray. I will be one who votes for her amendment.  I yield the floor.  