 But I will just say if we are going to err in judgment here, let us at least erron the side of understanding that there are medical complications and there are medical problems which we cannot as simple lawyers and legislators even envision. Let us defer to the professionals, the obstetricians and gynecologists who have written to us and said, Please don't pass S. 3, the Santorum amendment. There are moments in time when we have to make critical medical decisions, and in those moments we have to do what is best for the woman involved here. Don't foreclose an opportunity. Don't tell us we cannot do it. Don't make it be prohibited under law.  That, I think, is what this debate is all about. I will tell you that this amendment which I have offered does not have universal acceptance either on the pro-choice or the pro-life side. Even this morning a pro-choice group notified me that people voting for the Durbin amendment are not going to be viewed in a popular and favorable light. I consider myself pro-choice in my approach to this decision. I know now that some pro-choice groups disagree with us because this amendment is very strict and very specific. It says when it comes to postviability abortions and late-term abortions, we are laying down very strict limitations and guidelines as to when you can be eligible for this.  This says it isn't just matter of a doctor performing the abortion reaching the decision. It is a matter that has to be confirmed by another doctor. An independent doctor has to certify, yes, if that pregnancy goes forward, that mother's life is at stake, if that pregnancy goes forward that mother is facing the risk of grievous physical injury, and if that doctor misrepresents the condition of the mother, that doctor stands to lose his medical license and faces fines up to a quarter of a million dollars. I think this is as tough as it can be, and as tough as it should be to make certain we don't have abortions in late-term pregnancies except for the most serious and tragic circumstances.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senators Harkin and Lieberman be added as cosponsors to my amendment.  