They called my office and they said: What happened to this Medicare HMO we were supposed to turn to? We can't trust them. They are not there. We are sticking with Medicare.  So my point to the Senator from Pennsylvania is that we are dealing here with a Medicare option which most seniors don't view as an ugly, reprehensible, big government option. They view it instead as something they are comfortable with, that America for 40 years has lived with, and has been a dramatic success since the days when President Lyndon Johnson came forward and said: There is no reason, since your mother and father, once retired, now have a little Social Security check, why they shouldn't have health care. So we are going to create Medicare. In the 1960s, we did it. It worked.  What is the proof of its value and effectiveness? The fact that seniors are living longer. It is an indication to me that this Government-run Medicare Program has worked. It pains my friends from the conservative side of the aisle to concede the fact that a Government program works, but Medicare does work. And because it has worked, seniors trust it. But my Republican friends didn't like it to start with--at least their predecessors in the Senate--and they don't care much for it today. So they are trying to find a way to move us away from this command-and-control, top-down program, and they have decided they will use prescription drugs as their stalking horse for the elimination of Medicare. That is a sad outcome.  Now they are even talking about $6 billion with which they are going to subsidize private insurance companies, a Federal subsidy to create an alternative to Medicare as part of this bill.  The goal for some--I won't ascribe this to the Senator from Pennsylvania because I don't know if this is his own philosophy--is to get rid of Medicare. They believe it is outmoded and old-fashioned. I do not. I believe Medicare offers something to seniors which the private sector cannot offer: A nonprofit, low-administrative-cost system which treats seniors the same from one edge of America to the other and basically says: We will try to keep costs under control because we speak for tens of millions of seniors.  The same approach can work effectively when it comes to prescription drugs. The MediSAVE plan, which I offer with the support of major senior citizen organizations and organized labor, says just that. If you want a private insurance company to compete, God bless you, bring them in. Give them their best opportunity. If they can beat the socks off Medicare in a region of the country, that is to the benefit of seniors. But for goodness' sake, why are those who are in favor of the private sector so afraid of Medicare as an option, the top-down, command-and-control, bureaucratic government? That happens to be what we have lived with successfully for 40 years in America under the Medicare system.  Despite all the pejorative adjectives applied, seniors don't see it that way. They trust Medicare. Some Senators may not trust it, but seniors trust it. We ought to trust them to make a choice. What is wrong with their making a choice?  Frankly, you have to be honest about this bill. There is no guarantee in here about a $35 monthly premium. Seniors could face a much larger premium, and they know it. There is no guarantee that the private HMO company offering prescription drugs is going to be around in 2 years. It could be gone. And that infuriates seniors as well. They had the rug pulled out from under them with the Medicare HMOs. They don't want the same thing happening with prescription HMOs. That is why most of them are likely to gravitate toward the Medicare style plan. That is a dagger to the heart of styptic-hearted conservatives who want to see Medicare go away. But it is a fact.  Ask your seniors in Pennsylvania, in Illinois, even in Tennessee. They will tell you they like Medicare: Please, don't give up on it. That is why I think this alternative is so important.  Frankly, what we are saying to them is, we are going to have an issue which my friend from Pennsylvania has not addressed. We are going to have an effort by Medicare and others to bring prescription drug costs down. It has worked for the Veterans' Administration, and we have 25 times as many seniors under Medicare as we have veterans.  So let us give that bargaining power to Medicare and to the private insurance companies. And who is going to win? The winners will be seniors and their families.  