The child was destined to die almost immediately after birth.  Of course, some people would say at that point: Why not just finish the pregnancy? Why do you have to do anything? Her doctor said to her, unfortunately: You are not the healthiest person in the world even as a mother of two children. You have a diabetic condition, and you have the chance of complications. Therefore, her doctor recommended that she terminate that pregnancy, using the same procedure which would be outlawed, banned, prohibited by this legislation.  Her husband was a practicing physician who was then in private business. She said in her testimony she almost had to be carried out of the waiting room after she was told this devastating information. They went home. I talked with her. She said they had sleepless nights about what is the right thing to do: Should I go ahead and risk my life and my health and finish this pregnancy or what?  They finally came to the conclusion that the best thing for her, her health, and her family was to go ahead and terminate the pregnancy of this poor malformed fetus that would never survive, and she did it. They used the very procedure which the Senator from Pennsylvania would prohibit and ban. The last time I saw her was here on Capitol Hill. She was pushing a stroller with her new baby boy.  I say to the Senator, a lot of this debate is premised on false premises that women that late in pregnancy would not take the termination of a pregnancy very seriously. I do not believe that. I think the overwhelming majority of women that late in a pregnancy are not going to end the pregnancy unless there is some extraordinary situation. That somehow the women who make this decision really never wanted to have a baby--look at Vikki Stella. Look at Mrs. Costello and others. They had a family and were hoping to add to their families. Frankly, there are lots of options which they could choose.  I say to the Senator from California, isn't that what we are finding, that these are extraordinary medical situations where we are asked now in the Senate to impose our medical judgment over the judgment of an obstetrician, over the judgment of a family doctor? We are going to make the medical decision on the floor of the Senate, a decision which should be made in a hospital, in a clinic, in a doctor's waiting room; isn't that what this comes down to?  I ask the Senator from California if she sees it as an issue that brings that kind of decision to the forefront.  