I say to the Senator from Nevada, I do not profess to be an expert, but I did, in my private practice as an attorney before I came to the Congress, have several malpractice cases. In some I defended doctors and in some I sued doctors for what I believed to be malpractice. Those are heartbreaking cases and should not be dismissed easily by the Members of the Senate until they sit down and talk to families.  I can recall a family who brought in an infant girl to my office. She had gone to the doctor for her ordinary baby shots, which I am sure the Senator from Nevada and my family have done; we have brought our children in for them without any real concern. This poor little girl, because she had a condition known as roseola, a form of measles that was undetected before the administration of the baby shot, ended up with a serious reaction to the pertussis vaccine for whooping cough and literally became a quadriplegic. This little girl was going to live the rest of her life in a virtual coma-like state and need constant care.  What we hear from the other side of the aisle is that that is not worth more than $250,000.  I would say, if I were the parent of that little girl, I would view this a lot differently. I would want to have a jury of my peers to decide what it is worth, what is the value.  But S. 11 takes away the authority of the jury to make that decision and decides we will make the decision here for every case in America--no matter how serious the injury to the infant or the person who is the victim of malpractice, no matter what the circumstances--to strictly limit it to a $250,000 recovery.  I think that is unfair. I think the Senator from Nevada has made the point.  The last point I will make on this issue is that I think we need to give the doctors immediate relief on malpractice premiums. I am going to introduce legislation with Senator Graham of South Carolina that will provide an immediate tax credit, in addition to the deductibility, an immediate tax credit of up to 20 percent for relief to the specialties that are hardest hit by these increases in premiums for malpractice insurance--neurosurgery, OB/GYN, trauma surgeons. I really believe we need to do something quickly.  S. 11 does nothing but change a law which may or may not, in 3 or 4 years,result in premiums going down. It is far better for us to do something on an immediate basis, an emergency basis. I hope the medical association and societies across America will take a hard look at this bill--it is being offered in good faith to deal with the immediate crisis--rather than penalize the victims of medical malpractice.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  