President, I will speak briefly because I have to go to another meeting and return for the vote.  I have great respect for the Senators from Iowa and Montana, but I struggle to understand why we are giving a $6 billion subsidy to the HMOs in America. If they are so good, if they are so efficient, if the free market is truly better than the Government-run Medicare system, why in the world do they need $6 billion worth of the taxpayers' money? You know that of that $6 billion hundreds of millions of dollars are going to go to them in profits. We are literally subsidizing the profits of these companies. We are creating this artificial environment that suggests these companies can do just as good a job or better than Medicare with the $6 billion Federal subsidy to make it work.  I can't understand why my colleagues on the conservative side who are hidebound apostles of the free market system don't even wince when it comes to sending $6 billion to the HMOs and the private insurance industry in order to let them play on the field for health care for seniors in America. I don't get it. I certainly don't understand why you wouldn't take that same money to protect the most vulnerable people in America--our senior citizens who are struggling with heart disease, cancer, Alzheimer's, and diabetes and its complications. Why is the money for the boardrooms of the HMOs a good expenditure of tax dollars and the money for the family rooms of senior citizens struggling with these deadly diseases not a good investment with taxpayer dollars?  The underlying bill is the biggest breakthrough for the American pharmaceutical industry since the establishment of patents in the Constitution. This amendment with $6 billion in flatout tax subsidies to HMOs is the answer to the prayers of the insurance companies in America.  Is that what the Senate is all about? Are we supposed to come here to make certain that the wealthiest corporations in America get wealthier? I don't think so. They are doing quite well. The rate of return for pharmaceutical companies across America is 18 percent. The average for the S companies is 3 percent. These companies are immensely wealthy and profitable. We help them even more with this bill. We know how well the insurance companies are doing. We know the bonuses they give their executives and we are going to plow in $6 billion to make it even wealthier.  There is something else wrong. We know that a lot of average citizens in America--particularly senior citizens--are struggling. Pick up the morning papers. Whether it is the Washington Post or the New York Times, they go to speak to seniors in their real-life environment and talk to them about how they survive. Some of them are well off. Some are lucky. They have saved a lot of money or they have a good and generous retirement but a lot of them do not. A lot of them are literally struggling month to month, some even week to week, just to get by.  This morning in the Washington Post there was a story about a widow lady who said: At the end of the month, I'm lucky if I have a dollar left over. At the end of the article she said: I wonder how many Senators have ever thought about trying to live on $1,100 a month.  I don't know how she does it. I don't know how a lot of people do it in my State. Why wouldn't we want to help these people? Why is it the pharmaceutical companies and the HMOs are more important than the most vulnerable people in society? I don't get it.  Frankly, I think a lot of our colleagues, as I said earlier, ought to take these arguments, which sound so good on the floor of the Senate, back to the real world of the State they represent, take them into the town of their choice, the public meeting of their choice, and explain to people why HMOs need a subsidy but seniors do not need a helping hand. It just does not work.  So I will be offering an amendment that says we will take this $12 billion and focus it on the elderly people who suffer from some of the worst and most demanding diseases.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Alexander). Who yields time?  The Senator from Montana.  