If the Senator accepts what the Senator has just argued--that every time we elect a new President every lawsuit filed by the U.S. States Government would have to be refiled because there is a new President, there is a new Attorney General, there is a new Solicitor General--that isn't the case. There is a continuity of government. Presidents come and Presidents go. Senators come and Senators go. Attorneys General come and go. But the U.S. Government continues. For Miguel Estrada to argue that because President Bush's father did not waive the privilege then he can't waive the privilege today, I think is just plain wrong. I think the continuity of government argues otherwise.  Let me show you this chart that might be helpful in understanding what is being asked for is not unusual.  Look at this chart. The Bush administration claims that the request for Mr. Estrada's legal writings is unprecedented, it has never happened, it is a matter of privilege. But the Department of Justice has provided memos by attorneys during the following nominations: When William Bradford Reynolds was nominated to be Associate Attorney General, his legal memoranda were produced by the same Department of Justice which now argues they cannot do it. Robert Bork was nominated to be a Supreme Court Justice, and his legal memoranda were produced by the same Department of Justice which now says we cannot read Miguel Estrada's memoranda.  For Benjamin Civiletti, when he was nominated to be Attorney General, the same ruled applied. The Department of Justice said: Read those so you understand who he is. Now they say: You cannot read what Miguel Estrada wrote when he worked for us. We also have Stephen Trott, for the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and Justice William Rehnquist, the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.  So for the Department of Justice to argue this just is never done, here are five specific examples where the Department of Justice has waived the privilege and produced the writings.  It comes down to the basic point and question before us, What is my responsibility, what is your responsibility, and the responsibility of the Senate when a person seeks a lifetime appointment to the second highest court of the land? Do we have a responsibility to just nod approval, to stamp ``approved'' on them, and move them through or do we have a responsibility to ask basic questions?  Some of them are obvious: Is this person a person of good character? Does this person have a good legal education? Does this person have a good mind and a good temperament?  I would tell you, in each and every one of those categories, I think the answer is affirmative when it comes to Miguel Estrada. This is an impressive man. What he has done with this life, what he has overcome by way of personal challenge and adversity is really inspiring. I say that having met him and sat down with him and read his story. All those things are true.  But we also have a responsibility to ask: What is in your mind? What are your values? What principles will you bring to this job--not next year but 10 years from now if you are still sitting there as a Federal circuit court judge? How will you be motivated to make a decision?  I am not going to ask any judicial nominee to tell me how they will decide a specific case. That is not fair; that is not right. But to ask a judicial nominee basic questions you would ask of a district court judge in Utah and I would in Illinois, that is not unreasonable because we want to try to create a mental picture of who this person is and what they bring to the job.  Miguel Estrada did so well--straight A's--on all the things I mentioned before: honesty, character, personal background, academic achievement, legal achievement as well. All these things, straight A's.  Then we came to the basic question of: In your mind, who are you? How do you view the law? And that is where he failed. That is why his nomination is stopped on the floor of the Senate.  I asked him a question. It is written down here, and I will not recount it because I have already put it in the Record. Think about this question for a minute. I said to him: Can you identify any Federal judge, living or dead, whom you admire, whom you would like to emulate if you were appointed to the Federal judiciary? End of question. Not a trick question, no. He said: I would not want to answer that question. I would not want to name a single Federal judge whom I admire or would emulate from the bench.  That troubles me.  