President, I thank the Democratic leader for his statement. It raises some critical issues.  I listened as my colleagues on the Republican side came to the floor this morning when they had the opportunity to talk about the situation in Iraq. The premise of many of their statements is undeniable, and that is the fact we cannot walk away from Iraq. As expensive as it may be, as dangerous as it may be, as many lives as it may claim, the fact is, once the decision was made to invade Iraq and topple the government, we have a responsibility there. For us to leave now and let Iraq descend into chaos to become a training ground for more terrorism in the region and against the United States is totally unacceptable.  The fact is, for good or for ill, we are in a situation where we are faced with this responsibility. It is a substantial responsibility. As we look to the reasoning that led us into Iraq, there have been a lot of revelations over the last 3 or 4 weeks. You may recall initially the administration said: We believe that Iraq is in a position where it can build nuclear weapons that could threaten the world; these nuclear weapons could be used for terrorist purposes. In fact, the President of the United States in the State of the Union Address spoke of this fissile material coming into Iraq from Niger, an African nation.  Further investigation leads us to conclude that perhaps we were wrong. The President has conceded his statement in the State of the Union Address was wrong. There was no evidence of fissile material coming from Africa into Iraq.  Frankly, today, 5 months after the end of military operations, there has been no evidence uncovered to suggest there were nuclear weapons in Iraq when the administration told us. That was one of the reasons we had to go to war.  Of course, the other reason that was raised--with some frequency--was weapons of mass destruction, chemical and biological weapons that could threaten the region and the world. In fact, at one point in time someone in the administration said--I believe it was the President--that within 45 minutes the Iraqis could launch an attack on the United States with chemical and biological weapons.  Well, we know where we are today. Five months after the military hostilities have ended, those overt hostilities, we have found no evidence of weapons of mass destruction. None. Our troops went in, in full gear, prepared to confront chemical and biological warfare, and it never happened. The administration has said that is really irrelevant; the important consideration is the fact that many years ago Iraq had chemical and biological capability.  I have to remind them, that is not what they told us before we invaded Iraq: It was a real threat, an imminent danger, and one that had to be preempted, that we had to move on, even before the Iraqis showed any hostilities directly toward the United States.  Today we are emptyhanded. Today we can find no evidence of weapons of mass destruction. Perhaps something will be found.  I always qualify my remarks thinking, How could we have missed it? How could we have said that we identified 550 sites of weapons of mass destruction before the invasion of Iraq and today, after thousands of inspectors on behalf of the United States have combed through Iraq, after the end of the military operations, we find nothing. I still think we are going to find something, but as the days go on and weeks go on and months go on and nothing turns up, it becomes more and more apparent that the weapons of mass destruction threat in Iraq was grossly exaggerated--exaggerated far beyond reality. And it was one of the real bases for our invasion of Iraq.  The third one was a miscalculation by some people in the administration to associate Saddam Hussein with 9/11 and to suggest that Saddam Hussein and Iraq had something to do with it.  Well, there is no evidence of that. Despite the fact that loose rhetoric by members of the administration led some to conclude there was a linkage, that somehow Saddam Hussein was supporting the al-Qaida terrorists who attacked the United States, despite that loose rhetoric, there is no evidence of it.  Last week or the week before, the President came out and publicly said that. He said his Vice President was wrong on ``Meet the Press.'' They could find no linkage between al-Qaida and Saddam Hussein.  So those three elements that led us to invade Iraq have all virtually disappeared.  The one that remains, the one that the Democratic leader alluded to, I do not quarrel with. Saddam Hussein was a terrible man, a terrible leader, and a terrible threat to the people in his region. The fact that he is gone is good for Iraq and good for the world. That is a positive thing.  But all of the other justification that led to such a substantial vote for use of force in Iraq, all of that justification has evaporated right before us. That is the reality. It appears that the facts have changed pretty dramatically from what the administration told us we would find in Iraq.  But when I listen to my Republican colleagues on the floor, their arguments about the invasion of Iraq have not changed.  This much we do know. Our military did an outstanding job. Let me add, parenthetically, that during the course of the Presidential campaign, then-Governor Bush, now President Bush, alluded to the fact that our military was so weak and so hollow and so unprepared because of deficiencies of the Clinton administration that they did not do a good job in the Department of Defense, they did not prepare our military.  Well, look what happened when that Clinton-prepared, Clinton-equipped, Clinton-financed military went to war in Iraq. They did a spectacular job. The bravest, most skilled men and women in uniform in the world, with the best technology, rolled over Iraq in 3 weeks--an amazing military victory, a tribute to their skill and their planning.  Let me underline that word ``planning'' because you have to say that at the end of these open hostilities, May 1--the conquest of Baghdad and the military victory in Iraq--we have to say, from that point forward we have not seen the same skill and we have not seen the same planning. Exactly the opposite has been the case.  It is apparent to us, as we listen every single day to reports, tragic reports about the loss of American life and more American casualties, that little planning took place to anticipate what we would find in Iraq.  Do you remember the scenarios painted by the Bush administration about what would happen after Saddam Hussein was gone--how the Iraqis would cheer us in the street with open arms, putting flowers into our rifle barrels, and all the rest?  Unfortunately, that celebration was short-lived. In a very brief period of time, the Iraqis, who were glad to see Hussein gone--and I am sure that is the overwhelming majority--also asked that we leave. When we did not, more tension was created, and that tension has led to a loss of American lives. More lives have been lost in Iraq since the President declared the end of military operations than occurred during the course of the invasion and war in Iraq. That is a sad reality.  It is clear the Bush administration did not have a plan to deal with Iraq after the war was over. That is so obvious and so evident. Frankly, I think the President's speech of 9 days ago told that whole story. The President came to the American people--and Presidents rarely do this--on a Sunday evening and announced we needed $87 billion in an emergency supplemental appropriations for Iraq.  The American people were stunned, stunned by the size of that number. Now, when you break out that number, you see that some $67 billion is going to go for our troops. I think I can say without fear of contradiction that there will not be a single Senator--Democrat or Republican--voting against that. We are going to give our troops in the field every dollar they need to be successful, to be safe, and to come home. That money will be appropriated by this Senate with very little debate. There will be some questions about how it will be spent, but I believe, when it is all said and done, the $67 billion will come racing through the Senate, as it should. We should never shortchange our sons and daughters and relatives and friends and family who are serving in the military of the United States.  But it is the rest of the appropriation that has raised so many questions and so much concern--$20 billion for the construction and reconstruction of Iraq. Five billion dollars goes for a police force. I am for that. The sooner we can get American soldiers out of the jobs of directing traffic, keeping order and law in place in marketplaces, guarding banks and guarding universities, the sooner we can get American combat soldiers out of that role the better. Iraqi policemen should do that job. But that is $5 billion.  The remainder is $15 billion for the construction and reconstruction of Iraq for a variety of things--the draining of the wetlands in Iraq, the refurbishing and construction of 1,000 new schools in Iraq, the building of new hospitals, railroads, telecommunications, electric supply, water and sewer--a massive infrastructure investment.  Yesterday, the man who is responsible for that, Ambassador Paul Bremer, came to speak to us just a few yards away from this Chamber. He addressed our senatorial luncheon on the Democratic side. I asked him a few direct questions.  First, I asked him: We gave you some $79 billion for the troops and reconstruction just a few months back. How long will that money be there for you to use? When will you run out of the $79 billion we have already appropriated?  Ambassador Bremer said: December the 1st.  Now, that is an important date to remember because you are going to hear from the Republican side of the aisle that we need to pass this supplemental emergency appropriations bill by the end of next week, at the latest by the end of next week. Well, that would be by October 3.  By my calculation, that is 2 months away from when the money is actuallyneeded. So if we take another week to ask some questions about how this money is being spent, it certainly is not going to be at the expense of either our troops or our efforts in the reconstruction of Iraq today. I think we owe that to the American people.  I then asked Ambassador Bremer: What is the total cost for construction and reconstruction in Iraq?  He said: The World Bank estimate is $60 billion.  We are pledging, with the new $87 billion appropriation, $20 billion of the $60 billion, so that leaves some $40 billion that needs to be found.  I said to him: Where will we find the additional $40 billion?  He said: From donors around the world.  I am very skeptical of that. I think the American people should be. The President found yesterday that his visit to the United Nations did not result in countries around the world standing in line queuing up to send their troops and their treasure to help us in Iraq.  They have their own concerns and their own problems and their own financial priorities. In fact, we asked Ambassador Bremer, the total amount pledged by the world to help us in Iraq for reconstruction to this point does not even reach $2 billion, so we have a shortfall of some $38 billion in the planned reconstruction of Iraq. I said to the Ambassador: I assume then that the $20 billion you are asking for now from the American people is just a downpayment. You are going to be back for more?  Oh, no, he said. This is it. This is all we are going to ask for, $20 billion.  I doubt it. I am skeptical of that. What are we going to do if the other countries around the world don't put their money into the reconstruction of Iraq? Are we going to give up on that and walk away? I started this statement by saying that is unacceptable. We can't do that. It is our responsibility. Once the President and this country made a decision to invade, we had a special responsibility, as painful and expensive as it may be, to Iraq. That was the administration's decision. That is where we find ourselves today.  This, incidentally, is the plan of the administration, ``The Coalition Provisional Authority in Baghdad, Achieving the Vision to Restore Full Sovereignty to the Iraqi People, an Overview.'' I first saw it yesterday. It is dated July 21--2 months ago. We asked Ambassador Bremer: Why is this plan for the future of Iraq just surfacing now?  He said: I thought we had sent that out to every Senator and Congressman.  Well, none of my colleagues with whom I have talked saw it until just within the last day or two.  When you look through this plan, you start asking a lot of questions. Let me go to an early part of the plan, on page 7: ``Resources to Rebuild Iraq.'' Let me quote from the plan:       It is difficult at this point to quantify the external      assistance needed to support Iraq's transition to      representative government in a market economy. Eastern      European experience suggests that a substantial international      commitment will be needed.  It goes on to say:       Only a coordinated international effort can bring      prosperity and stability to the Iraqi people and contribute      to a lasting peace in the Middle East.  I don't quarrel with that conclusion, but the facts today say this so-called plan by the Bush administration isn't going to work. If we could only raise some $2 billion from around the world to deal with the reconstruction of Iraq out of a total cost of $60 billion, where is the significant commitment that is needed from countries around the world? It isn't there. Once again, it is going to fall on the shoulders of America's taxpayers. It is going to fall on the shoulders of American families to deal with.  It couldn't come at a worse time, when we are dealing with America's economy today. We have lost more jobs under this President than any President in the last 70 years. More jobs have been lost under President George W. Bush, 3 million more jobs lost, than under any President since Herbert Hoover in the Great Depression.  I feel it in my State, where we have lost about 20 percent, and one out of every five are manufacturing jobs that have gone overseas, to China and other places. Other States around the Nation are experiencing the same.  We are also dealing with a failed effort by the Bush administration to revive the economy and get it moving. They initiated all of these tax cuts which are pushing America beyond the brink of bankruptcy, tax cuts that are driving us into a deficit hole the likes of which we have never seen in the history of the United States, tax cuts that go primarily to the highest income individuals. What have they achieved? They have created record deficits.  Think of this: When this President took office, he was dealing with a record surplus left over from the Clinton administration. Now, in just 3 short years, he has taken that surplus and turned it into a record deficit, aggravated by the cost of sustaining what is inevitable in Iraq.  What does it mean when that deficit comes down to our own budget here at home? It means cutbacks in education and health care. If you followed the Senate debate 2 weeks ago about the appropriation for education, you would have found us day after day, hour after hour, voting down amendments--supported by Democrats, opposed by Republicans--to put more money into education. We offered one amendment that said we want to take the President's promise for No Child Left Behind and make it a reality. Senator Robert Byrd offered an amendment that we would take the $6 billion shortfall in the President's promise to school districts around America and we were going to appropriate it. It was voted down by the Republican side of the aisle. Why? They said we couldn't afford $6 billion for American schools.  Think about that for a second: $20 billion for Iraq reconstruction. Yes, the Bush administration says we must. But $6 billion as promised for American schools? The answer was: No, we can't do it.  As a matter of fact, the $87 billion requested by the President for Iraq is more than the total we will spend next year on education and homeland security in the United States. Think about that for a second.  There is another element, too. We are financing the war in Iraq with deficits. We are borrowing money to pay for that war. We are not cutting spending. We are not raising taxes. We are borrowing the money from the Social Security trust fund. We are endangering Social Security. We are limiting the reserves and resources of Social Security at a time when millions of baby boomers are just years away from showing up for their Social Security checks. It is the height of irresponsibility.  The President's tax cuts have pushed us to this point of bankruptcy and deficits, the deepest deficits in the history of the United States, at the expense of health care, education, and the solvency of the Social Security trust fund. All of those things are part of the Bush package over the last 3 years. Yet this President came to us 9 days ago and said: We need to dig deeper; we need $87 billion more to pay for the war in Iraq.  When you ask the American people what is a good way to pay for the war in Iraq, they say: Why don't you eliminate or at least postpone some of the tax cuts for the wealthiest people in America that the Bush administration has pushed for?  That certainly seems reasonable to me. If someone happens to be making $1 million a year and are receiving $38,000 or more in tax cuts, is it too much to ask that person making $1 million a year to give up that tax cut to deal with our deficit, to pay for our war in Iraq? I don't think it is unreasonable. But, frankly, the administration says that is totally unacceptable. They want even bigger tax cuts, more permanent tax cuts for people in higher income categories. It is the height of irresponsibility.  The American people understand this. Our economy is weak. We have lost a record number of jobs. Our deficit is growing at a pace unrivaled in American history. We find health care and education being cut back, Social Security endangered, and the President wants $87 billion for Iraq, a pricetag without a plan.  This is no plan. What we have been handed by the administration is, frankly, a wish list of ideas that isn't backed up in reality. There is no explanation here of what we will do in Iraq if other countries around the world don't joinus, don't come to our side and our alliance in terms of the future of Iraq. There is no plan whatsoever. Without that plan, there are a lot of questions that need to be asked here in the Senate.  I sincerely hope my Republican colleagues who fashion themselves as fiscal conservatives will come to understand what we are faced with. They have voted for tax cuts which have bankrupted America. We now find ourselves in a position where the bankruptcy hole is getting deeper and deeper. We need to ask the hard questions. Some of them are painful.  We will never scrimp when it comes to paying for the support of our troops, nor should we; we will give them all the money they need. But when it comes to rebuilding Iraq, we need to ask some hard questions.  One question that needs to be asked, front and center, is the question of profiteering in Iraq. It is unconscionable, it is unexplainable, it is indefensible that Halliburton, Vice President Cheney's former corporation, stands to gain up to $7 billion in no-bid contracts for Iraq where they, in fact, are the single bidder on contracts. When we asked the Department of Defense, Why in the world are you giving Halliburton so much work to the exclusion of all the other companies in America, they said: We would like to tell you, but it is top-secret classified information.  Excuse me. I don't believe that. I think, frankly, having competitive bidding for work to be done in Iraq is only reasonable. It should be a supreme embarrassment to this administration that the company that continues to pay the Vice President, a company which had a close, personal, financial tie to him for so many years, is the company that continues to profiteer in Iraq.  There have to be other companies in America capable of doing this work that should at least be allowed to bid on the contract. But that has not taken place. Unless and until it does, I am afraid a lot of people will be skeptical about this plan to rebuild Iraq.  There is one last point I wish to make. The President basically announced on May 1 that military operations in Iraq were over. Recently, the American people were asked if they believe the war is over. By a margin of 89 to 10, the American people said, no, the war in Iraq is not over. When you wake up every morning, turn on your radio or television, and the lead story is another American soldier being killed, you realize the war is not over. When you reflect on the pricetag of $1 billion a week to sustain the military operation in Iraq, you know the war is not over. When the President asks for $87 billion in a deficit-ridden economy for a plan that doesn't exist to rebuild Iraq, you know, sadly, that the war is not over.  We can do better as a nation. We need to come together as a nation. We need to plan to find a way to bring security to Iraq in a responsible fashion.  I yield the floor.  