REID. I say to my friend, I personally do not care whether we vote or not. I think it is late. I am not sure we need a vote. I am not sure people are here to vote, but I really do not care. I simply want everyone to know, as I have said on several occasions, that someone who can be maybe not the most cooperative--but I think I am in the top 20 or so of being cooperative around here--I am happy to be cooperative in the future. But I repeat, on more than one occasion I have said today that we cannot be treated this way. We are part of the program here.  We cannot tell people who live in California there is going to be a vote. They ask, well, what time is that vote going to be on Monday?  Well, we don't know.  What is it going to be on?  We don't know, maybe something dealing with the Commerce-State-Justice.  Well, what if an amendment is going to be brought up, is it not going to be debated?  I don't know.  I had a call from somebody who had a schedule in the eastern part of the United States today. He said: Should I come?  I said: I don't know. I am going to try to protect you, but I don't know if I can.  Here we are. To compound things, tomorrow is a national holiday that Senator Daschle originally agreed to work and have votes on so we could get out of here.  So I don't know if there is going to be a vote. I don't know. I don't know if there is going to be a vote. I really don't know, but maybe when I finish there will be a decision made on that. Maybe tomorrow we will have a better idea of what the schedule is. I hope that in the scheduling for tomorrow we will have some definition tonight what that scheduling is going to be.  Those people in the West have lost their day. They cannot go West to enter into functions sponsored by veterans on Veterans Day. They cannot do that now. They have been brought back here for various and sundry reasons, none of which they understand. If people had some idea tonight, there are still things on the East Coast that people could still do tomorrow. I am sure maybe the Senator from Illinois, if he knew what the schedule was tomorrow he could return to the Chicago area or other parts of Illinois and do things. But those of us in the West cannot do that. So that is where we are.  Chapter 6, ``The Big Mine,'' M-I-N-E.       If one travels to Searchlight today and drives or walks      around the area, he or she will see scores of mines, mine      dumps, tailing remnants, gallows frames, and even collapsed      mill sites. The names of the mines are entertaining and      curious: Empire, Good Hope, Good Enough, New Era, Blossom,      Key, Tiger, Barney Riley, Rajah, Yucca, Shoshone, Ironclad,      Parallel, Searchlight Mining and Milling (M), Western,      Berdie, Pan American, Elvira, Mesa, Pompeii, Southern Nevada,      Telluride, Empire, Red Bird, Blue Bird, Saturn, Santa Fe,      Philadelphia, Eddie, Ora Flame, Carrie Nation, Magnolia,      Hyacinth, Poppy, Parrot, Spokane, Cushman, Dubuque, Golden      Garter, Silk Stocking, Eclipse, June Bug, Little Bug,      Cushman, Duplex, Water Spout, Cyrus Noble, Golden Rod,     Water Wagon, Bellevue, Chief of the Hills, Crown King, Quaker      Girl, Iditarod, Greyhound, New York, Stratford, Quintette,      Columbia, Gold Legion, Calivada, Annette, Gold Coin, Gold      Dyke--these are but a sampling of the myriad claims that make      up the Searchlight mining district. A few of the mines were      sporadically good producers, especially the Duplex, Blossom,      Good Hope, and Good Enough.  