President, before saying a few words about this Medicare bill, I would like to say a few words about the senior Senator from West Virginia. This man is such an amazing person. At 86 years of age, what he brings to public service and what he brings to the Senate is incredible.  I was in the Chamber earlier this morning when Senator Byrd arrived. He said he would like to say a few words. I said, quite honestly, I am ready to follow you into battle any day. I deferred to him, which I was happy to do. He is a grand person and such an amazing Senator.  I have been fortunate to represent a congressional district in Illinois and the State of Illinois for over 20 years on Capitol Hill, and I have many favorite moments. But in the top tier of those favorite moments was the time in a conference committee downstairs from this Chamber involving Senator Byrd, and I would like to tell those who are following this debate about that experience because I still marvel at what he did that day.  He came to a conference committee on the Transportation appropriations bill facing a critic in the House who said that Senator Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia had put too much in this bill for the State of West Virginia. And your critic from the House was going to have his day with you at that conference committee.  As some people know who follow the Senate, the appropriations conference committees gather at a large, long table and the House Members sit across the table directly from the Senate Members. So your critic in the House came and took his seat with a sheaf of papers prepared to do battle with you over the Transportation appropriations bill. You arrived and just fortuitously happened to sit directly across from him at that table. He began his peroration about how terrible it was that West Virginia would have so much in this Senate bill and he was going to do something about it. He went on for all of 15 minutes. He got red in the face, his arms were waving, and finally he was spent. He had nothing more to say.  Then, as I recall, you turned to the chairman--which could have been Senator Hatfield of Oregon--and asked if you could be recognized.  The Senator began his remarks, and that is what I thought was the most remarkable moment, saying, in the history of the United States there is an exchange of speeches between two individuals which defined Federalism as we know it and the role of small States like West Virginia in the Senate and larger States. That exchange was between Daniel Webster and Robert Hayne.  Senator Byrd went on to say, Webster's reply to Mr. Hayne was delivered on January 20, 1830. And then Senator Byrd added, ``and if my memory serves me, it was a Thursday.'' He proceeded to give an important history lesson to all who had gathered, Members of the House and the Senate, about why West Virginia had a fighting chance in the Senate but might not have that same chance in the House, as each State hastwo Senators, of course, in this Chamber, and represented proportionately in the House.  I was absolutely spellbound by his performance that day in that small room. When it was all over, of course, West Virginia fared well in that appropriations bill, as it always has since Senator Byrd has been here to make sure his State was not shortchanged. I was in the House at the time, and a few years later I came to the Senate and said to Senator Byrd: Of all the things you said in the speeches, when you said, ``If my memory serves me, it was a Thursday,'' I still remember those words.  Senator Byrd said: Well, Mr. Durbin, if I am not mistaken, it was a Thursday.  I said: I am not questioning you; I am sure it was a Thursday.  Later in the day, he called me over to his desk and pulled out a perpetual calendar, and said, yes, January 20, 1830, was a Thursday.  It says a lot about this Senator, not only his reverence for history and this institution, but the fact that he brings to many of these political battles an insight that many Members admire so much and respect. Whether you are on his side or not, you best sit back and listen closely when Senator Byrd takes the floor because he brings to each one of these debates the very best in public debate and the very best in public service.  This Senator was happy to step back and listen very carefully as the Senator from West Virginia made another compelling argument on a very important and historic piece of legislation.  