President, I rise to speak in support of the Feinstein-Boxer amendment to S. 1753 on the sharing of information among affiliates. This amendment would give consumers the choice to opt out of having their personal ``transaction and experience'' information shared among affiliates. The privacy provision in the California law represented by this amendment was the result of long negotiations among consumer groups and banks, and in the end the banks in California called this provision ``reasonable and workable.'' Reasonable and workable. I am a cosponsor of this amendment because, in a reasonable and workable way, it simply gives consumers some control over their personal information.  Let me emphasize just a few key points about this amendment. The amendment is still about an opt out, not a blanket restriction. It just gives consumers the option of keeping their personal information personal. Now the underlying bill also has an opt out, but that opt out is minimal: it is just for marketing, just for new customers, and would expire 5 years after the consumer requested it. The Feinstein-Boxer opt out, by comparison, is for the exchange of transaction and experience information; it is for uses other than marketing; it is for current and new customers; and it has no expiration. It, therefore, provides more protection for consumers who are concerned about protecting their privacy.  Another thing to remember about this amendment: the amendment does not alter preemption. With this provision States would still be deprived, permanently, of the opportunity of enacting their own legislation relating to affiliate sharing. If we are going to have a national law, we need a reasonable national standard.  Mr. President, a lot has been said about this amendment and how it would create all kinds of problems, so let me be clear about what this amendment would not do.  The amendment would not prevent the extension of affordable credit. Affiliates could still request credit reports and scores, as always.  The amendment would not prevent affiliates working under the same name in the same line of business from working together: it contains an exception for sharing among such close affiliates. It would not impede the investigation for fraud or identity theft. It would not impede transactions or the servicing of a product requested by the consumer. It would not impede institutional risk control. It would not impede the resolution of customer disputes or debt collection. It would not impede efforts to locate missing and abducted children.  Mr. President, I say again: If we are going to have a national law, we need a reasonable national standard. This amendment is just such a standard. I urge my colleagues to support it.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (