President, I thank the Senator from Kentucky. As I have said before, we get dangerously close to Senate debate on this floor from time to time. This just happens to be one of those moments. I am happy to be here to witness it.  I ask the Senator from Kentucky, what is the Senator's intention in the portion of the bill relative to State flexibility? I want to make certain I understand. If my State has any law relative to medical malpractice, relative to discovery or expert witnesses or, in my case, we do not have a limitation on noneconomic losses, what part of State laws would this new S. 11 preempt, and which portion would it not preempt?  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I say to my friend from Illinois, reading from the bill, of which I hope he has a copy, section 11 says:     SEC. 11. STATE FLEXIBILITY AND PROTECTION OF STATES' RIGHTS.       (a) Health Care Lawsuits.--The provisions governing health      care lawsuits set forth in this Act preempt, subject to      subsections (b) and (c)--  Which I will go through in a minute--       State law to the extent that State law prevents the      application of any provisions of law established by or under      this Act. The provisions governing health care lawsuits set      forth in this Act supersede chapter 171 of title 28, United      States Code, to the extent that such chapter--       (1) provides for a greater amount of damages or contingent      fees, a longer period in which a health care lawsuit may be      commenced, or a reduced applicability or scope of periodic      payment future damages,       (2) prohibits the introduction of evidence regarding      collateral source benefits, or mandates or permits      subrogation or a lien on collateral source benefits.       Subsection (b) any issue that is not governed by any      provision of law established by or under this Act . . . shall      be governed by otherwise applicable State or Federal law.  Now, what the flexicaps are designed to do, as I understand it, is to allow a State to, in effect, opt out, consistent with the provisions that I read to my colleague from Illinois, within those parameters.  