President, I thank the Senator from Washington for yielding.  Consider this: You buy a home in a neighborhood and you start hearing about people around your neighborhood who are getting sick. It turns out it is not just a common, ordinary sickness. It is serious; it is cancer. Then you are puzzled and start wondering: Is there something in the water. Isn't that the first thing you ask? Then you find out there is something in the water. It turns out it is something called MTBE. You never heard of it before. They explain to you, it is in the gasoline in your car. Incidentally, at that service station on the corner--the one where they dug up the tank--that tank was leaking. The leaking gasoline from that tank contained MTBE, and it got down so low that it got into the water supply of the village in which you live. The water you have been drinking and giving to your kids contains MTBE.  Studies have shown that MTBE can be cancer causing. Think about that. Totally innocent and unsuspecting, you have now learned that a public health hazard that threatens your family, the value of your home, and your community is linked to something you had never seen before and never heard about.  So what do you do? You are concerned about the health of your family. But you turn around and say: Whoever is responsible for that additive that threatens my family and my home and my community needs to be held accountable.  That is what America is all about. Nobody gets off the hook. So people go to court. They say to the oil company: Did you know that MTBE in your gasoline could threaten public health? Well, it turns out they did. They knew for a long time.  They also knew that if that MTBE got in the environment, that didn't disappear, it stuck around forever. A tiny amount of it could be dangerous to thousands, if not millions, of people. They knew it. They continued to make it. They continued to sell it. They knew all along that people would get sick and some would die as a result of that product.  Should they be held accountable or should they be let off the hook?  Turn to our Energy bill and look at section 1502 which answered that question for America. The makers of MTBE are given safe harbor. It sounds great, doesn't it. Here is what it means. You cannot sue to hold that oil company or maker of MTBE accountable for that deadly additive that is poisoning people and causing cancer if it is a product liability lawsuit--can't do it. But we have decided that in order to strike a political bargain here, we are going to let the oil companies off the hook.  What does the family do? What are they supposed to do about water they can't drink, where people are sick in their neighborhood and where houses are losing value in a community that is scared to death? We tell them to read the Energy bill we are producing here. That is the best we can do for you. We can't answer your problems. We can tell you that we passed a good bill and the oil companies love it.  The Senator from New Mexico came to the floor earlier and very candidly--I salute him for this--said you had better understand the deal. If you want to help ethanol, you had better let the MTBE polluters off the hook. Otherwise, there is no deal.  We have spent 20 years producing ethanol. My State produces more than any State in the Union. I have proudly stood behind this product because I believe it is good, it is healthy for the environment, and it reduces our dependence on foreign oil. But I have said to my friends back home who support ethanol and I will say it on the floor: If the bargain I have to strike for ethanol is to turn my back on families who are dying from disease because of MTBE, the deal is off. The deal is off. That is unjust. It is immoral. It is wrong. If that is what it takes to promote ethanol in America, I will not be part of it; absolutely not. Count me out.  That is a basic injustice, to say those oil companies would not be held accountable for their wrongdoing in order to promote the ethanol industry. It is a deal with the Devil. It is a Faustian bargain, and I don't want to be a part of it, and no Member of the Senate should either.  If this is as good as it gets on the floor of the Senate, shame on all of us. This bill should be stopped in its tracks. We ought to send the people back to the committee and say start over and get the work done. America's energy future depends on thoughtful, visionary policies. It doesn't include this kind of a deal with oil companies to let them off the hook.  How in the world can you turn your back on these families who, through no fault of their own, are facing these terrible health problems? These families can't go to court now to hold the oil companies that knew better accountable. That is what this bill does.  The Senator from New Mexico has been very candid. I admire his candor. But his candor tells the story. We can do a lot better.  I thank the Senator from Washington for her leadership on electricity and protecting our public lands, and other areas.  I yield the floor.  