President, the American people are united in support of our service members, many of whom are serving today in Iraq, Afghanistan, and elsewhere abroad. We have the finest Armed Forces in the world, and we have asked them to bear a heavy burden. The Senate has justly expressed our support for the troops, but we have an obligation to do more than just pass resolutions. We have to back up our words with actions.  That is why I recently introduced an amendment, which the Senate unanimously approved, to raise combat pay and increase family support for our service members. That is why I joined several of my distinguished colleagues today in introducing a bill that would help immigrant soldiers and their families. The Naturalization and Family Protection for Military Members Act of 2003 would expedite naturalization for legal permanent residents in the military and preserve the rights of noncitizen family members of deceased service members.  There are over 37,000 legal permanent residents on active duty and over 20,000 on reserve duty. These brave men and women have willingly put themselves in harm's way to defend our country. They are living proof that immigration is good for our country.  On the battlefield, there is no distinction between American citizens and noncitizens--everyone is an American service member sworn to defend our Nation. We owe a debt of gratitude to all service members, whether citizen or noncitizen, who have put their lives on the line to keep us all safe and free.  But legal resident service members, who have voluntarily taken on a burden that many Americans will never know, face unnecessary hurdles on the path to citizenship. Even more tragically, if, God forbid, they are killed in combat, the law can prevent their immediate family members from naturalizing. This is a cruel and unjust manner in which to treat the families of legal immigrants who gave their lives for our country.  The sacrifices of these immigrant service members are a poignant reminder that too often our immigration law treats immigrants callously and unfairly, ignoring the tremendous contributions that they make to American society. While preserving the integrity of our naturalization process, we should do everything we can to correct legal technicalities that make it difficult for immigrant soldiers to become citizens and prevent their surviving family member from naturalizing.  It is important to note that this bill would not in any way compromise the naturalization process or national security. It would not automatically confer citizenship. Service members and their families would still be required to petition for naturalization, at which time they would be subjected to a full background check.  For legal permanent residents in military service, the bill would reduce the required period of military service to apply for naturalization during peacetime from 3 years to 2 years. The bill would also allow them to naturalize overseas, and waive the filing fee for their naturalization applications. For service members who are posted overseas for long periods and are struggling to make ends meet, these provisions are vitally important.  Currently, immediate family members of service members who are killed in the line of duty lose their right to file for citizenship. It is wrong and unjust to penalize people because their spouse, parent, or child made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. The bill would preserve the rights to petition for citizenship of noncitizen spouses, unmarried children, and parents of citizen soldiers who are killed as a result of such service.  Passing this bill is the least that we can do to honor and support the brave immigrant men and women who are serving our country during these dangerous times. I urge the Senate to approve it.  