It is rare in our history that the Senate has considered the nomination of the President of the United States for a circuit judgeship and at least the prospect of a filibuster is looming. It is an interesting issue historically that the Senate would reach this point that the minority in the Senate--in this case, the Democratic side of the aisle with 49 Members--would suggest to the majority party that we will stop this nomination by filibuster. I have asked my staff to take a look historically to find out how often that has occurred. It is extremely rare. Maybe the Senator from Utah can illuminate my knowledge. But I am told only in the case of Abe Fortas, who was being suggested as Chief Justice, was a filibuster suggested. The obvious question by those observing the debate is, Why? Why at this moment in time, with this nominee, is the Senate, maybe for the first or second time in its history, considering a filibuster?  Many of us who serve on the Judiciary Committee believe this nomination and this debate is so historically significant that we must consider an extraordinary response by the minority of the Senate. It certainly goes beyond the question of Miguel Estrada, although I will address what he has said and what he has testified during the course of our committee hearing. But it has been my good fortune to serve now for my fifth year on the Senate Judiciary Committee, both under President Clinton, a Democrat, and President Bush, a Republican; both under Chairman Hatch as Republican chairman of the committee and Patrick Leahy of Vermont as the Democratic chairman. I have watched the ebb and flow of this process.  I think we have to stop and reflect for a moment about why we are at this moment considering this nomination and taking it so seriously. It goes to our oath of office. When each of us is sworn into the Senate, we walk down this aisle and stand before the Vice President of the United States and swear to uphold the Constitution. And within that Constitution is an explicit delegation of authority to the Senate not to give blanket approval to any President's judicial nominees but to advise and consent. It is natural that the President's party in Congress will always say forget the advice part, just consent, and let us get on with business. But, like it or not, we understand the responsibility of the Senate is to ask the hard questions, to say if any nominee before you will receive a lifetime appointment to the Federal judiciary, particularly beyond the district level, the lower court level, to the circuit level where, in fact, many policy decisions affecting America are made, we want to know who you are. We want to know what you think. We want to make certain we are putting a person in this position of responsibility who can meet the challenge.  The obvious questions are there. We certainly ask whether a person has a background and a knowledge of the law, whether they have a reputation for honesty, and whether they have appropriate temperament. But other questions arise as well, questions as to whether this person seeking a policy- making position on the court who will stand in judgment of laws passed by the Congress is a person of moderation and is reasonable in their outlook. We cannot reach a conclusion on this simply based on press reports. We have to ask the questions and seek the answers. That has been done time and time again with nominees from Democratic Presidents as well as Republican Presidents.  What is troubling to most of us who come to this floor and suggest there is a problem with Miguel Estrada's nomination to the District of Columbia Circuit Court is he was so purposefully vague and so secretive in terms of his own point of view and his own philosophy. This is a man who has academic and legal credentials. He is not a newcomer freshman from a bar exam coming before us. He is a man who, across the street from this building, sat as a clerk in the Supreme Court. He has advised the Justices of the Supreme Court on some of the most important legal issues of our time.  Yet, when we asked him basic and fundamental questions, I was stunned by his efforts to really stonewall, to basically refuse to tell the Senate Judiciary Committee where he stands. In light of that, what is my responsibility as a Senator? When this nominee refuses to disclose the most basic information about who he is and what he believes and what is in his heart, am I at that point to step back and say let us give him the benefit of the doubt; if he doesn't want to answer the questions, so be it? I am not going to do that, and I will tell you why.  As a Member of the House of Representatives, I watched the Clarence Thomas hearings for the Supreme Court. I was stunned when then-nominee Clarence Thomas was asked his views on the issue of abortion, a major social policy and a major legal issue. He wasn't asked on a specific law whether he would rule one way or the other but just on the issue of abortion. Clarence Thomas said he had not really thought about that issue very much.  That is an incredible statement for a man seeking a position on the Supreme Court in two respects. Clarence Thomas was a Catholic seminarian who went to a Conception monastery in Missouri known as Conception Abbey. To think you could go through that training and never have a view on the issue of abortion is absolutely incredible. To think you can be a law student, as Clarence Thomas was when Roe v. Wade was decided, and never have discussed the issue just defies any credibility.  It, frankly, established a line of attack by those who want to go to the highest courts of the land and avoid the tough and hard questions.  The Clarence Thomas tactic and strategy is being followed today by Miguel Estrada. Charles Schumer, Senator from New York, asked him a basic open-ended question which you can ask any law student in their first or second year. When you look at the history of the Supreme Court of the United States and 200 years of decisions made by the men and women on the Supreme Court, is there one decision you would disagree with? Is there one you could point to and say the Court made the wrong decision? I hope most Americans would say some are fairly obvious; the Dred Scott decision, which basically recognized slavery in this country; Plessey v. Ferguson, which said separate but equal is a fair civil rights standard--the list goes on and on.  Yet, Miguel Estrada, with all of these academic decisions and all of his experience before the Supreme Court, refused to name one decision by the Supreme Court he would disagree with. What does that tell you? That this man is such a blank slate it has never crossed his mind that a decision by the Supreme Court over time has been found to be wrong for this United States, or a decision by the Supreme Court has been found to be violative of constitutional values and principles?  What is going through his mind? The Clarence Thomas tactic--don't answer anything, don't say a word.  I asked Mr. Estrada a question. I sent it in writing to give him a chance to think about it. I asked, In terms of judicial philosophy, please name several judges, living or dead, whom you admire and would like to emulate on the bench.  Listen. If that were a question in a constitutional law course, you would breath a sigh of relief saying, Thank goodness, this is easy. I ought to be able to find one Justice, either liberal or conservative, that I agree with, and maybe one on each side.  He said there is no judge, living or dead, whom I would seek to emulate on the bench in terms of judicial philosophy, or otherwise.  It is breathtaking. This man wants to be taken into the Federal judiciary in the second highest court of the land for a lifetime appointment and is so cautious and so careful he can't name one Supreme Court decision he disagrees with in the history of the United States, and can't name one judge, living or dead, whom he would seek to emulate on the bench.  What does that tell you? It tells you the Estrada nomination is making a mockery of our constitutional responsibility in the Senate.  He has refused to disclose the legal memoranda he has written as a person working at the Department of Justice and for the court. He has refused to answer the most basic questions. And he comes to us and says: Take it or leave it.  We hear that our opposition to him clearly must be because he is a Hispanic, maybe conservative in his views. Excuse me. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I have repeatedly voted in favor of conservative nominees from the Bush White House. I understand this is the President's prerogative, but I have tried to find in each of them a reasonable approach to the law and a reasonable understanding of the philosophy of law which will give them a chance to be at least moderate in their approach on the bench. That is something all of us should seek to do.  I will have an opportunity later this morning to come to the floor.  