President, I have listened to the remarks of my colleague from the State of Alabama very closely and carefully, and I have a very simple suggestion of three words for the organizing resolution, and the three words are: Do unto others.  What the Democrats are proposing as an organizing resolution, in a 51-49 Senate, is exactly what the Democrats proposed to the Republicans when we had 51 votes and the Republicans had 49. We said, this is such a close division of control in the Senate we are going to offer resources which historically had never been offered to a minority but we felt that it was only fair, and here is what we said: We will give 55 percent of the resources to run theSenate to the majority party, in that case Democrats who had 51 votes, and 45 percent of the resources to the Republicans. And the Republicans said: thank you. That is fair. That is just. We accept it.  Along comes an election and two Senate seats change, and guess what. Now the Republicans are in control with 51 votes, and this fair and just approach of running the Senate is now being rejected.  I am hearing from the Senator from Alabama that we do not understand the mandate of the American people says we are not going back to this fair allocation of resources--no, no, no. Two-thirds of the resources go to the Republicans and a third to the Democrats. Democrats get fewer offices, fewer staff, fewer people working for them, and the fact the Democrats gave the Republicans 45 percent of the resources when they had 49 votes, forget it, those days are over.  We are trying to, as the Senator from Alabama said, run over Senator Frist. No, we are offering to Senator Frist, the new majority leader, exactly as a proposal what we offered to the Republicans when they were in the same situation.  Our organizing resolution is simple: Do unto others. We are asking the Republicans to be as fair to us as we were to them, and they have rejected it.  My colleague has come to the floor today and said we are being unreasonable. I do not think so. When it came to allocating the resources of a closely divided Senate, we gave to the Republican minority of 49 Senators an extraordinary allocation of resources, a fair allocation of resources, and they do not want to see that happen again.  In talking about this last election, it was truly an historic election. The fact that the President's party would increase the number of seats in the House and the Senate is history making, and the Republicans deserve credit for that. Their party was successful in its campaign strategy, but to suggest that two Senate seats represent a revolution in thinking to the point where we can cast aside all of the fair allocations which we decided would be part of the future of the Senate is unreasonable to me. Why can't we play by the same rules?  