 While I still have a minute or two, I will just say this. Time and again, our friends on the Republican side of the aisle say we should contract out Government services, privatize them, to save the taxpayers money. They say, if you will just get it away from the Government bureaucracy and put it into the private sector, we will show you how to really provide a service at a low cost. Sadly, many times that doesn't happen. The costs go up, the quality is not good, and we are stuck with private-side contractors when we contract out.  Now we have an interesting turn of events. We hear from the Republicans and conservative side that we don't want a Government agency to be able to compete with the private sector. We don't think that is going to be fair. There is no real choice there.  There is a choice. I think the choice is obvious. If Medicare--speaking for the vast majority of senior citizens--can bargain for lower prescription drug prices, the winners will be not only the seniors who will pay less but the taxpayers who will pay less. The $400 billion in this bill will go a lot further if we can have lower cost prescription drugs.  I say to my friends on the Republican side of the aisle, don't be afraid of competition, and don't be afraid if one of the competitors is Medicare. The seniors who you represent have already voted on this issue by a 9-to-1 margin. They prefer traditional Medicare. We should not be afraid of it.  The Stabenow amendment is a step in the right direction. It says if we are going to have a prescription drug plan that Americans can afford and that the taxpayers can afford to pay for, yes, we need to have cost containment. This bill has little or none. The Stabenow amendment brings in real competition and, unless that competition is there, let me tell you what we have done; we have said we will subsidize prescription drug costs no matter how high they go. Mark my words, as history has proven, they will continue to increase to a point where it bankrupts the current bill before us.  The Stabenow amendment is, I think, not only a stand for common sense but a guarantee that competition will really be there to protect seniors.  I yield the floor.  