President, let me first commend my colleague, Senator McConnell of Kentucky, for his presentation and his leadership on this issue. Though we disagree on some very fundamental parts of this issue, I have the highest regard and respect for his ability and I look forward to working with him.  What occurred about 45 minutes ago was that Senator Frist, the majority leader, came to the Chamber and filed a motion to proceed, and I objected. What Senator Frist was asking was that the Senate stop its business and move directly to S. 11 relative to the issue of medical malpractice. Because I have filed an objection, Senator Frist indicated he would file a cloture motion. After collecting the necessary signatures from our colleagues, this will lead to a vote on cloture come Wednesday.  If Senator Frist can gather some 60 votes, he will be in a position to then move to this bill and begin the debate and the amendment process. That is the ordinary course of the procedure.  An obvious question is why I objected. An issue clearly as important as medical malpractice should be considered by the Senate. There is no doubt in my mind. But I would object to the fact that this bill comes to the floor without any hearing before a Senate committee. Consider that. The most revolutionary and dramatic reform of tort law in America, in modern memory, will come to the floor without the normal hearings, witnesses, opportunities to amend, opportunity to work out compromises and negotiate, all part of the legislative process. So why then does a bill of this gravity and importance only come to us in this circumstance where there is no chance for us to work out ways to resolve our differences? Why, I cannot explain that to my colleagues. For a person like myself who served for some time in the House and the Senate, it seems to me that the Republican leadership in control of the committee structure would not object to taking this bill to one of their committees, having hearings, bringing in the doctors, the lawyers, the victims, the insurance companies, the pharmaceutical companies, and the companies that make medical devices. Let's hear about this problem in its entirety. But, no, they object to that. They do not want hearings. They do not want the people of this country to hear both sides of the story. They would rather come to the floor and present their side with a take-it-or-leave-it approach. I do not think that is fair. I think we can and we should do better.  Let me say at the outset that though I have objected and though most major medical associations, like the American Medical Association, support this bill, I want to make clear my high regard for the medical profession. Time and time again, in my life and the life of my family, I have turned to some of the best and most talented medical professionals in America. I have entrusted them with the most important things I have on Earth--my wife, my children, and the people whom I love.  Time and again I have found them to be selfless, extraordinarily talented, compassionate men and women who give the medical profession a good name every single day. Thank God they are there, and I want them to continue to be there. So I do not come to this Chamber as a doctor basher, as someone who thinks doctors are overpaid or frankly should be held to task for this, that, and the other. Not at all. Like most Americans, if I, my wife, or children are ever sick, I want to look up into the eyes of the best and brightest doctor in America helping a member of my family through a medical crisis. My family and I have been lucky in our lives. Many times I think we have had the best and the brightest, and I still continue to thank them as I take a position with which many of them will not agree.  I believe there is a fundamental unfairness in the current situation with medical malpractice. I have seen that unfairness in my State. Senator McConnell has noted it in many other States. The largest medical malpractice insurance company in Illinois, the Illinois State Mutual Insurance Company, raised its rates last week 35 percent on doctors for medical malpractice insurance. Many lines of insurance are going up in cost, health insurance and other insurance, but this is an extraordinary increase.  Two neurosurgeons in Joliet, IL, have given up the practice of brain surgery because of malpractice premium increases. They have left the city's only two hospitals without a full-time coverage for head trauma cases. Senator McConnell is right; Victims of automobile accidents and trauma need immediate help and immediate care.  Memorial Hospital in Belleville, IL, near the area where I grew up, has lost three OB/GYN physicians in the past 6 months due to increases in rising malpractice premiums. I met one of them. I met one during the course of the campaign last year. She came to me and said: Senator, I just cannot continue to pay these premiums and deliver babies. And I believe her.  Eduardo Barriuso of Humboldt Park, an obstetrician in my State of Illinois, pays $104,000 a year for malpractice insurance. He says he earns $175,000 a year treating mostly poor people, Medicaid patients. He pays $104,000 in malpractice, and has $175,000 in income. Like other doctors who treat patients who depend on Medicare or Medicaid or insurance through an HMO, Dr. Barriuso cannot pass on his higher insurance rates to his patients.  The Family Health Partnership Clinic in McHenry, IL, was almost forced to close after its insurer left my home State. They found new insurance at four times the cost. The clinic serves the uninsured and operates off the volunteer services of physicians. It now pays $28,000 a year for malpractice insurance, up from $7,000 last year, for a clinic serving poor people.  A Chicago area OB/GYN is studying to obtain his pharmacist license. He has decided he cannot continue as a doctor. He thinks he can make a better life as a pharmacist. He is now paying $115,000 for his liability insurance. I would readily concede the point made over and over by Senator McConnell that these malpractice premiums are not fair. They are unfair particularly to certain specialties--neurosurgery, trauma care physicians, OB/GYN, and several others who have been hit hard by these increases. That is just not fair.  I suggest there is another unfairness involved in this discussion, an unfairness which my colleague from Kentucky never conceded. Frankly, there is an unfairness in this bill when it comes to the victims of medical malpractice. Of all the comments made by my colleague from Kentucky, little was said about whether it is fair to cap the recovery for a victim of medical malpractice at medical bills, lost wages, and pain and suffering of no more than $250,000.  Now, I do not come as an expert on anything. Some 20 years ago, in my legal practice in Springfield, IL, I handled medical malpractice cases. For a number of years I defended doctors through their insurance company. I had about 7 years with that experience. Another 2\1/2\ years I was a plaintiffs' attorney suing some doctors and hospitals for malpractice. So I have seen it from both sides of the table in a courtroom. I do understand the dynamics of a medical malpractice case, at least as they applied 20 years ago. I do not know how many others in this Chamber have had that experience. Some have but very few.  So we come to this discussion, frankly, listening to others who are expertsin the subject asking them for advice. What is the right thing to do to deal with this medical malpractice insurance crisis? I think, frankly, that this bill, which limits the compensation to be paid to an individual under a medical malpractice case to $250,000, is fundamentally unfair. It is as unfair to victims as the malpractice insurance rates are to doctors.  Is that the best the Senate can do, that we take the unfairness to doctors and then visit it on unsuspecting people who go to a doctor or to a hospital expecting professional care and come home with their lives changed or ruined?  I recall one case in Chicago. Let me give an illustration of what S. 11 would mean in this case. This woman, about 50 years old, had two moles on the side of her face. She said to her doctor: I think I would like to have those removed, doctor. He said: I will send you to one of the very best hospitals for this surgical procedure, and he did.  She went in for this surgical procedure to have two moles removed. She was given an anesthesia. They administered oxygen to her and they began to cauterize these moles. But there was a problem. Medical personnel were not supposed to use a cauterizing gun near oxygen.  As a consequence, there was an explosion and a fire on her face, burning off her nose, completely disfiguring and scarring her face. She is in her early fifties now and has gone through extensive reconstructive surgery. She is lucky to be able to breathe through what was once her nose. Her life will never, ever be the same.  She told the story herself in an article published in the newspaper in Chicago. Routine surgery went disastrously bad and her life was changed forever.  According to those who have brought the bill to the Senate, they have decided how much it is worth to live 20 or 30 years with permanent disfigurement and scarring, what it is worth to go into the hospital for routine surgery and have something happen that completely changes your life. Do you know what it is worth under this bill? It is worth $250,000 for her pain and suffering. Not a penny more, not one penny more.  The decision will be made in the Senate that in her case, and thousands of others across America, we will decide the maximum amount to which she is entitled. I don't think that is fair. I don't think it is fair to victims.  Malpractice premiums are too high and that is unfair to doctors. But a $250,000 pain and suffering cap? That is unfair in many cases of which I am aware.  Let me talk about another case from my home State of Illinois, in the city of Urbana. David was born prematurely with a lot of problems. By the time he was 6 years old many of the problems were behind him, though he still had some problems with his lungs and asthma. When he was 6 he had a respiratory infection and started running a fever. The doctor who usually cared for him was out of town so his parents took him to a clinic for nighttime care. At the clinic, he was given an antibiotic and sent home. He got worse. His parents took him to an emergency room that same night where he remained overnight with a fever. The next day, concerned about David's continuing fever, David and his parents returned. The doctor admitted him to the hospital at 5 p.m. At the hospital, they took his temperature and admitted him to a regular hospital room. They did not refer him to the ICU, nor did they place a temperature monitor on him.  His mother was dozing in the chair in his room when a nurse observed he appeared to be lapsing into a seizure condition. The nurse did an emergency code. By the time the emergency team arrived, he was in full seizure. His temperature spiked to 107.7 degrees. He remained in a state of seizure for quite some time and eventually went into cardiac arrest.  As a result of this ordeal, this 6-year-old boy was rendered a quadriplegic and lost all expressive ability. Professionals believe he has what is called receptive language. He can understand spoken language at an age-appropriate level but he is unable to communicate. He breathes through a tracheotomy stoma and is fed through a gastrointestinal tube.  That was 11 years ago. He is now 17. David can never be left alone, not for 1 minute of 1 day. His mother says she can tell he is interested in girls by the way he perks up when a girl his age enters the room. But he cannot express himself. He cannot say a word. There is no chance of recovery and, of course, in his condition he is at a heightened risk prone to infection.  The very issue that brought David to the hospital in the first place was his elevated temperature. Despite that fact, no temperature monitor was ever placed on him. In light of his history and his delicate medical condition he should have been admitted to the ICU rather than simply sent to the regular hospital room and given periodic attention. His family reached a settlement with the doctors and the hospital for the negligence in the treatment of David.  It is not likely with all of the liability protections and extreme cap on damages under this bill that defendants would have felt compelled to reach a settlement with that family if the bill before the Senate would have been the law of the land.  The tragic malpractice of which David was a victim literally took away from him all that every one of us take for granted. He will never walk again. He will never have a normal relationship with other people. Though he remains alert and is apparently not intellectually impaired, he cannot express himself and he never will be able to. He requires constant care. His mother gave up her job at a local college to care for him full time.  For all of these losses with their child, for being denied a normal life, those who bring S. 11 today say they know what it is worth. They know what the pain and suffering of David is worth for the rest of his life. It is worth $250,000. Not a penny more. Is that fair? Is that fair to David, his mother, his father? I don't think it is.  What we have here is a response to a medical insurance crisis which I don't believe gets to the root cause of a problem.  What I am about to say now is not a statement made by trial lawyers or those friendly to them. I quote from Dr. Carolyn Clancy, director for the Agency for Health Care Research and Quality at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. What I am stating she said, under oath, before a committee I attended several weeks ago. This is what she said:       As we all know, medical errors and patient safety issues      represent a national problem of epidemic proportion.  This is a spokesman for the Department of Health and Human Services, a medical doctor herself.  When listening to the explanation of this bill, at any point in time did you hear any reference to the fact that we are facing an epidemic of medical errors on patient safety issues in America? No. What we heard was we have lawyers who want to make too much money in court and they are taking these cases to the courtroom.  Do you know, according to Harvard, what percentage of medical malpractice actually ends up in a lawsuit being filed? Two percent. One case out of 50 ends up with a lawsuit being filed. Think of that. In the universe of medical errors and patient safety, think of it in terms of this statement by Dr. Clancy that we have a national problem of epidemic proportions.  The response of S. 11 to this epidemic of malpractice and medical negligence is to do what? It is to say that David, who is now 17, who is now a quadriplegic, unable to respond or express himself, is going to pay the price. David and children like him in the future will never, ever be able to recover more than $250,000 regardless of medical malpractice that brings them to the court.  I understand my colleague from Oregon is here and I yield to him for the purpose of a question.  