'  Because the world's 6 billion people are dependent on 1 percent of all the water on Earth, many fear a future where water scarcity will undermine political growth and lead to political and social unrest. Over the next 20 years the world's population is projected to increase to 7.2 billion, yet the average water supply is expected to drop by one-third in that same time period. World population is expected to balloon to 9 billion before leveling off.  Despite the looming future of water scarcity, consumption is increasing. The world's population has tripled in the past 100 years, but water use by humans has multiplied six times. Without a global commitment to sustainable water management, the world will see a large majority of its population living in areas where basic water requirements for drinking, cooking, or sanitation will be difficult or impossible to meet.  Acting on the global consensus that water scarcity must be a top development priority, the Population Institute has decided to dedicate the 19th WorldPopulation Awareness Week to the issue of water.  More than 80 nations, 165 organizations, 201 mayors, and 22 Governors have dedicated proclamations of World Population Awareness Week to highlighting the critical issue of water. Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich has made such a proclamation and I wish to call it to my colleagues' attention. I ask unanimous consent the proclamation be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Whereas, the world's population of 6.3 billion is projected      to rapidly continue to increase to increase to nearly 9      billion before finally slowing down, and       Whereas, the population of the United States currently      exceeds 291 million, and it is estimated to increase to      nearly 600 million by the year 2100; and       Whereas, the Population Institute, founded in 1969, is an      independent, educational non-profit organization, dedicated      to achieving a more equitable balance between the world's      population, environment and resources; and       Whereas, since 1985, the Population Institute has organized      World Population Awareness Week to create public awareness of      the startling trends in population growth, the detrimental      effects that rapid population growth has on our planet, and      the urgent need for action; and       Whereas, the theme of World Population Awareness Week 2003      is ``Water: Our Most Precious Resource,'' and       Whereas, water is fundamental to sustaining life; and       Whereas, 20 percent of the world's population currently      faces a water shortage, a figure expected to rise to 30      percent by the year 2025:       Therefore, I, Rod R. Blagojevich, Governor of the State of      Illinois, do hereby proclaim October 20-25, 2003 as WORLD      POPULATION AWARENESS WEEK, and urge all citizens to conserve      water whenever and whenever they can, and further reflect on      ways to ensure adequate safe water supplies for future      generations.  