President.  Let's not forget what this is all about. Mr. President, 168 of President Bush's nominees have been approved by the Senate; 4 have not--168 to 4. That is the score. This President has 98 percent of his nominees approved. We have now consumed 36 hours of the time of the Senate railing about the four who were held back.  Those on the other side of the aisle believe the advise and consent clause of the Constitution is meaningless. They believe their President, their Republican President, should have every nominee, every judge. They really argue with the premise that these judges should be asked hard questions. They do not believe that a judge seeking a lifetime appointment to the bench should be asked, What do you believe? What values will motivate you if you were in a position of power, a position to decide cases and basically the position to decide the outcome of people's lives?  They do not believe in that. Frankly, they are arguing that this Constitution, that they have sworn to uphold, which provides for the advice and consent of the Senate before a Presidential nominee is appointed to the bench, should be tossed out.  Those of us on the Democratic side disagree. I think, frankly, in their heart of hearts a lot of the more moderate Republicans disagree. They understand that no President gets everything he wants 100 percent. No President should, Democrat or Republican. But they are loyalist, and their partisan loyalty is showing. It has shown for 36 hours.  Let me show you the judicial confirmation scorecard so you will understand what has happened to nominees sent by Presidents to the Senate.  President Clinton's nominees: 248 confirmed, 63 blocked. So 20 percent of the nominees, one out of five sent to the Senate by President Clinton, were blocked by the Republicans, Senator Orrin Hatch, and the Senate Judiciary Committee.  President Bush's nominees: 2 percent have been blocked.  I listened to the Senator from Pennsylvania tell us, warning us that, frankly, stopping four judges will be remembered, and they will revisit this if the Democrats ever take control of the White House again.  Well, let me remind my colleague from Pennsylvania, those 63 Clinton nominees who were blocked, most of them were never even given the courtesy of a hearing. I know this personally. Three judges from Illinois, three good people seeking Federal appointments, were stopped because one Republican Senator--in the case of one of my nominees, former Republican Senator John Ashcroft of Missouri--personally stopped this nominee. This nominee, a good person, who would have been an excellent judge, was stopped because Senator Ashcroft objected to him. In objecting to him, he never got a hearing.  So for the Senator from Pennsylvania to come and warn us that if there is ever a Democratic President, you can count on nominees being stopped, we learned that lesson. We learned it when President Clinton offered nominees who were quality people, moderate people, and stopped because of some perceived slight, stopped because of some perceived position on issues that the right wing did not agree with.  Let me show you some of the photographs of some of these nominees. You can see that even this small gathering of nominees here represent a rich diversity of people across America. The Republicans would have us believe these people sent to the Senate Judiciary Committee by President Clinton were somehow radical people, people who did not share the views and opinions of America.  You can count on this: Within those people are excellent judges, people with the highest ratings from the American Bar Association, people who were rejected. It gets back to this, as shown on the next chart: The final score here is 168 to 4. So 168 of President Bush's nominees have been approved; only 4 have been held back. Ninety-eight percent have been approved.  I listened to the speech just given by the Senator from Kansas. I hope that those who are following this debate, even though I cannot imagine at 3 o'clock in the morning on the west coast a lot of people are tuned in, but if those who are following this debate heard what the Senator from Kansas said, I think it was chilling and troubling, if not alarming. It is a clear indication of what is at stake here in this debate. The Senator from Pennsylvania joined in the chorus because the Senator from Kansas said they were opposed to judges who were ``discovering the right of privacy in the Constitution.'' Those were his words, ``discovering the right of privacy in the Constitution.''  Well, the Senator from Kansas is correct. The word ``privacy'' does not appear in the Constitution of the United States. But those who have interpreted this document have come to the conclusion that Americans have a basic right of privacy. I suppose from what the Senator from Kansas said, that is judicial activism in his eyes.  But let's remember how that right of privacy first came to the Supreme Court and the decision made, the landmark decision of Griswold v. Connecticut, a Connecticut statute which said they would prohibit the right of married couples to buy birth control devices, contraception, an archaic statute from the 19th century that said that married couples could not buy birth control devices. We are talking about the ones most commonly known.  The Supreme Court said that is wrong. We believe that the people of Connecticut, the people of America, have the basic right of privacy and that married couples should be allowed to make that decision, and no State government should prohibit them from making that decision.  So in this case, the Supreme Court ``discovered'' the right of privacy in the Constitution. The Senator from Kansas believes, I suppose, that this is judicial activism, that the court went too far. How many people in America believe that? How many people in America believe that States or the Federal Government should prohibit the right of couples or even individuals to buy birth control devices, to buy birth control pills? Is that this discovered right of privacy at work? The same right of privacy, I might add,that was at the core of the Roe v. Wade decision.  So there we have it. They are looking for judges who even question the right of privacy in the Constitution. You wonder why we would even stop four judges because given free rein, I am afraid that my Republican friends would turn the clock back, turn the calendar back to the 19th century, questioning the right of privacy of Americans.  I thought conservatives, by their nature, were opposed to the overreach of government. But what we hear this morning from the most conservative members of the Republican caucus is that we have to question the right of privacy. That is hard to believe.  They also went on to say, the Senator from Kansas agreed with the Senator from Pennsylvania that we need a check and balance on the courts. Think about that for a moment. Oh, it is a nice-sounding phrase. But think about the check and balance on the courts, and then think about the principle of an independent judiciary. Those two are inconsistent.  The check and balance on courts comes in the process when the President nominates a judge, and when we review that judge's credentials and decide whether that judge receives a lifetime appointment. Then there is the correct belief that short of impeachment, judges in America are independent to make decisions. It is one of the bedrocks of our democracy. That has been challenged on the floor of the Senate today by the most conservative members of the Republican caucus.  You wonder why we are here for 36 hours? You wonder why we are taking all this time. It is because of the views just expressed this morning by two members of the Republican caucus which indicate the extreme position they are prepared to take, indicate why 168 of President Bush's nominees being approved and 4 being stopped is unacceptable, and indicate that they want to change the profile and complexion of the judiciary across America in profound ways.  The Senator from Pennsylvania has political amnesia. He comes to the floor this morning and forgets that 63 of President Clinton's nominees never even received a hearing, not even the dignity of a hearing. And he warns us in a booming voice: We will remember this if there is ever a Democratic President.  I say to the Senator from Pennsylvania, he is suffering from political amnesia. He has failed to acknowledge that 63 of President Clinton's nominees were never even given the dignity of a hearing. That was a sad outcome for those nominees and their families. To think we are not going to stop this process at this point in time, that we are going to continue on for another 3 hours is, frankly, I think, unfortunate.  Yesterday, I went with a group of Senators out to Walter Reed Hospital to visit with some of our injured soldiers. Senator Tim Johnson from South Dakota was in that group, as well as Senator Byron Dorgan of North Dakota. There were about a dozen of us who went out and visited with these soldiers. It is something I am not going to forget. These are some of the best we have who have given the most. They have been subject to injuries which are truly sad and tragic in a way, but their courage and their determination are going to stick with me.  Why aren't we talking about Iraq? Why aren't we talking about the veterans? Why aren't we talking about the need for this country's national security or its economy? Really, because there is another agenda in play here. We are involved in a made-for-TV filibuster. That is what this is all about. This isn't for real. Those cots were props on a stage. I walked around the Senate. Most of those cots are still cold as ice. They have never been warmed by a Senator's body. They were brought in here so Fox TV News and all the right wing talk shows could say: My goodness, we are staying up all night. There is a handful of Senators who have given a lot of hours here, no don't about it. This is a made-for-TV filibuster. Sadly, we are ignoring the agenda of this country.  My colleague from North Dakota is here, and I yield the floor to him.  