President, I thank the chairman. I am happy to come to the floor and speak on the bill which we considered yesterday in the Appropriations Committee, and that is the administration's request for $87 billion for Iraq and Afghanistan.  First, there are items in this bill which I think are very valuable. We were all shocked to learn the Department of Defense had a policy which required those soldiers who were gravely injured and returned to the United States for medical treatment would be charged on a per diem, daily basis for the food they ate at the hospital.  It is my understanding this bill, among other things, eliminates that requirement. Thank goodness. I cannot believe it existed, and it is certainly unconscionable that men and women who have been gravely injured and are going through medical treatment and rehabilitation would be charged extra for the food they are served. I am glad that requirement is removed.  I also salute my chairman, Senator Stevens from Alaska, for stopping the administration from changing compensation for the military which would have created a very great inequity and a disservice for so many active soldiers and activated guardsmen and reservists who are assigned to locations other than Iraq and Afghanistan.  The administration proposal originally would have resulted in the family separation allowance--the money which we would give them so families can get through this tough time--being eliminated for those serving outside of the Iraq and Afghan theaters. This bill changes that provision. So two Department of Defense policies which did not help our soldiers and, in fact, I think were unfair to them, have been corrected by this bill. I salute the chairman and members of the committee for joining in making certain that happened.  Let me also add, this bill includes about $67 billion for the maintenance of our military in Iraq and Afghanistan. I totally support that effort. I came to the floor last October and voted against the use-of-force resolution, but I feel today, as I did shortly thereafter, that with the beginning of the hostilities, that vote, frankly, should be set aside and we should focus on making certain the men and women serving this country have everything they need to not only accomplish their missions but come home safely. The request from the administration for some $67 billion for that purpose is money that I think should be made available through this Congress, and I totally endorse it.  Of course, there is another portion of this bill, and that other portion relates to the so-called reconstruction of Iraq. That, of course, raises other questions, questions which I don't believe have been adequately addressed by this Congress.  It strikes me as unusual that we are pushing through this $87 billion supplemental appropriations bill on such an expedited schedule that we have not taken the time to ask the hard questions. Keep in mind the $87 billion included in this bill is a sum total of taxpayer spending over and above the total we spend each year on Federal aid to education and foreign aid. So we are putting in this one bill $87 billion and bringing it for consideration by the Senate in a matter of days, when these other items--foreign aid and education--take weeks and months of review and preparation before they come to the floor.  Of course, Senator Byrd has led our side in asking the question: Why do we have to do this with such an abbreviated schedule where we don't take the time to ask the hard questions? When Ambassador Bremer, who serves our country in Iraq at this time, came to speak before the Senators' luncheon 2 weeks ago, I asked him a series of questions about the reconstruction effort.  The first question I asked him was this: If we didn't appropriate a penny, if we didn't give you anything, when would you run out of money for the reconstruction effort?  He said: December 1, maybe January 1, but somewhere in that range.  Clearly, a matter of a week or more to ask hard questions about the reconstruction of Iraq would not create any disadvantage to the efforts of Ambassador Bremer and the efforts on the ground in Iraq. But the administration, the White House, is hellbent on moving this appropriations bill through as quickly as possible.  I went on to ask Ambassador Bremer: If we are putting $20 billion into the reconstruction of Iraq, what is the total cost? What would be the total commitment necessary for us to reconstruct Iraq as you see it? I asked him this question 2 weeks ago.  He said: $60 billion is the total cost. That is the estimate given to us by the World Bank, $60 billion.  I said: The difference, obviously, of $40 billion is unresolved at this moment. Where will it come from?  Ambassador Bremer told us it would come from donor countries that would give money to this effort to rebuild Iraq.  I have to tell you in all candor, as I said to him, all of the coalition of the willing, all of the countries in the world have pledged less than $2 billion. Where are you going to find the remainder?  He said we have to work on that.  Again, we find the Bush administration without a real plan and a real budget for the reconstruction of Iraq. I said to Ambassador Bremer at this point: Can you give me your word and the word of this administration that you will not come back to us and ask for more money than the $20 billion being requested for reconstruction in this appropriations?  He said: That's it, $20 billion; that's it. That is all the United States needs to come up with.  It doesn't add up. You can't put together $20 billion in this bill, $2 billion for the rest of the world and total $60 billion. This could be a bait-and-switch situation, and I think Senator Byrd has raised that point. Once we have invested the first $20 billion, are we likely to leave? The next argument would be: Come on, you don't want to stop. You can't change horses in midstream. Let's finish it out. Let's finish the job, which means more demands on the American people.  I hope you understand the skepticism that many of us bring to this debate is based primarily on actual statements made by the Bush administration about the reconstruction of Iraq.  Do my colleagues recall last year, when economic adviser at the White House Lawrence Lindsey, on September 15, said he estimated that the cost of the war, military and reconstruction, would be between $100 billion and $200 billion? Remember when he said that? As a result of that statement, he was admonished by Mitch Daniels, then Budget Director, who said:       $100 billion to $200 billion is likely very, very high, if      it's meant to apply to the cost to taxpayers.  So Mitch Daniels was sent out to admonish Larry Lindsey to not use figures like $100 billion to $200 billion.  I would ask Senator Byrd: If I am not mistaken, did we not first appropriate $79 billion in a supplemental appropriation for Iraq and now we are coming back with the second supplemental request of $87 billion and more to follow? Are we not talking already over $160 billion that is being spent through these supplemental appropriations?  