President, I personally thank my colleagues. It is late. People would like to go home. I understand the weariness we all feel because it has been a long and hard week. But I hope you all understand this is not just another issue. For many of us--I think for all of us, frankly--this is an issue which is the challenge of our generation. It is the challenge of our time.  I was one of those Democrats who stood and applauded the President of the United States at his State of the Union Address. I thought he made a spectacular, historic commitment that the United States would lead the world in the fight against the global AIDS epidemic. He included tuberculosis and malaria.  Having visited some of the Third World countries that are victimized by these diseases, I stood and applauded in heartfelt support of the President, proud to be an American and proud of what he said: $15 billion over 5 years. We came back in the Senate and we decided to authorize--a Republican majority and the Democratic minority--$3 billion this year.  So this figure of $3 billion is not my creation. It is the Senate's creation. And it is a number which we ratified in July when 78 Republican and Democrat Senators said: Yes, that is what we are going to spend this year, $3 billion. Regardless of budget consequences, we will keep that commitment.  So this $3 billion figure is not one I have come up with. It is one that the President came up with. It is one that the Senate came up with.  Now, a lot has been said about capacity. Let me explain what I think is a misunderstanding here. One of the Senators said: I saw a warehouse full of vaccine that was about to expire. That is proof positive we don't need to send any more money over there because, frankly, it will be wasted. I guess that is the conclusion.  Let me read to you what the President of the United States said when he announced the global AIDS coordinator just a few months ago:       We will set up a broad and efficient network to deliver      drugs to the farthest reaches of Africa, even by motorcycle      or bicycle. We will train doctors and nurses and other health      care professionals so they can treat HIV/AIDS patients. Our      efforts will ensure that clinics and laboratories will be      built, renovated, and equipped. Child care workers will be      hired and trained to care for AIDS orphans. People living      with AIDS will get home-based care to ease their suffering.  This is what the President said. What we are doing with this money is not just sending medicine to warehouses. We are doing these things. The President has said we are using this money to build the capacity. Doesn't it defy logic for us to say if we need more nurses and health care professionals, it would be better to wait several years before we train them? We need them now so they can deliver the therapies and medicines necessary to save lives during the next 4, 5, and 10 years.  Shortchanging that capital investment, shortchanging that capacity investment on the front end is a guarantee these poor people will continue to die. Why would we stand by and let that occur?  The saddest thing about this amendment, the saddest thing of all is it is likely to be a partisan amendment. When you look at the rollcall, count the no votes. You are likely to see one political party, and the yes votes another political party. Of every issue in the world today which we will consider, this is the one that should not be partisan. This is the one where the President really summoned all of us to stand together in a bipartisan fashion.  I want to say one word in closing. Senator Frist was here a moment ago. He has left the floor now. He is very busy; I understand. I have such personal admiration for Senator Frist, though I disagree with him on a lot of political issues, but such personal admiration because this man is not only a political leader in America, he is a moral leader of the Senate. He takes his skills as a doctor to Africa, to the poorest places on earth to help the poorest people. Of all the things that could be said of Bill Frist, no one can ever question his moral commitment to poor people. That is not only admirable and honorable, but it speaks so well of him and what we can be when all of us understand that when it comes to issues of life and death for the poorest people around the world.  Please, step aside from party label. Step aside from the moment and say: We are going to do what is necessary to save these lives so some future day we don't look back and shake our heads and say: We should have done more.  