President, we have a difference of opinion. Senator Santorum and others have said, wait a minute, we have doctor statements that say just the opposite. Some doctors and some doctor associations say this procedure is never needed, never necessary. Yet other doctors, such as the ones to whom I have referred, who do this for a living, say it may be the best thing to do. So when you have a difference of medical opinion, the obvious question is, Why would we, as a matter of law, come down on one side of this medical debate?  It is not unusual for a patient who is facing a serious medical decision to get a second opinion because sometimes doctors disagree. You have to decide as a patient, or as a parent of a patient, what is the right thing to do. To say we are only going to take one approach, one opinion, and that will be the law of the land is to foreclose medical options. To foreclose options in a case where there may be a medical crisis, a serious complication in the pregnancy, I don't think is a wise course of action. As visceral and emotional as this issue is, our responsibility is to step back and say let's deal with this honestly and deal with it in a way that we can defend in medical terms.  The bill before us bans only certain procedures and allows others to take place. Earlier, I had a conversation on the Senate floor with the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Santorum, who is the lead sponsor. We talked about a particular case of a woman whom I have met from my State. She was the mother of two children. She was in her third pregnancy. Her husband, a businessman, had also been a practicing physician. She believed she was in a very normal pregnancy--until late, late, late in the pregnancy, the 32nd week, or 8 months into the pregnancy. She went in for an ultrasound because she had personal medical conditions they were worried about, and they determined by the ultrasound that the baby she was carrying had horrible birth anomalies and would not survive outside the womb, at which point her doctor said to her: If you go ahead with this pregnancy, normal labor in this pregnancy, or if you submit yourself to a C-section, it could be extremely dangerous. We recommend that you use the very procedure that is being banned by S. 3.  She tells the story of almost collapsing in the doctor's office when she learned this. She told me personally that she wasn't a person who supported abortion. She told many people she was opposed to it. Here she was facing a medical emergency with few choices. So she prayed over it, talked to her husband, and made the decision to go for this procedure.  The Senator on the floor, the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Santorum, said she did the wrong thing. He has interposed his medical judgment, for what it is worth, and said she should have had a different form of abortion. I would not be so bold as to stand here on the floor and suggest that I can make that call or that decision. But it is interesting to me that, even being pro-life, he was saying she should have had an abortion procedure other than the one she chose.  The reason I raise that is that this amendment deals with all abortion procedures, not just one, not just the D, or the partial-birth abortion procedure, but all abortion procedures postviability. I think that is important to remember in what we are trying to achieve.  If your goal is to reduce the number of late-term abortions in America, this amendment I am offering today has a greater likelihood of reducing that number than the underlying bill, S. 3. There is no question about it because only a very small percentage of cases use the so-called partial-birth abortion procedure. In fact, this amendment deals with all late-term abortions, all postviability abortion procedures. It would actually reduce the number of abortions performed.  My amendment bans all postviability abortions regardless of procedure, unless ``the continuation of pregnancy would threaten the mother's life or risk grievous injury to her physical health.'' This exception is very important.  The Santorum bill violates a woman's constitutional right to have her health protected. If you will read S. 3--and I have read it--the biggest problem they have is that the language of the bill before us is virtually identical to a Nebraska statute that has already been rejected by the Supreme Court. The Senators who offer this believe that by passing this bill and putting in the findings of the earlier Supreme Court decision, that is good enough.  I don't think any student of constitutional law would agree with that. If the Supreme Court has reached the conclusion that this language fails to meet the test of Roe v. Wade, why in the world are we going through this exercise again?  I think it is better for us to consider my alternative because the substitute I am going to offer takes a different approach--I hope a better approach. The Santorum approach, S. 3, violates a woman's constitutional right to choose under Roe v. Wade. Don't take my word, take the word of the Supreme Court. That was their decision in the case involving the Nebraska statute with the identical language.  My amendment specifically protects a woman's constitutional right to choose before viability, before the fetus can survive outside the woman. That is an important distinction. Viability is, of course, a moving target. When Roe v. Wade was decided--I think the year was 1973--the last 3 months was considered the time that a fetus would be viable. Medical technology has made great leaps forward, and now there are fetuses that are viable even before the third trimester. So we say to use as a standard, as in Roe v. Wade viability in general, the trimester system. They said in Roe v. Wade that until the time the fetus is viable there are certain legal rights in this country. We protect them. Once viability is reached, those rights change and we start acknowledging the fact that the fetus has now become a potential human being at birth.  Roe v. Wade said we will define the laws of America based on viability. The amendment I offered does the same thing. The problem with S. 3--the reason this bill and versions have beenfound unconstitutional repeatedly is they refuse to accept the basic premise of Roe v. Wade, the premise of existing law in this country.  They just will not acknowledge that you should have a law banning a certain procedure only after viability, which is why the Supreme Court rejected the Nebraska statute. Each time it is stricken because it would, in fact, restrict the right to abortion before viability, before the fetus could survive. Court after court has stricken down State laws that have followed S. 3, the Santorum model. Yet here we are again: same language, same outcome.  My amendment represents a good-faith effort to deal with this issue. It draws the line with two specific cases: where the continuation of the pregnancy would threaten the mother's life, or risk grievous injury to her physical health. That is it, grievous physical injury.  Here is why I believe this is reasonable. At this late stage in the pregnancy, seventh, eighth, or ninth month, I believe Roe v. Wade tells us we have to look at the pregnancy in different terms. We are now postviability. We are now in a circumstance where the fetus can survive.  In those circumstances, I say the only way legally you can terminate the pregnancy is if continuing it could threaten the mother's life or continuing it could subject her to grievous physical injury, which is defined in my amendment.  What does grievous physical injury include? What if you diagnosed a mother in the course of her pregnancy with serious cancer? And what if you found that continuing the pregnancy somehow compromised your ability to treat her for that cancer? My alternative retains the abortion option for mothers facing extraordinary heartbreaking medical conditions, such as breast cancer, discovered during the course of pregnancy.  It also allows for postviability abortions in cases of uterine rupture, which could leave a woman sterile, future infertility, or non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.  The two-doctor requirement is an important element, too. Some have said one of the objections is if you allow a doctor to certify a mother's life is at stake or she runs the risk of grievous physical injury if the pregnancy continues, you are playing right into the hands of the people who perform the abortions. I have heard this argument so many times. We have addressed it directly in the amendment.  I require a second doctor to certify. You have two doctors who come forward and say exactly what the conditions are to terminate a pregnancy. I also have a requirement that this can be waived in case of a medical emergency.  What risks do doctors take if they are falsifying this information? If they do not tell the truth that a mother's life is at risk, they face substantial fines and the suspension or revocation of their license to practice medicine. It could not be more serious.  There are two reasons to support my substitute amendment. One, it would actually reduce the number of abortions performed in this Nation and, two, because it has a health exception not contained in S. 3, the Santorum bill now under consideration, it is more likely to withstand the constitutional challenge and scrutiny across the street at the Supreme Court.  I am honored a number of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have joined me as cosponsor of the amendment. I particularly note the presence of my friend and cosponsor, Senator Collins of Maine. Her colleague, Senator Snowe of Maine, is also a cosponsor, as is Senator Akaka, Senator Bingaman, Senator Landrieu, and Senator Mikulski.  As I said at the outset, it is the only amendment I know that will be considered in this debate which has the support of Senators across the spectrum on the issue of abortion:     those who consider themselves closer to a pro-life position,      those who consider themselves closer to a pro-choice      position. I think that speaks to the wisdom of the amendment.      I hope my colleagues will consider that when the issue comes      before us for a vote.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  