President, I came to the floor to speak on the Reed-Durbin amendment regarding unemployment insurance. If another Senator has been waiting to speak, I will be glad to wait. If not, I will proceed.  Mr. President, I rise in support of the amendment which has been introduced by Jack Reed of Rhode Island and myself. About 20 years ago, when I first ran for Congress, I waited each month for an economic indicator which really led the debate about the state of America's economy. That economic indicator every single month was the unemployment rate. If the unemployment rate in America was high, or going up, that really consumed all of the political attention of candidates and Members of Congress. That was considered to be the yardstick or barometer of how healthy America's economy is. In the span of time I have served in Congress, that yardstick and barometer has changed.  We now focus more on the situation of the Dow Jones Index and Standard & Poor's. We look daily, almost on a minute-by-minute basis, to the report of the Dow Jones Index as an indicator of our economic well-being. But I think in so doing, we have overlooked something we have done for a long time. If the economy is not strong, people do not go to work. If they do not go to work, they get desperate to keep their families together, to pay for the basics, to make sure their kids have the necessities of life, and they struggle to hope that the economy returns to strength and they can return to employment, and soon.  There is a lot of talk in this Chamber about who is responsible for this recession. That is a common topic in politics. We politicians spend a lot of time pointing fingers, saying: This recession really started the last few months of the Clinton administration; no, no, it really started in the first few months of President George W. Bush's administration. Let me for a moment push that aside and suggest that the families who lost their jobs do not care. They are not interested in when this started. They want to know when it is going to end so that if they lost a job and are falling behind, they have a chance to get back into the workforce.  These are not people who can be characterized as lazy in any way. They have worked, and worked hard, for a long time, but contractions in the American economy because of this recession have killed jobs all across America. During the 8 years of the Clinton administration, we created 22 million new jobs. During the first 2 years of this administration, we have lost 2 million jobs nationally, and we are losing over 100,000 a month. As a result, many people are hard pressed to keep up with their obligations to their family.  The December 2002 unemployment rate of 6 percent is the highest rate in over 8 years. According to a Congressional Budget Office economic forecast, the unemployment rate is expected to remain at that level at least until the second half of this year, 2003.  Over 1.85 million workers have been looking for work for at least 6 months. As of January this year, more than 1 million workers exhausted the 13-week temporary benefits extension enacted in March 2002 and remain unemployed. Employment has declined by 1.7 million jobs since January of 2001. The decline is slightly worse than the average fall-off after the last six recessions. While the unemployment rate remains far lower than at the end of the recessions in the 1980s and 1990s, it has still risen significantly from its 30-year low of 3.9 percent in 2000, not that long ago.  The reason I raise that point and the reason Senator Reed and I come to the floor to offer this amendment is to suggest that hundreds of thousands, perhaps 1 million, unemployed workers in this country are facing extraordinarily dangerous and difficult times. These are people who are caught up in the vortex of this recession and cannot get out. They cannot find work. They drew unemployment for a short period, and it has been exhausted. They used it all up. Now where are they? They are stuck in a position where they have to try to meet their monthly bills and have no unemployment compensation, no prospects for employment, and the recession seems to be going on interminably.  I asked business leaders of major corporations from my State to give me their best guess of when this recession would end. Frankly, they told me--and it was depressing to hear--it might be 2 years. I hope they are wrong. I hope it ends tomorrow. I hope we see better signs of encouragement. The fact is, it has not happened.  What have we done in the past when we have dealt with recessions not even as bad as this one? We said time andagain if the recession continues indefinitely, we have to step in. We cannot abandon these Americans who are victims of this economy. Let us give them a helping hand. Let us do something for their families. Let us make certain they do not lose their homes to mortgage foreclosures. This is not a Democratic response or a Republican response, it has been our American response year in and year out.  Let me give an example. During the recession of the early 1990s which, in many respects, was not as bad as this one, Congress extended temporary unemployment benefits five times. During this recession, we have extended benefits only twice. Of the five times Congress extended benefits in the early 1990s, three were under President Bush's father in the recession he faced, and two were under President Clinton when he took office, and the recession had continued.  This is not a partisan response we are suggesting today. It is unfortunate only two Democratic Senators would offer this. This should have been a bipartisan offering.  During the recession of the early 1990s, Congress established the Emergency Unemployment Compensation Program which was in place for 30 months, from November 1991 to April 1994. During this recession, we established the Temporary Extended Unemployment Compensation Program which is scheduled to expire at the end of May 2003 and, therefore, would have only been in place for less than 15 months. Here we are with a recession that is worse and a response that does not measure up to half of what we did during the last major recession we faced.  We passed an extension of unemployment compensation benefits recently which will provide temporary benefits to some workers. This amendment which Senator Reed and I proposed will provide assistance for an additional 53,000 workers in my State and 1 million workers nationwide. It will provide 13 weeks of additional benefits. Workers in high unemployment States who already receive 26 weeks of benefits will receive an additional 7 weeks of benefits. Thus, the greatest number of weeks a worker can receive is 59 weeks, the same as under the extension enacted under President Bush's father.  The CBO cost estimate, $6.5 billion, is substantial but still represents only slightly more than a third of the balance in the unemployment insurance trust fund, after accounting for the extension enacted earlier this month. I think the 5-month extension we enacted was something that was good and it helped a lot of workers, but we cannot leave out the 1 million Americans who will not be helped by this action taken just a few weeks ago. One million Americans have exhausted their unemployment benefits and are stuck in a situation--without a job in a recession--to which, frankly, we do not see an end. What we are asking the Senate to do today on this appropriations bill is to think about those we have left behind. I do not believe it is fair to characterize the people who are victims of this recession as anything less than hard-working Americans caught behind the curve of this economy. I do not care whose responsibility this recession is for this moment. We can argue about that for a long time, but I do feel a responsibility to these workers and their families.  In my State, the unemployment rate in November of last year was 6.7 percent. This is a 13.6-percent increase from November of the previous year when our rate was 5.9 percent. Our unemployment rate in Illinois sadly is tied for third highest in the Nation. Alaska and Oregon are higher. We are tied with the State of Mississippi. If one measures the impact of a recession by the percent change in unemployment rates, this recession has hit my State twice as hard as the recession of the early 1990s, and as of January 1, 2003, over 53,000 Illinois workers exhausted the 13-week temporary benefits extension enacted in March 2002 and remain unemployed. Each week, 4,000 Illinois workers will exhaust their regular State unemployment benefits.  The President, in his radio address a few weeks ago, said as follows:       We will not rest until every person in America who wants to      work can find a job.  Thank goodness. That is a pledge every President should make. On December 28, in another weekly radio address, the President said, and this is right after Christmas and we knew unemployment benefits were expiring:       One of my first priorities for the new Congress will be an      extension of unemployment benefits for Americans who need      them.  The President responded and Congress answered with an extension of unemployment benefits that took us close to meeting that pledge, but not close enough for 1 million Americans who were left behind. The extension of unemployment benefits that the President proposed and signed excluded 1 million American workers who have been unemployed for over 9 months and have exhausted all their temporary Federal benefits without finding a new job.  I have argued in this Chamber today that this is a question of fairness and compassion. Let me add parenthetically that it is also a stimulus to the economy. The money given to unemployed workers is spent almost immediately to meet the needs of their family. It is not salted away, invested, or saved. It is spent for goods and services creating economic activity and jobs in a time when this economy dearly needs that to happen.  I hope my colleagues will reconsider this issue and join Senator Reed and myself in enacting this amendment.  