President, pursuant to that unanimous consent request, I would like to take the floor for a few moments and then yield to my friend Senator Harkin.  This evening, we are considering the nomination of John Snow to be the Secretary of the Treasury. It is a very important position, one of the most important in the President's Cabinet. I have had the opportunity on two occasions now to sit down with Mr. Snow and discuss with him a number of issues, but in particular one that I would address this evening. After these conversations, I am happy to report I will be supporting his nomination as Secretary of the Treasury. He will have an awesome responsibility in this post. I hope he can rise to that challenge. His resume shows that he can and that he will serve our Nation with pride.  The particular issue which drew us together last night and again this evening is one that Senator Harkin has been the leader on for many years. Literally millions of Americans have pension plans which they have worked long and hard to maintain in their place of employment. The traditional defined-benefit plan is one where someone works for a company for a certain number of years and the company promised that at retirement they would pay them a certain amount of money. That is the retirement plan with which most people are familiar. That is the basic and traditional approach. But over the years retirement plans have changed. They have become more like 401(k)s or savings plans or investment plans, and those are knownas cash-benefit plans. Some companies have decided to go with defined-benefit plans and some with cash-benefit plans. But many employees have been caught in the middle. Some started working for a company thinking they had a defined-benefit plan. Then the company at a later date says for a variety of reasons we are going to move to this other cash-balance plan. For some employees, it is a good choice. If you are a young worker in a company, and they come in and say, Listen, you don't know if you are going to be at this place the rest of your life; you may pick up and move to another job; would you rather have something like a cash-balance plan where you know how much money is there? It is invested. You can build it up over the years and move it with you from job to job. A lot of younger workers said, That is exactly what I want.  But the worker who has been on that job for longer periods of time has built up benefits under the defined-benefit plan may say, Wait a minute. Don't change the rules at this point. I am nearing retirement. I know what I was supposed to receive. I don't want to change the benefit plan at all.  Therein lies the dilemma. Some corporations have said to employees, You make the decision. Decide what is best for you. Stick with the old defined-benefit plan or move to the cash-balance plan. But it is your choice.  Frankly, from my point of view and Senator Harkin's point of view, that is fair. Let the employee decide his fate. Let the employee decide what is best for him, for his family, and for his future. That is what we would like to see.  Frankly, that really was the law and the rule for so long, thanks to the hard work of Senator Harkin of Iowa protecting the rights of employees.  A month ago, there was a shocking rule issued by the Treasury Department which basically said the corporations could wipe out defined-benefit plans and say to that employee of many years, Guess what. We have changed the rules. You are now in a cash plan.  I was at a press conference and met with some former IBM employees who went through that experience. It is really heartbreaking to hear what it meant to their families, and where they expected to end up generating some $4,000 a month in retirement income is now going to generate about $2,000. It means, frankly, the survivor benefits are sacrificed and a quality of life has been lost.  Senator Harkin, myself, Congressman George Miller of California, and Congressman Bernie Sanders of Vermont have really tried to dramatize this issue and this new proposed rule, and to say to the Treasury Department, For goodness sakes, treat these workers fairly. Don't force them into a plan that is going disadvantage them or their families.  We gathered together some signatures--I don't take any credit for it; the work was done primarily by the two House leaders I just mentioned--over 226 signatures of Members of Congress in both the House and the Senate, saying to the President and the Treasury Department, Don't change the rules in midstream. Protect these employees.  Along comes the President's nominee for the Treasury Department, John Snow. Of course, he will be the man to make the ultimate decision on the rule and whether it will be fair to employees. Senator Harkin and I sat down with him this evening and had a lengthy and very positive conversation.  John Snow comes to us from a career in private business where he has been a CEO of the CSX Railroad. He explained to us when his railroad decided to change pension plans, they left it up to the employees to decide. He thought that was a fair thing to do with his railroad. We think it is a fair thing to do for every company. He talked about other businesses he worked with where the same thing occurred.  He said to us he was going to be fair and objective, and he was going to take the rights of the worker into account for any rule related to future pension plans.  We talked about the fact that when it comes to Members of Congress, that is exactly the standard we followed when it came to our retirement. I guess it was 10, 12 years ago we decided to change the retirement plan. We went to individual Members of Congress and said, What do you choose? What is best for you and your family? That was our way. Should it not be the right of every American worker?  In a meeting with Senator Harkin and myself, we decided to let this nominee go forward to give Mr. Snow an opportunity to become the Treasury Department Secretary and to use his values and corporate experience which he brings to the job not only to serve the Nation but to treat American workers and retirees fairly.  I want to especially thank Senator Harkin. This is not the kind of issue likely to be on the front page of any newspaper, but it is the kind of issue that is likely to be front and center on the dining room table of American families who are genuinely concerned about their future. He fought a long and lonely battle on this issue. I was happy to support him. But he deserves credit for his leadership. The meeting with the new Treasury Secretary today points us in the right direction. We want to work with this Treasury Department and with this Secretary to be fair to workers across America.  I will support the nomination of John Snow for Treasury Secretary because I believe he brings the right values and the right corporate experience to this job. I am sure I am going to disagree with him on many issues. But on this particular issue, the assurances which he gave us this evening are the basis for us to go forward and approve his nomination.  At this point, I would like to yield to my leader on this issue, my colleague from Iowa, Senator Harkin.  