President, let me say at the outset, we have talked a lot about the Patients First Act that is before us, S. 11. As far as I can tell, this is ``patients last.'' It says, regardless of the injury you sustained because of medical errors, medical negligence, medical malpractice, we are going to limit you to $250,000 that you can recover for your pain and suffering no matter how many years you have to endure.  This is a photograph of Sharon Keller whom I met yesterday, a proud registered Republican, as she announced in our press conference. After a hysterectomy, she went into the doctor's office for an exam. Unfortunately, the surgeon, as she examined her, made a move and removed a suture and bleeding started. When the bleeding became excessive, the doctor left the room and left Sherry on the examining table as she went out to find someonewho could respond to the need and, at the same time, went to see some other patients while Sherry was bleeding on the examining table.  Unfortunately, after a period of time, she went into shock and fell off the examining table, as she was left unattended in the examining room. When she fell off the table, she hit the counter as she fell and damaged her spinal cord, rendering her an incomplete quadriplegic.  In this state of bleeding and virtually paralyzed, she dragged herself out into the hallway to beg for help. The doctor called an ambulance to take her to the emergency room but said: Just transport her; you do not need to treat her on the way. She waited several hours at the emergency room before they eventually treated her. She will never walk again. She is a housewife and mother who had no lost wages because of this and, frankly, because of this bill, she would be limited to recover $250,000.  Is that jackpot justice? Has Sherry Keller made out like a bandit--$250,000--for what she is going to go through for the rest of her life? Is she being treated first as a patient? She is being treated last, and that is unfortunate and unfair.  There is a medical malpractice insurance problem in America. We should address it in a responsible way and not at the expense of victims such as Sherry Keller.  Senator Graham of South Carolina and I have introduced a bill as an alternative to this which we believe is a constructive first step toward dealing with this.  First, to increase patient safety efforts across the United States to reduce malpractice.  Second, to provide an immediate tax credit for doctors and hospitals for their malpractice premiums. Doctors and hospitals cannot afford to wait 8 to 15 years, as the sponsor of this legislation says it will take, before limiting the recovery of victims results in lowers premiums.  Incidentally, there are people in the insurance industry who will not even say it will result in any reduction in premiums over a period of time.  We also repeal the antitrust exemption given to the insurance industry, which is totally unfair, which will end collusion among those companies in setting rates.  We reduce frivolous lawsuits in saying to attorneys, those few bad actors: If you do it, we not only will fine you, but ultimately we will prohibit you from filing this type of lawsuit.  We give grants to hard-hit areas described in Missouri, Kansas, Illinois, and North Carolina, so they can deal with losing doctors and hospitals. We say that punitive damages are going to be allowed in only the most egregious cases, serious intentional situations. But if a doctor has been involved in helping his or her community through Medicare and Medicaid, they would be immune from punitive damages in medical malpractice cases.  We do not provide this great protection for the drug companies and the medical device manufacturers who decided to jump on this medical malpractice bandwagon for the ride and limit their own liability.  We do not preempt State laws. Individual States can still make decisions they made historically, and we do provide statute of limitations be decided by each State.  This is going to result in lower premiums and better situations for people across America. It is a better way to go. I, frankly, think we have to look at the root causes of the malpractice insurance problem. First is the incidence of malpractice of epidemic proportions, according to the Bush administration. That is the root cause.  Secondly, the malpractice insurance companies, when they made investments during the Clinton era, as the stock market was booming--and we all remember that--they did quite well. When the bottom fell out a couple years ago in the stock market, so did their investments.  What does an insurance company do when their investments start to lose ground? They raise the premiums on the doctors. That is what is going on here. We are being asked to penalize patients and victims of medical malpractice because of the investment practices of insurance companies. We are riding to the rescue of insurance companies at the expense of children whose lives are forever damaged and changed because of medical malpractice. We are putting limitations on recovery for people who are innocent victims so we can help the bottom line and profitability of insurance companies.  Time and again, this Senate races to protect special interest groups and forgets the families, children, and elderly people across America who are the victims of this wrongdoing. That is not fair to them. It certainly is not fair to this country.  I end by saying to doctors and hospitals across this country, after we defeat this bad bill, let us come together for a reasonable solution to reduce medical malpractice, to bring in the insurance companies and hold them accountable and say to the legal profession they must guarantee to us as well that there will be responsible conduct on their part.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  