 Thank you, Mr. President, for your cooperation and I thank my colleague from New York for yielding this time.  In the last 2 days we have been engaged in a debate on the floor which affects every American family and business, and the question is, What are we going to do about the dramatic increase in the cost of medical malpractice insurance that we see among some specialties in some parts of the country? It doesn't affect every State. It doesn't affect every doctor. But those doctors who are hardest hit, I believe--and I think everyone here shares that belief--need relief. They need some help.  What do we have offered to us today? S. 11. This is the bill brought to us bythe Senator from Nevada, Mr. Ensign, and Senator McConnell and a number of other Republican Senators. This suggests that the best way to limit the medical malpractice premiums being charged to doctors is to limit the amount of recovery that a person who has been a victim of medical malpractice can receive. It is a decision which says we will no longer trust a jury of 12 people from your community, your city, and your State to decide what is fair compensation for your injury caused by another person. That decision will be made by a jury of 100 Senators, who will decide today, with S. 11, that regardless of what has happened to you or your child, regardless of the severity of the injury, regardless of how many years you are going to go through constant pain or suffering, we will decide today, in the Senate, that if your State has not come up with another number, the maximum amount you can receive is $250,000 for pain and suffering.  Some may say that is a pretty substantial sum of money. I have heard that said on the floor here. How can the critics of this bill be coming to you and saying $250,000 is not that much money?  I concede, if you bought a lottery ticket today and were paid $250,000 tomorrow, you would be a happy person. But if you had a medical injury today which incapacitated you for the rest of your life, which left you in a wheelchair, quadriplegic for the rest of your life, which left you in a state dependent on others for the rest of your life, which left you permanently scarred and disfigured for the rest of your life, and you were told that your compensation was $250,000, I think it would put it in a much different perspective.  I think that is what is missing in this debate. I cannot get over how Senators come to this floor and dismiss all of these victims of medical malpractice and say, basically: It is a shame, but they just don't get it. We have a bigger problem here. We have a malpractice insurance problem.  I have listened to the debate. I have listened to those who suggest that this bill, S. 11, is the answer to the problem. I say it isn't. The problem is national. The problem is serious. The problem will not be answered by this legislation.  There is a belief that if you limit the amount that a victim can recover malpractice insurance premiums will go down. Let me tell you that facts don't bear that out.  Take a look at these States. Some of them have State laws that cap liability. Others don't. Of the States without caps where a victim of malpractice can receive whatever a jury thinks is fair in the period 1991-2002, four of those--Arizona, New York, Georgia, and Washington--saw modest increases in malpractice insurance premiums. Here are four States with caps on what a victim can receive. The malpractice insurance premiums have shot up dramatically. There is no direct link between limiting a victim's recovery and the malpractice insurance premiums that are charged. Yesterday, Senator Ensign of Nevada, I think in a very candid moment, conceded that fact. He brought out a chart. He said you can't compare States with caps that have only been in place for a short time. In the words of Senator Ensign, as the Congressional Record reflects, it will take 8, 10, 12, or maybe 15 years before these caps on victims in terms of what they can recover for their serious injuries really do have a measurable impact on malpractice insurance premiums.  I would say to the doctors in Illinois and in Nevada and in any State in the Union, is this a reasonable answer to today's malpractice insurance crisis to suggest that limiting a victim's recovery will ultimately reduce malpractice insurance premiums 8, 10, 12, or 15 years from now? Trust me. In some of these specialties, OB/GYN and neurosurgery, these doctors can't wait for that period of time. Sadly, even if you bought the premise of this bill that limiting a victim's recovery will help a doctor's malpractice premiums, the sponsor of the bill came to the floor yesterday and conceded that it won't happen for 8 to 15 years.  Where does that leave us? It leaves us in a situation where we have a bill that is fundamentally unfair to the victims of medical malpractice premiums.  I listened to the rhetoric on the other side. I have been a practicing attorney, a trial lawyer, both a defense attorney and a plaintiff's attorney. I guess I understand that my profession has been the butt of a lot of jokes and a lot of derision. I have heard Members come to the floor and talk about those greedy lawyers. I will have to tell you that there are an awful lot of men and women practicing law across the United States who I think are doing a service to their clients and to America. They have people come into their law offices who are seriously hurt or who have lost a loved one and who have no money to their name and are looking for justice. They want an opportunity to go to court. They can't pay for it. They can't pay for an attorney on an hourly basis and be charged $10,000, $20,000, $30,000, or $40,000 for their day in court. Some of them can't even pay the court costs or the filing fees or the necessary expenses for a deposition asking questions preparing for a lawsuit.  Lawyers who represent these people say: I will take it on a contingent basis. If you succeed, if you win, I will be paid. If you do not succeed, if you lose, I will lose with you. That will be the gamble we will take together. We believe we have a good lawsuit. Let us go forward. Some of these lawyers say on a personal basis this is what my recovery will be.  I don't think there is anything unfair or insidious about this any more than it is unfair or insidious that those who are defending the person accused of wrongdoing are generally represented by insurance company lawyers who pay unlimited amounts of money for the defense of a lawsuit. That is just the nature of our judicial system.  On this floor the people who take contingency fee cases are referred to as greedy and selfish, exploiting the plaintiff, exploiting the claimant, and exploiting the victims. I am sure it has happened. I am sure it will continue to happen--I hope in as few cases as possible.  There is nothing unfair or unjust about a contingency fee system. In fact, it gives people an opening in the court they would never be able to afford. I have seen it. I represented people under those circumstances. I have run that risk. Sometimes I didn't succeed for the client or myself. Sometimes I did. That is the nature of the system.  Then a Senator came to the floor yesterday. He is a friend of mine. I respect him. But he used a term which troubles me greatly. He said he wants to end this ``jackpot justice.'' That was his phrase--``jackpot justice.'' I guess the idea is that if someone goes into a courtroom with a flimsy case and ends up with millions of dollars, hit the jackpot. I guess that can happen, too. Maybe it has.  But I want to talk to you a little bit about ``jackpot justice'' in the world of medical malpractice. I would like to point, as exhibit No. 1, to Alan Cronin, a 42-year-old man from the State of California. Alan Cronin is a man who has three children. He went in for a simple surgery of a hernia repair. After the surgery, two doctors failed to diagnose an acute infection. They treated him as if he had the flu. But he had a very serious infection instead. He became septic and suffered toxic shock. Once the doctors realized that, and they had to reopen the surgery site where they repaired the hernia. They found a horrendous infection underway. They told his family that he had a 98-percent chance of dying as a result of this infection. Gangrene had set in. As a consequence of a simple hernia operation and the malpractice that occurred afterwards, this gangrene claimed all four of Alan Cronin's limbs--both of his legs, both of his arms.  He used to be a customer service representative for a medical equipment manufacturer and workers compensation paid for all of his medical expenses, including some of his future expenses. He also had a private disability policy that he used to help keep his family together, offsetting future damages.  The reason this case is important is I guess there are some in the Chamber who would say if Alan Cronin goes to a courtroom and asks the jury for a verdict against the doctor who made the mistake which led to his infection, which led to gangrene and which led to this man losing both arms and both legs and asks for a verdict against thatnegligent doctor and he is given several million dollars to try to keep his family and life together for the rest of his natural life, in the words of some of my colleagues, Alan Cronin would ``hit the jackpot.''  What a jackpot--several million dollars for both arms and both legs? How many volunteers would sign up for that jackpot? How many people want to buy a ticket on that jackpot lottery? None of us would. None of us would ever trade places with what this man has gone through and will go through every minute of every hour of every day of every week of every month and every year for the rest of his life. This is a jackpot?  You should have been in the room yesterday when Senator Graham and I met four victims of medical malpractice who came in to see us.  Colin Gouley, a young man from Nebraska, came to us. As a result of medical malpractice, when he was born he had serious problems and disabilities and is going to be confined to a wheelchair. He must sleep at night with a cast. He has a limited ability to respond and learn and speak. He won't go through the ordinary human events of experiences that we take for granted.  He has a twin brother. This is a picture of Colin and his twin brother Conner. You can see Colin on the left and his twin brother, who is healthy, happy, and an active young man. That will be the fate and future for Colin.  They took the case to a jury in Nebraska and said for the rest of his life and with all of the pain and suffering that he will endure, what is it worth? That jury said: We calculate it to be about $5.6 million. But because of Nebraska's State law that limits the amount that can be awarded in cases of medical malpractice, the family will receive a fraction of that amount. It will mean that his mother and father and his two sisters and brother will be tending to his care for the rest of his life, as they would naturally, but they will have to do it much more because of his situation. It also means that ultimately the doctors and hospital that may have been responsible for this wrongdoing will not be held accountable but it will be the responsibility of the government to pay more and more of his medical expenses. That is not what the family wants, but look at the situation they face.  Do you believe the Gouley family hit the jackpot? This is jackpot justice? I can tell you what this bill would say. If your State does not have a limitation on recovery, this bill would say to Colin Gouley and his family: We are sorry this happened to you, we are sorry you were a victim of malpractice, but the pain and suffering you will endure for the rest of your natural life is worth $250,000. The verdict rendered by the jury of the Senate is $250,000 and not one penny more.  That isn't fair to the Gouley family, but, frankly, that is our idea of how to deal with the medical malpractice insurance crisis. At least that is what has been proposed.  We have to put a human face on this issue. We have to make sure people understand it isn't just doctors who face malpractice premiums, it isn't just people who are looking for care but cannot find it because doctors cannot practice in some areas because it is more expensive. The solution being offered by the Senator from Nevada and others is to limit the recovery of medical malpractice victims and their families, to limit the amount of money that would be paid to children who are the victims of medical malpractice.  There is no argument here about who is at fault. The fault was established by the jury. But this bill would say: The Federal Government will decide how much the Gouley family can receive. The Federal Government will decide how much Alan Cronin will receive for pain and suffering in those States that do not have a different limitation.  I guess what troubles me, too, is this bill does not go to the root issue that is before us. We were told by this administration, the Bush administration, through Dr. Clancy of the Department of Health and Human Services, that medical errors and medical malpractice have reached epidemic proportions in this country. Instead of dealing with medical malpractice at an epidemic proportion, what we are saying is the real way to control this problem is to make sure Colin Gouley and his family are not adequately compensated for the injuries and damages they have suffered.  That is so shortsighted and it is so fundamentally unfair.  If these malpractice premiums are unfair to doctors, I can tell you S. 11 is fundamentally unfair to Colin Gouley and his family and people like them across America.  Mr. President, 100,000 Americans will lose their lives this year because of medical malpractice, not because of their disease or illness but because of mistakes that are made--100,000 people. And that figure comes from the Bush administration Department of Health and Human Services.  Of those who could file a malpractice claim in any given year, 1 out of 50 actually do go to a lawyer and seek compensation; 2 percent, 1 out of 50. If we do not go to the root cause of this problem, this bow wave of malpractice that is about to swamp us in this country, then, frankly, we are not addressing the root problem. Instead, what we are doing is penalizing the Gouley family and others like them and rewarding insurance companies.  Do not be surprised by that. We do that on a weekly basis in the Senate. We find ways to take a special interest group, such as insurance companies, and give them more profitability, less accountability, whether it is HMOs, which, incidentally, are protected and rewarded by this same bill, or other insurance companies. That is the nature of the philosophy that drives the majority opinion in the Senate.  But families across America see it differently, and they should. This law we are considering, S. 11, unfairly is going to insulate from liability HMO insurance companies, managed care insurance companies, as well as drug companies and medical device manufacturers.  One last point I would like to make at this moment is they have a provision in this bill which says if your drug, for example, or medical device has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration, it virtually insulates you from liability for punitive damages. I asked my staff to prepare a list of the various drugs that have been marketed which have been found to be dangerous and deadly to people across America. Frankly, there are too many for me to list in the record at this point. I will submit them at a later time.  Why in the world would we want to put in this bill an insulation for those who make medical devices which end up killing people? Why in the world, in a bill that is supposed to be helping struggling doctors, are we talking about insulating from liability pharmaceutical companies that sell dangerous drugs?  Oh, the argument is, if it is approved by the FDA, that should be enough. We know better. Those of us who have been involved on Capitol Hill know we do not fund the Food and Drug Administration adequately. There are not enough people there doing the important work that should be done. We know they do their best, and we know that 9 times out of 10, maybe 99 times out of 100, they are going to make certain drugs are safe and efficacious, but we also know quite well that there are not enough people there doing the job that needs to be done.  Much like the tobacco companies hid behind the warning label on their packages when they were sued for cancer and heart disease, these drug companies, under S. 11, want to hide behind an FDA approval and say: We can't be held accountable for what we might have known or what we might have done if, in fact, somewhere along the way the FDA gave us a stamp of approval. That should insulate us from liability.  Think about what we are doing here, and think, for a moment, about the victims. If you love the companies, if you love the insurance companies, couldn't you have some love in your heart for these victims, some compassion for what they are going to go through? I think that should be an important part of the debate.  I reserve the remainder of my time, Mr. President.  