She tells of her pregnancy in 1994. She was expecting Abigail, her third child. Naturally, she was excited about this. It was 36 weeks into her pregnancy, when an ultrasound detected what all of the previous prenatal testing failed to detect--an encephalocele. Approximately two-thirds of her daughter's brain had formed outside her skull. She says in this statement--and I will make it part of the Record:       What I had thought were big, healthy, strong baby movements      were in fact seizures.       My doctor sent me to several specialists, including a      perinatologist, a pediatric radiologist, and a geneticist in      a desperate attempt to find a way to save her. But everyone      agreed, she would not survive outside of     my body. They also feared that as the pregnancy progressed,      before I went into labor, she would probably die from the      increased compression in her brain.       Our doctors explained our options, which included labor and      delivery, C-section, or termination of the pregnancy. Because      of the size of her anomaly, the doctors feared that my uterus      might rupture in the birthing process, possibly rendering me      sterile. The doctor also recommended against a C-section,      because they could not justify the risks to my health when      there was no hope of saving Abigail.       We agonized over our options. Both Bill----  Her husband----       and I are medical professionals.  She a registered nurse, he a physician, so they understood the medical risk.       After discussing our situation extensively and reflecting      on our options, we made the difficult decision to undergo an      Intact D and E.  Also known as partial-birth abortion. What I am saying to my friend and colleague from Pennsylvania is this is an example, a case, where she had three options. Partial-birth abortion was the third and chosen for medical reasons, reasons for which she said in the statement.  I ask unanimous consent that the statement be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:     Statement of Viki Wilson, California, in Opposition to S. 3       I urge you to oppose S. 3. I understand that this bill is      very broad and would ban a wide range of abortion procedures.      Mine is one example of the many families that could be harmed      by legislation like this.       In the spring of 1994, I was pregnant and expecting      Abigail, my third child, on Mother's Day. The nursery was      ready and our family was ecstatic. My husband, Bill, an      emergency room physician, had delivered our other children,      and would do it again this time. Jon, our oldest child would      cut the chord. Katie, our younger, would be the first to hold      the baby. Abigail had already become an important part of our      family. At 36 weeks of pregnancy, however, all of our dreams      and happy expectations came crashing down around us. My      doctor ordered an ultrasound that detected what all of my      previous prenatal testing had failed to detect, an      encephalocoele. Approximately two-thirds of my daughter's      brain had formed outside her skull. What I had thought were      big, healthy, strong baby movements were in fact seizures.       My doctors sent me to several specialists, including a      perinatologist, a pediatric radiologist and a geneticist, in      a desperate attempt to find a way to save her. But everyone      agreed, she would not survive outside my body. They also      feared that as the pregnancy progressed, before I went into      labor, she would probably die from the increased compression      in her brain.       Our doctors explained our options, which included labor and      delivery, c-section, or termination of the pregnancy. Because      of the size of her anomaly, the doctors feared that my uterus      might rupture in the birthing process, possibly rendering me      sterile. The doctors also recommended against a c-section,      because they could not justify the risks to my health when      there was no hope of saving Abigail.       We agonized over our options. Both Bill and I are medical      professionals (I am a registered nurse and Bill is a      physician), so we understood the medical risks inherent in      each of our options. After discussing our situation      extensively and reflecting on our options, we made the      difficult decision to undergo an Intact D and E.       It was important to us to have Abigail come out whole, for      two reasons. We could hold her. Jon and Katie could say      goodbye to their sister. I know in my heart that we have      healed in a healthy way because we were able to see Abigail,      cuddle her, kiss her. We took photos of her. Swaddled, she      looks perfect, like my father, and Jon when he was born.      Those pictures are some of my most cherished possessions.       The second reason for the intact evacuation was medical:      Having the baby whole allowed a better autopsy to be      performed, to give us genetic information on the odds of this      happening again.       Losing Abigail was the hardest thing that has ever happened      to us in our lives, but I am grateful that Bill and I were      able to make this difficult decision ourselves and that we      were given all of our medical options. There will be families      in the future faced with this tragedy. Please allow us to      have access to the medical procedures we need. Do not      complicate the tragedies we already face. Oppose S. 3.  