President, today marks the 166th birthday of the city of Chicago, and it would have been the 96th birthday of a great Chicago legend, Eleanor ``Sis'' Daley. I would like to talk about each briefly.  On March 4, 1837, Chicago was incorporated as a city with a population of 4,170 by the Illinois State Legislature. Today, Chicago is one of our Nation's largest and most vibrant cities, with 2.9 million residents, and it remains a vital center of business, finance, education, the arts, sports, and tourism.  Chicago's early history is a great American story of a great city, from Father Marquette to du Sable, a Haitian immigrant, in the 17th and 18th centuries, to Fort Dearborn, Northwestern University, Abraham Lincoln's Presidential nomination, the Chicago fire, and the World's Columbian Exposition in the 19th century.  In fact, ``City of The Century,'' a book and a documentary, detailed this city's humble beginnings and chronicled the development of the ``city that works.'' Chicago's modern history is synonymous with one family, the Daley family. Mayor Richard J. Daley was elected a record six consecutive terms and served 21 years in city hall. His son, Richard M. Daley, was reelected Chicago mayor last week and will shortly begin his 15th year in office. A Daley has been mayor of Chicago for 34 of the past 50 years.  The family glue was well-known to be Eleanor ``Sis'' Daley, the current mayor's mother and the wife of the former mayor for over 40 years. Today would have marked Sis Daley's 96th birthday. She shared a birthday with the city of Chicago. Sadly, Sis Daley passed away in her Bridgeport home on February 16, leaving behind 6 surviving children--Mayor Richard M. Daley, former U.S. Commerce Department Secretary Bill Daley, Cook County Commissioner John Daley, and Michael, Patricia, and Mary Carol; in addition, 20 grandchildren, including John Daley, a member of my Governmental Affairs Committee staff; a number of great grandchildren, and many admirers.  Much has been said and written about Sis Daley in recent weeks, a devoted mother, a loyal fan of the Chicago White Sox. She was really devoted to her family more than anything. She raised all seven kids in what was originally a bungalow in Bridgeport, a section of Chicago which was built by her and her husband in 1939. During her husband's first election night victory in 1955, the mayor-elect and his wife Sis abruptly ended the celebration party, packed up the kids, and headed home at 10:15 and said, it is bedtime at the Daley home.  Sis Daley was not afraid to speak her mind when it was necessary. When an unflattering book about her husband appeared in a local grocery store in 1971, she was offended and she asked the store manager to remove it, after she turned around the book so people could not read the cover. He and the entire chain removed it, but not before it became a national story, bringing a lot more money to the author, but Sis Daley had stood up for her family, as she did every single day.  In 1972, she very publicly appealed for the restoration of the main Chicago library building, an 83-year-old structure targeted for demolition by the mayor, her husband. The building was saved, and today it serves as the Chicago Cultural Center. She greeted queens and presidents, politicians and stars, never forgetting where she came from.  The last time I saw her was with her son Bill Daley, at a little gathering for Hillary Clinton in the city of Chicago. It was great to see that warm Irish smile on her face. In turn, Eleanor ``Sis'' Daley will never be forgotten in Chicago and in the hearts and minds of her family and those who knew her. It is fitting that the city of Chicago shares its birthday with Sis Daley.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Dole). The Senator from Kansas.  