President, I am pleased to be here this morning to join my colleagues in saluting the public service of our friend Senator Jeff Flake.  In his remarkable book, ``The Conscience of a Conservative,'' Senator Jeff Flake offered these words that apply to both sides of the aisle and across the political spectrum. Rather than constantly pursuing partisan advantage, he wrote, ``the better path always is to break out of rigid ideological thinking, to listen to reasoned arguments on both sides, and to use your best judgment.''  Reason and courage have defined Senator Flake's 18 years in Congress--12 in the House of Representatives and 6 here in the Senate. Throughout these years of service, he has always been knowledgeable, insightful, and dedicated to America and its values.  It has been a privilege to work closely with him on many vital issues. Senator Flake has always been willing to take on the most difficult challenges and offer constructive solutions, as his work on immigration reform demonstrates. As my colleague from Delaware has said, he is unafraid. He will take on any challenge, no matter the consequences.  As chairman of the Senate Aging Committee, I have appreciated his commitment to the well-being, safety, and security of seniors across the Nation and in his beloved home State of Arizona. Senator Flake was especially helpful in our committee's examination of international criminal cartels that were using unsuspecting American seniors as drug ``mules'' to smuggle narcotics across international borders, not realizing the cargo that they were carrying.  Senator Flake has been an outstanding leader on the Foreign Relations Committee as chairman of the Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy. His firsthand knowledge of issues from his early mission work in South Africa and Zimbabwe has helped to guide his efforts. I was proud to have been a cosponsor of a bill he authored with Senator Coons to combat the wildlife trafficking crisis, which became law in 2016. In fact, it was on a congressional trip that I first met my friend Jeff Flake, and I remember thinking that he was so fascinating. He knew so many things of which I had very little knowledge.  He talked about his time in Africa, and I will always remember--and this will bring a smile to his lips as well--when he told me that the words for describing it being very cold outside were the equivalent of a phrase that sounded like ``buy a coat.'' I am sure I ruined the pronunciation, but he is nodding affirmatively. I always loved that and will remember that little vignette.  When Senator Flake announced last year that he would not seek re-election, he offered these words on the Senate floor:  ``We must respect each other again in an atmosphere of shared facts and shared values, comity and good faith. We must argue our positions fervently and never be afraid to compromise. We must assume the best of our fellow man and always look for the good.  I think it is significant that those words resonated both with the Senator from Delaware and with me, and I am sure with many others.  Senator Jeff Flake always gave his best, and he always helped us to find the good. I join my colleagues in wishing him, Cheryl, and his family well, and in expecting many more contributions from this leader of many gifts and determined principles.  Thank you, Mr. President.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  