President, as I listened to Senator Heitkamp's farewell remarks to us today, I could not help but think of the fact that she used her final speech on the Senate floor not just to talk about her accomplishments, of which there are many, but to inspire us. It was a call to action. It was a call to the better angels of ourselves to work together in the interests of our country.  Maine and North Dakota are separated by a great distance, but the people of our two States have in common the qualities of hard work, of respect for tradition, balanced by a spirit of innovation and a belief in personal responsibility, always tempered by compassion.  During her years in the Senate, Heidi Heitkamp has demonstrated those qualities time and again. She is passionate, as we heard today; she is energetic, as we have seen in her work; and she is a committed public servant who has worked so diligently for her State and for our country.  Senator Heitkamp has a remarkable record of public service. As her State's attorney general, she fought to protect the people of North Dakota against drug dealers, to defend seniors against abusive scams, and to keep sexual predators off the streets.  Senator Heitkamp has continued those causes, that fight as a Member of the U.S. Senate. Among the many issues on which we have worked together, Senator Heitkamp's determined leadership on efforts to support victims of human trafficking and to prevent youth homelessness stand out. She and I led the charge to increase Federal funding for the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act and the McKinney-Vento Education for Homeless Children and Youth Program.  She has also been such a strong advocate for children, as you all heard today. She has worked to help teenagers who find themselves without a permanent home or on the street.  I was proud to stand with her in helping to forge the bipartisan path forward on the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, which became law and includes Senator Heitkamp's provision to give safe harbor to victims of human trafficking. She has also shed light on the role healthcare providers can play in identifying and protecting the victims of human trafficking by authoring the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Act--the SOAR Act--on which I was proud to be her lead Republican.  Senator Heitkamp has been such a valued leader in strengthening our agriculture. In fact, the chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee was just talking about the absolutely vital role she has played working with both the chairman and the ranking member. She knows that when we strengthen agriculture, we sustain our rural communities.  The Next Generation in Agriculture Act that she authored and I cosponsored will ensure that new farmers and ranchers have the support and guidance they need.  It has been so rewarding to work with Senator Heitkamp on so many bipartisan issues, such as improving school nutrition, increasing access to healthcare in underserved areas, and expanding mental health services for our rural vets. She was also instrumental in the success of the Common Sense Coalition in preventing a lengthy government shutdown earlier this year.  Senator Heitkamp has been an effective and courageous colleague, but most of all, she has been a dear friend. Our friendship transcends party lines and is rooted in mutual respect and trust.  To my friend, I say thank you for your service to our country and thank you so much for your friendship. I am so grateful that we served together, and I wish you all the best.  Thank you.  