President.  It has been 11 years since a Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education appropriations bill has been considered on the Senate floor, so let me begin my remarks this morning by commending the chairman and ranking member of the full Appropriations Committee, Senators Shelby and Leahy, for their determination to report each and every one of the appropriations bills so they can be considered, fully debated, and amended in the regular order. I also commend the subcommittee chairman, Senator Blunt, and the ranking member, Senator Murray, for their leadership in creating a bipartisan bill.  This bill will make critical investments in medical research, opioid abuse prevention and treatment, the education of our students, and strengthening America's workforce.  I appreciate so much that the subcommittee accommodated so many of my priorities in crafting this bill. It has my very strong support. I am particularly pleased that the bill includes another $2 billion increase for the National Institutes of Health. Robust investments in biomedical research will pay dividends for many American families struggling with disease and disability, just as such research has enabled us to prevent, treat, or cure other serious illnesses.  Notably, this year, for the first time, the bill reaches the milestone of providing at least $2 billion a year for Alzheimer's disease research--the amount that the advisory council to the National Plan to Combat Alzheimer's Disease has calculated is needed to find an effective treatment for this disease by the year 2025. Tomorrow, I will join Senator Blunt and others of my colleagues delivering separate remarks dedicated to this milestone achievement, but I did want to briefly highlight that investment now.  As founder and the cochair of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, I am also pleased this bill continues to recognize the importance of investing in diabetes research. Since founding the caucus in 1997, funding for diabetes has increased more than sixfold, from $319 million in 1997 to $2 billion in 2018, and that is only appropriate. We know treating and caring for older people with diabetes consumes approximately one out of three Medicare dollars, so this is a very expensive disease as well as one that causes a great deal of heartache and damage to those who are diagnosed with type 2 diabetes later in life. I have also worked very hard with the Juvenile Research Diabetes Foundation on type 1 diabetes, which is usually diagnosed in childhood and is a lifelong disease. 