Our bill has been included in the appropriations package now before this Chamber.  Let me begin my remarks this morning by thanking Chairman Shelby and Vice Chairman Leahy for their leadership in advancing these appropriations bills in record time. It is great to see the Senate getting back to regular order in moving the appropriations bills across the Senate floor, allowing for robust debate and amendment, and then bringing those bills to conference with our House counterparts. That is the way the system should work, as opposed to all of these bills being bundled together in an enormous, many thousand-page omnibus appropriations bill. I am very pleased to see the progress that we are making.  I also want to acknowledge the hard work and commitment of my friend and colleague Senator Jack Reed, who serves as the ranking member of the T-HUD Subcommittee. I have worked very closely with Senator Reed in drafting this bill. We have also received input from more than 70 Senators, with in excess of 800 requests, each of which we very carefully evaluated. So I can assure this Chamber that this legislation is truly bipartisan.  The T-HUD bill provides $71.4 billion for our Nation's critical infrastructure and housing programs. This bill continues the significant infrastructure investments provided in fiscal year 2018 for our Nation's highways, bridges, airports, transit, and rail networks. As a result, communities across this country will be able to improve their transportation infrastructure to enable more efficient and safer movement of people and goods. Improving our infrastructure is essential for our continued economic growth as well as for personal mobility.  The fiscal year 2019 T-HUD bill continues the increases for infrastructure programs resulting from the 2-year budget agreement that was reached by Congress and the administration. I would note, however, that the budget agreement does not provide for the long-term funding structure necessary for our Nation's transportation infrastructure. I want to strongly encourage the administration to work with the authorizing committees to provide that long-term, sustainable funding for transportation before the FAST Act expires at the end of fiscal year 2020.  Our bill provides $1 billion for BUILD grants, previously known as the popular TIGER grants program. These grants have supported not only much needed infrastructure projects but also jobs and economic growth in each and every one of our home States. I want to provide my colleagues with an indication of just how popular this program is and how strong the demand is.  In the 2017 round of TIGER grant applications, the Department of Transportation received 452 applications requesting more than $6 billion, well above the $500 million provided last year, which could fund only 41 projects. You can see that the demand far exceeds the amount of funding. So we are taking action in this bill to double the funding for BUILD grants. That will help many more projects become a reality. I have seen in my own State the investments in bridges, ports, and transportation projects that have made such a difference.  I would now like to turn to the aviation provisions in our bill. We provide $17.7 billion in budgetary resources for the Federal Aviation Administration, or the FAA, which fully funds air traffic control personnel, including more than 14,000 air traffic controllers and more than 25,000 engineers, maintenance technicians, safety inspectors, and operational support personnel. The bill also provides $1 billion for the FAA Next Generation Air Transportation Systems Program, also known as NextGen, and $168 million for the popular Contract Towers Program. The NextGen Program is so important to the modernization of our air traffic control system, and we have consistently funded that program, and it is being implemented in a way that is going to make a real difference.  Consistent with the FAST Act, $46 billion is made available for the Federal-Aid Highway Program from the highway trust fund. In addition, the bill provides $3.3 billion from the general fund for our Nation's highways, of which $800 million is for bridge replacement and rehabilitation in rural areas of our country.  The American Society of Civil Engineers conducts a comprehensive assessment of our Nation's infrastructure every 4 years. Its most recent report card from 2017 shows that America's infrastructure remains poor and in desperate need of investment. In fact, the engineers award a grade of only D-plus for our Nation's infrastructure.  To give you some statistics to emphasize why we are receiving such a low grade, let me talk about our Nation's bridges. One in nine of our Nation's bridges is rated as structurally deficient, and the average age of our country's more than 600,000 bridges is 42 years old. Our national highway system contains infrastructure that is now well past its useful life. Some bridges are more than 100 years old, and many are unable to accommodate today's traffic volumes.  I was recently in Piscataquis County, where a TIGER Grant Program was allowing the replacement of some very old rural bridges. The amount of rust on these bridges and the narrow width made them extraordinarily dangerous. They were at risk of being posted so that traffic could go across only in one direction. When you looked up at the trusses, you could see where trucks loaded with lumber had dented the trusses because they were far too low. They were built for a different era. It is important for safety reasons--as we have seen with bridges collapsing in this country or having to be posted--that we make this kind of investment.  Our bill also invests in our Nation's rail infrastructure by providing $2.8 billion for the Federal Railroad Administration. This includes $1.9 billion to Amtrak for the Northeast Corridor and National Network, continuing service for all current routes.  In May, our subcommittee held a hearing in response to serious rail accidents, such as the tragic derailment last December in Washington State. Our bill continues to fund positive train control implementation to improve the safety of our trains. In addition, the bill provides $255 million for the Consolidated Rail Infrastructure and Safety Improvement Grants Program and $300 million for the Federal-State partnership for the State of Good Repair Grants Program. These investments in rail will help ensure that both passengers and freight move more safely and efficiently throughout our country.  The State maritime academies play a critical role in training the next generation of U.S. mariners. Our bill provides $40 million for the maritime academies as well as an additional $300 million for a special purpose vessel to be used as a training school ship.  In accordance with MARAD's guidance, the new training ships will go to replace existing training ships in the order in which these ships are expected to reach the end of their useful life. That is the only logical way for us to proceed.  Last year, we appropriated funds to replace the 57-year-old ship used by the New York State maritime academy, and this year's funding will go to replace the Massachusetts Maritime Academy's aging vessel. Again, we are going in the order that the Maritime Administration tells us these ships will be at the end of their useful life.  It would be great to be able to replace all of the ships at the same time, but we simply can't afford to do that, and that is where prioritizing the ships as the agency recommends comes in. Replacing these ships is, however, important to providing training capacity for all six of the State maritime academies, including the one that I am very proud of, the Maine Maritime Academy in Castine, Maine. It will ensure that cadets receive the training hours they need to graduate on time and join the workforce.  In the area of housing, our priority is to ensure that our Nation's most vulnerable families and individuals do not lose the assistance they are now receiving, which prevents many of them from being at risk of homelessness. Therefore, the bill provides the necessary funding to keep pace with the rising costs of housing these families in order to avoid their becoming homeless. Much of the increased funding covers the higher costs of rental assistance for the most vulnerable among us, including our homeless veterans, our youth, our disabled citizens, and low-income seniors.  Senator Reed and I share a strong commitment to reducing, and someday ending, homelessness. We have therefore included $2.6 billion for homeless assistance grants. We have also made critical investments to reduce homelessness among our veterans, our youth, and survivors of domestic violence. Specifically, to assist our homeless youth, we have provided $80 million for grants targeting this underserved population.  I visited a wonderful youth shelter in Lewiston, ME, called New Beginnings. I was so impressed with the work they were doing with teenagers, in particular, many of whom had been exiled from their homes--as much as I hate to say it--or abused or otherwise found themselves homeless. Because of the safety of this shelter, they were continuing their schooling, they were learning life skills, and they were safe. Yet, I will tell you, this is the only shelter in the State of Maine that is devoted solely to the needs of homeless youth.  There is such a need in this country. There are other shelters that try to accommodate young people in the State of Maine and are doing their best, but this is an area where we need to provide more assistance.  To better support youth who are exiting the foster care system, the bill includes $20 million for family unification vouchers. That is the real gap in our system. What happens--and I know that many Members share my concern--is young people ``age out'' of the foster care program, and they may have nowhere safe to go.  For our Nation's senior population, many of our seniors receive section 8 housing, but our bill also includes $678 million for housing for older Americans. Of this amount, $10 million will provide grants to nonprofit and State and local entities to do home modifications for low-income seniors, enabling them to stay in their own homes and to age in place.  I am very excited about this program because of hearings I have held in the Senate Aging Committee, which I am privileged to chair. What we have learned is, oftentimes, upgrading and putting grab bars in a bathroom, widening door openings, putting sensors on the refrigerator door--doing modifications like that can allow our seniors to stay where they want to be, in the comfort, security, and privacy of their own homes. Not only will these low-cost home modifications enable seniors to remain in their homes, but they also reduce the need for more costly nursing homes and other assisted housing options.  For our Nation's homeless veterans, the bill provides $45 million for the highly successful HUD-VASH Program, including $5 million to serve our Native American veterans living on Tribal lands. Despite the administration, once again, proposing to eliminate this effective program, the subcommittee continues to provide adequate funding.  This program is a real success story. Since we initiated it in 2010, veterans homelessness has fallen by 46 percent. Let's continue our work to reach the goal of ending homelessness altogether among our veterans.  Another important issue--and a passion of our ranking member, Senator Reed, and I--that is addressed by the bill is lead paint in homes, which is ofparticular concern to families with children under the age of 6. Our bill provides $260 million to combat lead hazards. These grants will help communities protect children from the harmful effects of lead poisoning.  Again, I have seen this in my home State. Lewiston, ME, our second largest city, has very old housing stock, and it has a great deal of lead paint. Grants are helping this city deal with this problem, thus improving the health and safety of pregnant women and young children and avoiding disability and developmental problems for those young children.  These grants will help communities across America protect children from the harmful effects of lead poisoning. While our bill certainly helps vulnerable families, it also recognizes the challenges facing local communities. Boosting local communities is critical to job creation and helping our community neighborhoods thrive and our families obtain financial security.  The bill supports local development efforts by providing $3.3 billion through the Community Development Block Grant Program. That is one of the most popular programs we provide. If you talk to any mayor or town council, they will tell you how flexible the CDBG Program is and how, as the mayor in Maine with whom I recently met told me, it helps them customize the funding to meet the program needs of their communities. It may be infrastructure. It may be affordable housing. It may be sprucing up the downtown. It may be supporting local businesses. This is a great program. It is not a Washington dictated program. It is one that responds to local needs.  We also provide $1.4 billion for the HOME Program. The CDBG and the HOME Program support the development of infrastructure projects, community development, affordable housing, economic development, and job creation.  I appreciate the opportunity to present this legislation to the Chamber. As we begin debate on the Transportation-HUD bill, I urge my colleagues to support the investments in this bill, which will pay dividends to our communities, our veterans, our children, our low-income families, and our seniors. Our bill was unanimously reported by the Senate Appropriations Committee. We are certainly open for business for amendments.  I commend my friend and colleague Senator Reed for his hard work and for that of our staffs on both sides of the aisle in crafting this bill.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Young). The Senator from Rhode Island.  