Senators represent their State and, not surprisingly, they often reflect their State's heritage, traditions, and values.  The people of Missouri rightly prize their reputation as independent, straightforward, and trustworthy--qualities that define my friend, Senator Claire McCaskill.  To that, I add another quality that defines this accomplished leader from the Show Me State. Like her inspiration in public service, President Harry Truman, Senator McCaskill is feisty. In her two terms in the Senate, Senator McCaskill has demonstrated her belief that no one party holds a monopoly on good ideas. It has been such a pleasure to work with her across the aisle on so many issues. She was always the best of partners: strong, strategic, determined, and she got a lot done.  An issue that brought us together as leaders of the Senate Aging Committee was the extensive bipartisan investigation we launched in 2015 into the extreme spikes in the prices of many prescription drugs. The findings of our investigation were appalling, and the reform legislation we coauthored is producing results in spurring approval of lower cost generic drugs and increasing transparency in the pharmaceutical industry.  Our work together on drug pricing uncovered the gag clauses that industry uses that can prohibit your local pharmacists from telling consumers if their prescription would cost less if they paid for it out of pocket rather than using their insurance. The Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act that Senator McCaskill and I coauthored and that was signed into law this October ends this egregious practice, saving consumers money and improving healthcare.  We also investigated numerous financial scams that attempted to rob seniors of their hard-earned savings. Once again, working together, we were able to get a new law passed that tackled this serious issue as well. There is nobody in this body who is more talented at questioning individuals who came before our committee and were trying to shape the truth or deceive or distract than Claire McCaskill. She, as Senator Blunt mentioned, was always well-prepared; she was always insightful; and she was always tough.  I remember one hearing we had where the GAO was testifying before us, and sure enough, Claire had read the entire GAO report--not just the executive summary, the whole report. Thus, her questions were so penetrating that she brought out information that never would have surfaced in that hearing.  As Missouri State auditor, a prosecutor, and a Senator, Claire McCaskill has always been a champion for accountability, dedicated to rooting out waste, fraud, and abuse in government programs. She has always been determined to get to the truth and to get to the bottom of an issue. During the damaging shutdown of 2013, she stepped forward as a charter member of our Common Sense Coalition to help restore the faith of the American people and to reopen government.  I have worked so closely with Senator McCaskill during her entire time in the Senate, and I will miss her so much. She is a tough, no-nonsense leader, a dedicated public servant, and, most of all, a good friend.  Claire, I thank you for your public service, and I wish you, Joseph, and your family all the best in the years to come.  