Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to, as has been said, honor the memory of the men and women and children who lost their lives in the Oklahoma City bombing. Among killed, as has been said, were the seven employees of the Department of Agriculture agency called the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service. It is commonly known by its acronym as APHIS. As chairman of the House Committee on Agriculture, along with the committee's distinguished ranking member, Mr. de la Garza and the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Lucas, and other members of the committee and Members of the Oklahoma delegation, we gather here this evening to pay a special tribute to these seven employees and the families and friends that they leave behind.  Mr. Speaker, the decision to take this special order came from many members of the House Committee on Agriculture who wanted to pay their respects. As chairman of the committee, I wish to pay, however, a special tribute to a long-time employee of the Department of Agriculture, Mr. Carl Barnes, who was the Personnel Director for the department under Secretary of Agriculture Mr. Orville Freeman. Mr. Barnes served under several Presidents and continues to be an example and champion of public service. He also just happens to be a good neighbor and brought to my attention the article by Steve Twomey in the Washington Post entitled ``They walk, they talk, and they bleed.'' Mr. Twomey wrote his column following the tragedy in Oklahoma City, and I think it is fitting and appropriate that this article be brought to the attention of our colleagues and to everyone concerned, as it has been all too easy when people are unhappy with the way that our government works, or does not work, that we point a finger of blame at the hard working men and women who makeup our Federal work force.  Excerpts from his article include, ``To get there, you march down a long, gloomy, marble corridor, devoid of human touches. Doors slip by at an exact spacing and interval. Nothing distinguishes one office from the next, except small signs identifying the occupants and their titles. Yes, this fits. Cold is how the bureaucracy is supposed to look. It is tempting to imagine Federal gnomes in here dreaming up costly regulations, wasting forms in triplicate, and funding cost-plus contracts with your money, because that is what you imagine the Federal workers do. Your escort, and yes, while security is tight, walks you to room 312- [[Page H5568]] E, which is to say the third floor east of the administration building, the United States Department of Agriculture. It is an older but attractive building along the Mall that exudes government formality right down to the flower beds on Jefferson Drive.  What a sign hanging outside 312E: Administrator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service. You think it even sounds make-work. ``60 Minutes'' would love this office, which, naturally, has a government acronym, APHIS, pronounced A-fus.  You enter, and from an inner room emerges not a bureaucrat, not a GS-level, not an anonymous cog in the federal machine, but a human, who has a name and, at the moment, feelings so overwhelming you hesitate to ask about them.  Lonnie King, in dark suit and white shirt, a man of average build with graying hair but a youthful and pleasant face, has served APHIS for 17 of his 51 years, rising to acting administrator.  ``Here's a ribbon,'' he says, ``from Oklahoma City.''  He tosses a purple one on the table in front of you. He carried it home Sunday, after the memorial service. Does the public know what APHIS does? What the seven did?  ``No,'' King says. ``No.''  The 6,500 people who work for him can be found in every state and even overseas. The federal budget says they ``protect the animal and plant resources of the nation from destructive pests and diseases.'' They help farmers, monitor imports, do research. What that means for you is better, more abundant and cheaper food on the table, be it at home or in a restaurant. Before that Wednesday, King certainly knew that the reputation of The Federal Employee wasn't what it used to be.  ``We're not immune to the press and the TV,'' he says. Comedians, journalists and talk-show hosts have made mincemeat of the type, calling them wasteful, incompetent, dangerous. King took the contempt personally, because it clashed with his view, which was that he was surrounded by people who cared, who showed up every day, not for the paycheck, not to waste, but to serve.  ``Who thinks of us in those terms?'' he says, ``Is it that bad, that we're so hated? Could it happen here? Am I safe?''  In a way, the bombing also was an attack on this region, the capital region, on the 360,004 civilians here who do Uncle Sam's tasks. We often forget that they got those tasks from us, through Congress. It is we who have told them to provide clean air and water, stop the flow of drugs, help farmers, process Social Security checks, promote trade, protect workers and much more.  Do they perform flawlessly? Of course not. Who does?  The irony of the bombing, King says, is that the perpetrator benefited every day from what APHIS does, every time he ate. ``He was probably degrading the government with his mouth full,'' King says, ``and dumb enough not to understand.''  Yes, Linnie King is angry.  ``I'm not blaming anybody,'' King says, ``but I hope people will stop and think and ask themselves about what's being said.''  He leaves you with this.  Monday morning, with seven of their colleagues still buried in the rubble, two of three APHIS workers who survived went back to work in temporary offices.  Mr. Speaker, today special ceremonies were held by the Department in behalf of the service deceased employees. In keeping with these ceremonies, it is our privilege to honor each individual with a brief tribute.  Olen Bloomer is survived by his adult daughters, Maureen Bloomer and Lucretia Bjorklund; his son, Lee Switzer; four grandchildren, Amelia, Heather, Jeff, and Sara; and one great granddaughter, Dillon Ann. His memory will be cherished by seven siblings--Ester Willis, Elwanda McComas, Merle Easter, Erdene Jones, Doyle Blommer, Dean Bloomer, and Dennis Blommer. He was preceded in death by his wife of 26 years, Norma Jean, who passed away in 1990.  Olen was born in Elk City, Oklahoma, in 1933, and spent his youth working on his father's cotton farm near the Beckham-Washita county line. A few years after graduating from Highway High School, Olen joined the U.S. Air Force, where he served in a number of locations, including Thailand. His work in the Air Force focused on purchasing and inventory management. He retired in 1974 after 20 years of service.  Olen went back to work for the Federal government in 1977, this time for APHIS. Olen began this second career at the screwworm rearing lab in Mission, Texas. He was subsequently reassigned to Salt Lake City, Utah, where he worked for 5 years as an administrative assistant. He was serving as the budget assistant for Oklahoma at the time of his death.  Olen labored to keep the agency's budget trim and in order and was admired by the staff he supported for his ability to stay cool under pressure and cut through the bureaucratic red tape when emergencies struck. He was always willing to help and volunteered ably at troubleshooting computer problems. His grandchildren called him ``Big Dad,'' not only out of deference to his 6-foot, 6-inch stature, but to distinguish him from their fathers. He was a true gentle giant and will be sorely missed by many.  Mr. de la GARZA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my distinguished colleague the gentleman from Oklahoma.  