Chairman, I was very interested in number 16 or 17 in that list. It was an effort by the EPA to control something called rural fugitive dust, rural fugitive dust. So we called down to the EPA and said what on Earth are we talking about and we could not get an answer. It was one of those things where you call one person after another person after another person. Obviously, with the interstate amendment that the gentleman has proposed, rural fugitive dust would go from one State to another.  [[Page H444]] We finally reached somebody who was able to explain it to me, and I said what is the problem. She indicated to me, ``Well, Congressman, you've got a lot of rural dust out there and it is dangerous to your health.'' I said, ``You're telling me that and I am from western Kansas.'' She said, ``Yes, sir.'' I said, ``Well, what do you plan on doing about it?'' ``Well, we can simply mandate that water trucks go out in the morning and afternoon and spray the country roads, and then you won't have the rural fugitive dust.''  This person was serious. If Members do not think that that mandate was a little specious or a little silly, we have mandates like that. What on Earth would the Towns amendment do in regards to preventing us from exposing this kind of ridiculous mandate to force many of our communities to get in water trucks and spray every rural road in Kansas? That is ridiculous.  If in fact this whole entire effort is vague according to the other side who is opposed to this, my word, the gentleman's amendment is as vague and as wide as a barn door.  I urge the defeat of the gentleman's amendment. We should proceed. We should not pass this exemption. This is a killer amendment, and in case if in fact there is any State that is worried about a very pristine and marvelous lake or area or whatever we are trying to protect, all we have to do is come to the floor like we are doing today, debate the issue, waive the point of order, and protect it. All we are asking for is a debate.  So, in that regard I respect the gentleman. I think his amendment should be defeated, and I think we should proceed, especially at this late hour.  