Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I would like to also take this opportunity to congratulate my friend and colleague, the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Walsh], and also especially my good friend and former colleague Secretary Glickman, for their hard work and statesmanship, I think, in resolving this very complex problem. This agreement in part grew out of a meeting between Secretary Glickman, the former chairman and current distinguished ranking minority member of the House Committee on Agriculture, the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. de la Garza], the current chairman of the appropriate subcommittee that will be bringing a meat inspection, a food safety inspection bill to the floor, the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Gunderson], the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Volkmer], and probably the godfather of all meat inspection legislation in regards to sound science, the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Stenholm], and myself.  I would like to thank each of these individuals for really coming together in a bipartisan spirit to underscore the importance of restoring really some credibility to the rulemaking process.  By doing so, I think it is obvious we have averted what had been a very divisive debate on meat inspection policy. I think that really food safety goals are better served by careful, reasoned discussion than by real emotional rhetoric. It is understandable but I think this process certainly is preferable.  Secretary Glickman has assured Mr. Walsh that he will personally take control of the rulemaking process for the Mega Reg. Secretary Glickman has also pledged that he will ensure all stakeholders, as has been indicated, consumers, small and large processors, scientists, inspector unions and producers, all now will have an opportunity to really participate in developing a balanced and workable inspection regulation.  Our problem is not that we have too little inspection and also regulation. Our problem is that we have the wrong kind. We do not need some more additional regulatory burdens. We need a sound-science, risk-based system.  So, again, I want to really credit the Secretary and I also want to thank the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Gunderson] who will be bringing to the committee and to the floor a total comprehensive food safety plan. We are talking about meat. We are talking about poultry. And we are talking about seafood. So your House Committee on Agriculture will address this. It will be commensurate with the rulemaking process of the Secretary of Agriculture.  