Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, can we please end the class warfare argument or discussion or partisan exchange and get to food stamp reform? We have had a lot of discussion about school lunches, which is not even part of this debate, we are talking about food stamps. We have had a lot of talk about the food costs and how we cannot really match the food costs.  Only in Washington is a 2 percent increase considered a cut. If food prices go down, food stamps, benefits, will go up 2 percent. It happened in 1990. If the food costs go up, and nobody can predict that, other than the gentleman from Texas Dick Armey the self-declared Assistant Secretary of Agriculture in this body, but if food costs would go up we will appropriate the money with a supplemental, so that deals with the problem of food costs.  Quality control, it is out of control. It is over 8.5 percent. The Panetta plan reduces it back in terms of quality control to 6 percent. That is in part how we control these costs.  Somebody mentioned the WIC program. We are not discussing WIC here. There is $25 million sitting there in the account of WIC. It was cut $25 million. We had $50 million, it is down to $25 million. They have to advertise on the radio to get more participants. It is a good program, by the way.  Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from North Dakota said that some school child in North Dakota was going to go hungry because of school lunches. The Chairman of the Committee on Economic and Educational Opportunities has informed this Member $1 million more next year than last year. We will cut the paperwork and the administration and we will give the money to that very hungry child.  Let us really talk about food stamp reform. In 1985, 19.9 million people were on food stamps. It went up to 20 million in 1990, 22.6 in 1991, 25.4 in 1992, and in 1993, 27.3. When the economy goes down, the food stamps, that expenditure goes up. When the economy goes up, food stamp expenditures go up. We simply want to control the growth of the program. We will address the needs, if in fact they are needed.  The opportunity of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Deal] is a deal but it is not the best deal. We should be supporting this bill.  