Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, again I want to say that I am rising in reluctant opposition to the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana. The intent of the amendment is to move immediately in regard to block grants to the States. The intent of the amendment is good. The bill as passed by the committee gives us the opportunity to do that once States can demonstrate they meet the criteria of an EBT program. So we are not at odds. It is merely a timing issue.  I would also like to add, in a calmer tone, that this perception that somehow the Committee on Agriculture did not address true food stamp reform is simply not accurate. I would like to stress again that no farm organization, no commodity group, no lobbyists in regard to the food chain, no one in the agriculture community, that I am aware, called the chairman in reference to changing any policy in regards to food stamp reform, whether it be a block grant or not.  The decision reached by the committee was reached by determining serious policy options: Will it work, can we achieve the reform, can it be done in a timely basis.  Now, I understand the blood pressure around this place in regards to the marching orders and the deadlines that have been suggested, not only with welfare reform but the entire Contract With America. There is nothing in the Contract With America, by the way, that specifies that block grants of cash be given to States. We are attempting, and I think we are actually achieving, true reform.  Now, my good friend from Texas, the chairman emeritus of the House Committee on Agriculture, and others on the minority side, have characterized the food stamp reforms as something that we have done in regards to saving money to pay for tax cuts. We had this discussion all during our committee markup, and I want to repeat what I said then: The food stamp provisions of H.R. 4 in title IV are for the purpose of badly needed reforms. These reforms  [[Page H3616]] are to achieve policy changes, not to cut spending to pay for taxes.  The Committee on Agriculture held extensive hearings, and let me just read again the provisions that are contained in this reform package. I want all sides to listen to this. I want all of the folks who have been so vocal on that side in regard to the tax cuts and all the Robin Hood statements that we have had in that regard, and I want everybody on this side over here who claims instant purity in regards to whatever this legislation should or should not be.  We increase the penalties and procedures to curb the more than $3 billion annually that is lost to waste, fraud, and abuse. We have not done that for years. We are doing it now. We are harmonizing the welfare reform in regards to AFDC and food stamp programs so that States can provide a more efficient one-stop service. Not only for the taxpayer, but for the user.  In regards to the recipient, we have a promotion of real private sector work by requiring able-bodied individuals between 18 and 50 years of age who have no dependents must work at least part-time now to be eligible for food stamps, called workfare, jobfare. It promotes the adoption of a new and more efficient technology within something called the electronic benefit transfer system.  Finally, it takes the program off of autopilot that it has been on for years and years and years and years, to regain the control of the ballooning costs. This thing started about $1 million back in 1961. Four years later, we were up to $60 million. I remember the former chairman of the House Committee on Agriculture, Bob Poage said, ``You know, sometimes this is going to get to be expensive. We are going to get to real money here.''  Ten years later, $4.6 billion. Today, $27 billion, in terms of cost. Ten years ago, 19.9 million people. Today, 27.3 million people. The economy went up, these costs went up, automatically. The economy went down, and that is the time the Food Stamp Program should work. Why, of course they continued to go up.  So we have restored, as far as I am concerned, the congressional responsibility to at least come in and take a look at this with a 2-percent increase every year, and with real reform, as suggested by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Emerson], in terms of adding $100 million in terms of the feeding programs to the homeless and the soup kitchens all around the country. Under these reforms there will be no more uncontrolled growth in costs. If there is a future need for funding, Congress will do its job, we will step up to that responsibility. No child will go hungry.  So I think it a good reform package.  