Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  The gentleman from California just made an allegory, made a statement that this is a dangerous liaison. It is not that. It is a partnership effort to prevent close encounters of the regulatory kind.  This is a good bill. For 15 years we have tried to get a bill like this making a partnership with industry, agriculture, environmentalists. Fifteen years we have been spinning our wheels. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your leadership in finally bringing a good bill to the floor of the House.  I want to talk about wetlands. The gentleman from Ohio just made a rather graphic reference to what the problem has been. It is true. We have now a well established procedure that says the land must be flooded if it is going to be a wetland. It must support water loving plants, and it must have hydric soils. The land must show clear evidence of all three characteristics.  Too long, too long we have been subjected to regulatory nightmares where a low spot in some farmer's field was declared a wetland in an area where no self-respecting duck would ever land. Let us end this business.  Let us pass this bill. It is a good partnership. I commend the chairman. I commend his leadership. No member of the Committee on Agriculture on either side should vote against this bill. It is a very good reform bill.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 961, the Clean Water Amendments of 1995, as reported by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure.  As the Transportation Committee noted in its report, the Clean Water Act was last amended in 1987 and most of its authorizations expired in 1991. Because past Congresses could not get a bill out of either committee, our Nation's water quality programs have suffered. And, more importantly, Federal regulators have been allowed to run amok on private lands, entangling farmers, ranchers and other American businesses in unlegislated, prescriptive regulation. It is time to tell the regulators what the policy will be and follow up the enactment of this bill with vigorous oversight.  This bill sets sound policy for nonpoint pollution protection of the Nation's waters and amends Section 404 for a commonsense approach to the conservation of wetlands. Farmers and ranchers will find this policy to be both understandable, reasonable--and with proper implementation, very workable for American agriculture.  I want to emphasize two important parts of this bill that make it essential policy for the future of American agriculture: amendments to section 319 dealing with nonpoint source programs and title VIII amendments that rewrite section 404 provisions dealing with wetlands.  State water quality programs under section 319 of the bill are to be developed using voluntary, incentive-based standards that are likely to be achieved within the 15-year timetable set out in the bill. The amendments fully express the committee's correct understanding that the way to achieve water quality standards is not through command-and-control regulations, but by adopting policies that are possible, and timeliness and deadlines that make sense.  To the extent agriculture is responsible for nonpoint source discharges, the committee rightly chose to avoid the top-down approach to regulation. We cannot regulate nonpoint sources as if pollution was coming from the end of a pipe. In addition, the bill includes section 6217 of the Coastal Zone Management Act within section 319, ending a duplicative regulatory regime for agricultural producers in coastal areas.  I would caution Members about one provision that admittedly has caused me some concerns--concerns the Agriculture Committee may want to address once this bill is law and the 1995 farm bill has been enacted. That provision gives authority for the chief of the Natural Resources Conservation Service at the U.S. Department of Agriculture to enter into written agreements with States as they develop their section 319 water quality programs. The incentive for such an agreement would be to give agricultural producers the assurance that they are in compliance with the Clean Water Act. But, the problem is how the agreement may be written.  Frankly, farmers and ranchers have not been well served by a similar agreement on wetlands that was hailed by the Clinton administration as the end of controversy on the regulation of wetlands under both the Clean Water Act and the 1985 Food Security Act. We were told under this agreement farmers would no longer be subject to successive visits by Federal bureaucrats. There would be a final outcome on wetland determinations on the ground. Unfortunately, the members of the Agriculture Committee took this announcement on good faith. That faith has been sorely abused. The same kind of regulatory abuse is possible here. The Agriculture Committee intends to watch this closely.  The wetlands provisions of this bill are redesigned to finally end the abuse of farmers, ranchers, and other landowners. Title VIII is sound policy. It is derived from H.R. 1330, a bill introduced by the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Hayes] to restore sanity to our national wetlands policy. It recognizes there are different functions and values of wetlands and allows for a ``type C'' wetlands classification that will be left outside of Federal jurisdiction.  The Chairman's amendment to be offered today eliminates the concept that land no longer meeting wetland criteria can be classified a prior converted wetland, serving limited wetland functions. A prior converted cropland, one that was drained or filled prior to December 1985, no longer exhibits wetland characteristics--and, should be in law and regulation considered as an upland. These agricultural bottomlands, many of which have been dry for a generation or more, are not wetlands.  However, under current law, regulators look at prior converted croplands as just another parcel of private property they control through regulatory fiat which means more regulation, more hassles for the landowner, but no significant gains are realized for the environment. I want to make certain this is clear: prior converted croplands are not wetlands. Under this bill, they fall outside of Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act.  The delineation procedures established under the committee-reported bill will make sense to farmers and ranchers. The land must be flooded. It must support water-loving plants. It must have hydric soils. The land must show clear evidence of all three characteristics.  Finally, Mr. Chairman, farmed wetlands and other agricultural lands determined to be exempt from subtitle C of the 1985 Food Security Act shall be exempt from the Clean Water Act so long as those lands are used for agricultural purposes.  To my colleagues, I say this is good, positive legislation. It protects the wetlands the public believes need protection; it, hopefully, will keep the bureaucrats off private property at least for the purposes of the Clean Water Act. It will bring to an end nearly a decade of abusive, over-reaching regulation. I urge its enactment.  