Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his question, and I thank my longtime friend and colleague from New Mexico for the opportunity to really discuss this problem.  Let me say that I would like to associate myself with the remarks from the distinguished gentleman from Illinois in regard to the accolades that are due to the gentleman from New Mexico. They are not loose, as he has described. There is a snug-fit accolade that is well deserved on the floor of the House. The gentleman from New Mexico should wear it proudly.  Let me begin by saying how much the members of the authorizing committee appreciate the hard work that the gentleman and the members of his subcommittee and staff have really put into fashioning this very, very difficult bill. We have worked very closely with him to develop the legislation on the floor today, and this bill has our support.  However, it would be unfortunate if the hard work he has done to really create a good bill was overshadowed by some amendments that are really inappropriate. I do share the concern that this bill should not be the vehicle to take up major farm policy debates. The Committee on Agriculture will be bringing a major and comprehensive reauthorization of all farm programs to the floor later this year.  During the course of committee consideration of the farm bill, we will be considering major changes of all the programs addressed by the amendments that are proposed here today. The difference is that in the farm bill these changes can be considered, in the context of the total policy package that will provide long-term coherent framework for the farm and rural sector. The Committee on Agriculture encourages all Members of the House to bring their concerns to us and work with us as we mark up the farm bill.  Let me repeat that: To every Member who has a concern about agriculture program policy, to all watching in their offices and all the staff that may be watching, the committee encourages all Members of the House to bring their concerns to us and work with us as we mark up the farm bill. Bring them to me or bring them to the former chairman and the distinguished ranking member, the gentleman from Texas [Mr. de la Garza].  Let me assure the Members with interest in specific policy changes that, if the farm bill we bring to the floor does not satisfy the Members' policy concerns, there will be an opportunity for any Member to bring those concerns before the House at that time.  The gentleman from Texas [Mr. de la Garza] shares in that concern and also shares in regard to that policy opportunity.  Today we need to get down to the serious business of appropriating funds for rural America in the fiscal year of 1996. Issues concerning farm policy for the rest of this century should be deferred until the authorizing committee brings the farm bill to the floor. That will be in September.  I urge my colleagues to withhold their amendments until the Committee on Agriculture has had time to consider the issues individually. This is not the appropriate time or place for authorizing amendments.  