Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hostettler] does provide that the Food Stamp Program will be block granted to the States. I rise in reluctant opposition.  The committee considered several policy options as we were considering food stamp reform, and in contacting the Governors of the States and the National Governors' Conference, not to mention many experts in the field, the first policy option that we considered was that of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hostettler]. However the Republican leadership, along with the committee leadership, made the determination that the Food Stamp Program should remain at the Federal level as a safety net during the transition period while States begin to reform the entire welfare programs, and the committee strongly believes that the intent of the gentleman is very good, but that the Food Stamp Program should be reformed. After all, it  [[Page H3614]] is our responsibility before it is converted into, into a block grant.  Fraud and trafficking, as we have heard, are serious problems in the program. We do have significant reforms, and they are bipartisan, and States will have the responsibility to institute reforms of the AFDC program and other State programs. They will be harmonized, and, while this is going on, we think it is important that there be a food program for needy families.  We have a provision allowing States that have implemented the EBT system that has been much discussed in this debate on a statewide basis to administer the Food Stamp Program in a block grant. Therefore States can have a block grant for food stamps, as the gentleman desires, if they have taken steps to reduce fraud and if they have really started to implement an efficient system to issue the food benefits. The EBT block grant in H.R. 4 says that food benefits can only be used for food. The Hostettler amendment will allow States to issue food benefits and cash. The gentleman has a very innovative amendment. It was a good amendment. This is a very sharp departure from our current practice. Food stamps should be used only for food. Under that amendment what has been food benefits can be used for any item.  My opposition to this amendment does not mean there will never be any block grant for the food stamp program, quite the contrary, but the Committee on Agriculture will continue its oversight of the program, monitor the State's progress of AFDC and other block grants.  Mr. de la GARZA. Mr. Chairman, will the gentleman yield?  