Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding the time. I would like to engage in a colloquy that is very important to the agricultural sector and would ask the distinguished chairman the following question: In the chairman's en bloc amendment that was agreed to earlier there is a section beginning on line 20, page 284, that grandfathers wetlands delineations made by the Secretary of Agriculture under the 1985 Food Security Act--1985 FS Act--as amended, if those delineations were administratively final upon enactment of this legislation. I appreciate the Transportation Committee's willingness to amend the committee bill as reported to incorporate this provision in the law. It is very important to American farmers and ranchers; however, I note that there appears to be a difference between the term ``delineation'' as used in the clean water amendments and the term as used in the Food Security Act of 1985.  Under the terms of the 1985 Food Security Act, as first enacted, the term ``delineation'' was not used. However, in the period 1986 through 1990 several thousand administrative determinations were made by the Secretary exempting persons from the program ineligibility provisions of section 1221 of the Food Security Act of 1985. In the 1990 amendments to section 1222 of the Food Security Act of 1985, made by the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990--FACT Act of 1990--the concept of delineation was first introduced in the Food Security Act. The Secretary of Agriculture under section 122 amended by the FACT Act of 1990 included an on-site visit to make a delineation determination, if the landowner requests such an on-site visit.  In addition, section 1222(a)(4) of the 1985 Food Security Act requires the Secretary to provide a process for the periodic review and update of the delineations, but a landowner may not be adversely affected by any actions the owner may have taken based on an earlier wetland determination made by the Secretary of Agriculture.  Chairman Shuster, I assume it was your intent by grandfathering delineations of the Secretary of Agriculture that were final upon enactment of this bill to mean that administrative determinations made by the Secretary of Agriculture under the Food Security Act would also be grandfathered. In other words, the term delineation as used in the clean water amendments of 1995 is meant to include the administrative finality of determinations as that term is used in section 1222 of the 1985 Food Security Act, as amended.  Mr. Shuster. If the gentleman will yield, I would answer by saying that he is correct, the committee intends for a wetland delineation made under the Clean Water Act as we are amending it today would provide finality of determinations made by the Secretary of Agriculture under the Food Security Act.  