Chairman, I am not going to raise a point of order. I will not raise a point of order. I will simply, for discussion purposes, proceed.  I think the House can understand what is apparent here. We have no way of knowing how this is going to be enforced. It is a simple attempt here that the only option the secretary has in this regard, and I am talking about Secretary Glickman, a former friend and colleague of us all, is to somehow sit back and let the information in regard to all farm income simply come to him.  Now, maybe a farmer, in a fit of taxpayer-induced guilt, will walk into the secretary's office with a certified copy of his tax return and tell Secretary Glickman that he makes more than $100,000 off the farm and please request that the secretary now pay him. However, barring this kind of situation, this amendment will be, because the secretary cannot, I repeat, cannot, deny any farm program payments for which a producer is eligible under current law without making some kind of active determination that some producers off-farm income exceeds the $100,000.  In other words, passively waiting for off-farm income information to come floating into his office is not a basis for denying payments that the courts, the courts will find acceptable when the secretary begins denying payments to producers.  Let me also say that other than the point of order concern and that there are no marching orders whatsoever on how this is going to be implemented and that every farmer in America, the 98.3 percent who do not make anything close to $100,000, will have to fill out forms and paperwork if this is administered, and the gentlewoman is careful to say that she will not do that, think of the forms and the regulations that everybody is going to have to put up with.  Now, there are several other reasons why this is not a good idea.  Mr. Chairman, the real victims here are not the people that have been pilloried simply because they have off-farm income, the doctors, the lawyers, the Sam Donaldsons. Lord knows, I do not care if Sam Donaldson gets a farm program payment. It is the tenant. The tenant will lose their lease. The tenant will be forced to go to cash rent because the landowner will not continue with crop share.  This amendment will hurt the very people that we are supposed to be helping. Every farmer in the country, if this is implemented, is going to have to deal with the IRS in some form; 1.7 of America's farmers are in this category.  I can tell you if they have off-farm income in excess of $100,000, this will be the lawyer and CPA full employment act of 1995. They will separate out that income, and it will not achieve what is intended. We will not have the savings.  Mr. Chairman, I will not raise a point of order. I thank the gentlewoman. I respect the gentlewoman. I urge a no vote on the gentlewoman's amendment.  