Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Chairman, there is no paranoia here and in the remarks that I want to make, no code words, no hint of violence; it is just straight facts. And the straight facts are these: The House defeated this amendment last week as part of a substitute to the committee bill. It should be defeated in regard to this time around as well.  This amendment does nothing to solve the problems farmers and ranchers are having as they attempt to go about their daily lives, subject to the constant hassle, and that is a real word, of Federal wetlands regulators.  The problem with this amendment is this: It keeps the 1987 Army corps manual. That manual is the big part of the whole problem. It continues in effect something called a memorandum of agreement between the Department of Agriculture, the EPA, the Fish and Wildlife Service and the corps. Too many agencies in the wetlands soup. And that document is the source of a lot of possible mischief, even though the President and the administration has hailed it as the problem solver for farmers and ranchers.  I think it is time to understand that conserving wetlands is the goal. That is the goal, not conserving Federal rules and regulations.  The Boehlert amendment expands the permitting program with monitoring and tracking systems. It sets up all sorts of coordinating committees and ecosystem restoration programs. We have already seen the first hints of ecosystem management in the proposed regulations that were published by the Forest Service. Nobody knows what an ecosystem is, much less how one should be managed.  The gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Tauzin] last week pointed out to Members that the new definition of dredging and filling contained in the amendment would make cutting grasslands on a wet spot to be a violation of the Clean Water Act. That is exactly the kind of problem we have had before.  Now, under the Boehlert amendment the regulators, the corps, the EPA, the Fish and Wildlife Service and the Natural Resource Conservation Service at the USDA, the old SGS, we changed the name, they would be given carte blanche authority to develop supplemental delineation standards for different regions of the country, add to plant and soil lists and supplement hydrology standards. This will all be done through the regulatory process. The same manual, the same regulatory process, the same hassle, and the same problem for ranchers and farmers. What is needed is a clear policy of where the Congress wants the regulators to take the wetlands legislation.  Mr. Chairman, I urge the defeat of the Boehlert amendment.  