Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, it is always interesting to note in a debate when somebody starts to pillory another individual, when they do not know anything about the other individual.  The new inspector general of the Department of Agriculture is Roger Viadero. He has been on board for 4 months. He is the gentleman who took the tape and provided the House Committee on Agriculture the first hearing on fraud and abuse in years and years and years. It was the 1st of February.  Prior to 4 months ago, he spent a career in the FBI and as a street cop; street, street, I would tell the gentleman from Colorado [Mr. McInnis] and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Traficant], he was a street cop. He knows full well what will happen in regard to this particular effort.  Let me remind the gentleman that an EBT card is not an ID card. I hope nobody around here is voting with an EBT card. It is not a driver's license. It is not a bank card. In addition to that, Mr. Chairman, in terms of the inspector general's advice, and he is in charge of it, he has indicated that it will not stop the trafficking that my colleagues hope would take place.  If you have an EBT card and you cheat, you have to have a willing participant on the other side. It will take more time for States to meet the criteria of an EBT system to provide an audit trail to stop fraud if we put a picture on the EBT card.  If we require it, it is an unfunded mandate. States will have to pay half of the cost. In addition, the gentleman's amendment is structured, and he cannot amend it, according to the rule, that the entire family has to be on the card. What do we do with a 10-member family, or 9 or 8 or 7 or 6? The picture would have to be larger than the card.  This does not serve any practical, useful purpose. It may send a message in terms of perception, but in terms of food stamp program reform and stopping crime and fraud, we should not use perception, we should use the best advice of a street cop, an FBI expert, and a gentleman who has come to the inspector general's office after it has been absent. The administration did not fill that position for the better part of 2 years.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  