 Mr. Speaker, I am out of breath. This is one of these I had not intended to speak but was viewing the proceedings on the floor and overheard the concern that was voiced by the distinguished gentleman from Wisconsin in regards to meat inspection and the rule that pertains to this issue.  As I catch my breath, I would like to inform the gentleman from Wisconsin that we held a meeting, a very important meeting, in this regard with Secretary Glickman of the Department of Agriculture. By we, I mean the distinguished ranking member, the chairman emeritus, if I can use that term, of the Committee on Agriculture, the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Stenholm], who has been extremely active in regards to meat inspection and this subject; the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Volkmer] who is the ranking member of the appropriate subcommittee; and the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Gunderson], the chairman of the subcommittee.  We will be doing, regardless of what happens on the proposed rulemaking, a bill, or legislation as it applies to meat inspection, not only in regards to meat but fish and also poultry.  The gentleman from New York who is not present and can speak for himself in regards to his amendment simply proposed that there would be some kind of rulemaking to make sure that there would be an open process as we arrive at the proposed rules that make sense to guarantee food safety and the safety of our meat supply.  In meeting with Secretary Glickman, those of us who serve on the Committee on Agriculture expressed some concern with the proposed rulemaking. By that, I mean there are now two proposals: One involves the current regulations in regards to food safety and how the USDA conducts its meat inspection, which quite frankly in my personal opinion is not based entirely on sound science, it is very complex, it is very burdensome, and it is very costly.  Then we have this new proposal called HACCP. That is the hazard analysis control point. That is the better system. That is a system that we have all proposed in the Committee on Agriculture and all throughout agriculture to try to use sound science to guarantee the safety of our meat and to address the tragedy that happened in the Northwest in regards to E. coli.  The problem is that we cannot layer the two together without really getting to a real problem. The problem is the small meat locker industry and the meat processing industry, according to their concerns, have not been part of the process.  The problem is in regards to sound science again, we have some concerns that a better approach might be used. Then we have a small business concern where a lot of small meat lockers might be put out of business. That is a very real concern in farm country.  So we met with the Secretary. I have here a draft of a letter that the committee gave to the Secretary and the Secretary is working on it. He has another draft. It was supposed to be back at about 4:30.  I think that if we reach an agreement with Secretary Glickman, and I have talked this over with the gentleman from New York [Mr. Walsh], that if there is an open process and if we can guarantee at least the future of the small meat locker industry, and if we can use sound science approaches, and if the cowboys and all the livestock producers and the meat processors and the meat industry can be saying, ``We are part of this process, we can sit at the table,'' and if in fact we can make sure in the layering of this process that we do not get into more red tape and regulations and a lot of perception but very little protection for the American consumer, I think we can work this out.  I would say to the gentleman that there is a process ongoing and hopefully in working with Secretary Glickman and the Committee on Agriculture, I think we can find an answer. It may be that the gentleman from New York at that particular time, who is part of the process, can simply withdraw his amendment, and we can all declare victory and we can all reach a product that we could agree upon.  