Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman and my colleagues, I rise to express my concern and my sense of frustration in regard to the procedure that is now being followed in reference to this debate, and I rise as the cochairman of the Unfunded Mandates Caucus. I am not a member of the committee of jurisdiction, but I rise with a deep-seated feeling that a great majority in this House wants to finish this bill, and I would hope that we could do that.  So, in discussing this matter, Mr. Chairman, I wanted to bring to the attention of my colleagues a draft memo that came to my office last January 11. It says, ``From the Democrat leadership'': You may want to change your faxes. It says, ``First and foremost, our actions and statements must comport with and amplify our overall thematic characterizations of the Republican legislative agenda and congressional management. The arrogance and unfairness of the Republican approach during the markup has led to a shoddy product and one that may (though not all)'' not all of your caucus, ``and the members of our caucus believe contains unfair and unsound policies.  ``Anger and consternation about this procedural abuse should be restated repeatedly, ``--and goodness knows my colleagues have done that--'' in the days leading up to the floor action by the leadership, using letters to the Speaker and complaining about the mistreatment of the minority, press conferences and discussions with key press people, floor statements, 1-minutes, op-eds, and other communications and techniques.''  Mr. Chairman, I know my colleagues' concerns. I know they are concerned about a gag rule and fairness. Lord knows I have been concerned during my tenure when I have been a member of the minority, more especially as a member of the House Administration Committee. I remember times when we were ruled out of order and we could not even speak. I remember one time when the doors were locked and we could not even get in to conduct a hearing.  All of the debate, as of right now, is on establishing the purpose and the scope of the bill. Thirty amendments remain. Even if my colleagues do not offer amendments in the second degree, that is 5 hours of debate, 7\1/2\ hours of voting.  Now how long is long? We have not got to title I. That is the commission. That is where we go back over existing unfunded mandates and we take care of that, and that deserves debate.  Now title II is the regulatory section. Title III is the point of order section. We have not even got there yet.  The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Borski] has an amendment pending on clean water. We have eight. That is between seven and nine, eight amendments on clean water. The first amendment by Mr. Taylor was on clean water.  Now, Mr. Chairman, to date we have had 5 days, including 1 day of general debate, 20 hours, 168 amendments have been proposed, 16 amendments have [[Page H856]] been considered, and 2 amendments have been passed.  We need to settle this bill. The delay, the crisis, is throughout this country in regard to the city councils, and the school boards, and every business and every farm, every entity that we have out there suffering from unfunded mandates. The Senate has passed the bill, and I must tell my colleagues, which I share their concern about minority rights and the gag rule--my word, people: 30 more amendments, 7\1/2\ hours of voting, 5 hours and we are not even to the 3 titles. How long is long?  With all due respect, with all due respect, and I mean this very sincerely, people crawl out of train wrecks faster than you people consider bills.  