 Everyone understands, on a bipartisan basis, I say to the distinguished Senator from Montana, that we are not in very good shape with regard to farm country. It does not matter if you have been hit by hurricane, flood, or record-breaking drought.  Last spring, I warned this is exactly what would happen because the current farm bill was structured to provide assistance to producers when they had a crop, but left them dangling in the Kansas, Wyoming, Nebraska, and Montana wind when there was no crop to harvest, not to mention other parts of the country suffering these kind of weather disasters.  It seems to me, and maybe I took it a little personal, we will not get into partisanship because we have to accomplish some degree of relief, but I was criticized on the floor of the Senate last spring. They said I didn't know anything about agriculture because producers with high prices are just fine and need no Government assistance.  Well, as everyone here knows, with the wheat, sorghum, corn, and soybean prices have experienced the highest levels in the last few years, but like most of the producers in Kansas or throughout the Great Plains or in other sections of the country, it does not do much good if all the producer had to harvest was a dust cloud. Prices are high because the drought cut production and supply.  What are we going to do about this? We heard that we have one approach that is $6 billion. I question that, really. Not in regard to the intent of the distinguished Senators who brought it forward, but if my second-degree amendment to the $6 billion bill as of last year was $2.9 billion, an amendment that was not allowed because of some parliamentary maneuvers, now costs $4.03 billion, I have to assume that the $6 billion is probably closer to $7 billion or $8 billion.  But that is not really the issue. The issue is the chairman of the Agriculture Committee really brought forth this amendment and worked with many of us to ensure that we are directing the bulk of assistance to those areas that have actually experienced the crop losses in recent years.  This past year in Kansas, we have really gone through a very difficult time. Kansas State University estimates the crop losses in the State at over $1 billion. Thankfully, these have been partially offset by $406 million in crop insurance indemnity payments. That is the other half of the equation, and yes we had to improve the crop insurance program in 2000 but thank goodness for that.  But the losses are very substantial. Livestock losses total over $300 million in Kansas; 26 percent of pasture conditions are rated poor to very poor. We have seen a winter, in many parts, the driest on record. And net farm income is forecast to be approximately $10,000. When all is figured in for 2002, this is estimated to represent a shortfall of about $35,000 in simply meeting family living expenses.  On top of all this, the total government payments on the 2002 crop were estimated to be 60 percent less than received in 2001.  That is right. Under this farm bill described by the other side as the best farm bill ever--the greatest farm bill ever, pardon me--our Kansas producers have seen a drop of 60 percent in government assistance because it is a price support program. We have high prices but no income support. That is why we are back again, despite the predictions that we would not have another disaster bill.  I heard from many bankers who say there will be no next year for many of our producers unless we grant relief. You know, you can't take issues and promises to the bank. That is what we have. Issues do not pay bills. Promises do not pay bills. Debate will not pay bills. We need to give them hope and an assistance package that can actually pass.  Everyone here knows that the House of Representatives will not pass the proposal that has been put forth by my good friends on the other side of the aisle. It will not pass the House. There are many reasons for that: Budget reasons, any other reason you can come up with. Some sections of agriculture who do not want to open up the farm bill. It will not pass the House. It will not be signed into law by the President of the United States. That is a given.  We can argue the merits of that and the politics of that. We did all last year. But now is not the time to keep arguing about that. Put politics aside. It is not the best bill that I could possibly write or that the distinguished Senator from Mississippi could write, but it is a bill that will be passed by the House and signed into law by the President.  As I said, the amendment is not perfect, but it does give them hope. It targets assistance to those areas which were actually declared a disaster area. It provides vital livestock assistance that will aid producers throughout the country. It provides assistance for specialty crops. And it does replenish some of the section 22 account so these funds can be used for nutrition programs and purchase programs for specialty crops and the meat sector.  It doesn't bust the budget; it is paid for. It doesn't take any money out of the agriculture baseline.  The back of the envelop math is $190 million for Kansas. I don't know what it is for the other States that are represented here on the floor. But it is substantial. Is it enough? We can argue that all day long. But this is a decision whether we have $190 million that goes to Kansas, hard-hit Kansas producers and livestock producers, or nothing. So that is the issue.  Coming pretty close to the truth is coming pretty close, but it is still not the truth, and that is the truth. We could have an issue or a bill. Our farmers are sick and tired of being sick and tired. It may well be that if it doesn't rain, we will be back here again later on this year to try to fix the farm bill, do some technical correction, or come with additional assistance. I don't know. But right now you had better pass this $3.1 billion package put together by the distinguished Senator from Mississippi and backed by some of us who want something as opposed to nothing. That is the way it is.  I yield the floor.  