President, I rise to reinforce the very serious concerns just raised by the distinguished leader and my colleagues, and I thank them for that. The Senator from Tennessee is an ex officio member of the Intelligence Committee. He has also been a member of the Foreign Relations Committee. He thoroughly understands the complex and important foreign policy issues which depend on reliable intelligence for their proper resolution.  I associate myself completely with his comments and agree with him that neither the Intelligence Committee nor the Senate, let alone the American people, are well served in the current atmosphere of raw partisanship that was created by a minority attack strategy that was revealed this week.  I have come before the Senate many times to report on the progress and good work that has been done by the committee staff in a bipartisan way on the Iraq intelligence review. That has been under review since the spring of this year. Two days ago, I expressed an interest in getting back to work in the Intelligence Committee. Some Senators across the aisle have taken this sentiment as an expression of readiness to simply close the book on this episode and pretend like it never happened. They are mistaken.  What has occurred in the Intelligence Committee was not a simple misunderstanding over policy or a mild disagreement about philosophy or oversight responsibilities. Far from it. What occurred was a direct assault on the heart of what makes the Intelligence Committee a unique and credible and respected entity in behalf of our national security. It was a direct assault on our concept of oversight that is the product of some of our country's most trying days. It has functioned well, although imperfectly, for nearly 30 years. And now we find ourselves at a crossroads, and, boy, is this a road we didn't have to take.  Unless and until this reprehensible attack plan and strategy to derail the committee's important work is properly addressed, I am afraid it will be impossible to return to business as usual in the committee.  I remain absolutely stunned that just one Member of the minority of the Senate has disavowed this destructive strategy and said we are on the wrong trail, said it would lead to a box canyon. That courageous Member saw it for what it is: ``A highly partisan and perhaps treasonous memo.'' Those are his words, Mr. President.  What really disturbs me the most is that most Democratic Members just haven't remained silent about this outrage; some of them have openly embraced it. They have actually tried to make a silk purse out of this sow's ear by dressing up their planned attack on the Intelligence Committee as some kind of frustrated cry for help from their committee staff. That is not going to wash.  Democratic reaction to the attack memorandum is as destructive as the strategy itself. We face mounting intelligence challenges in places such as North Korea, Iran, and, of course, Iraq, and Afghanistan. Members across the aisle should carefully reflect and decide whether their caucus should repudiate or disavow--pick any word you want--this plan and embrace our Nation's security instead of self-interest. Critically important work lies ahead for the Senate Intelligence Committee, and an atmosphere of mutual trust and professionalism must be restored.  According to Senator Bob Kerrey, a former Senator and a former vice chairman of the committee said:       Rank partisanship like this destroys the comity needed for      compromise.  There is a way to restore that comity quickly and completely. It seems to me that Democratic Senators must clearly repudiate or disavow the blatantly partisan strategy laid out in the attack memo. If they refuse, it seems to me, then, that the Democratic caucus must be prepared to accept responsibility for destroying the Intelligence Committee's 25-year, almost 30-year tradition of effective nonpartisanship when the country needed it most.  I yield the floor.  