 The Senator from Indiana and I have a slightly different take on what we told the President. My view is the President has incredible leverage with the Republican House. And my point to the President was: Mr. President, what we had in the Biden-Lugar bill and, prior to that, the bill of the leader, Senator Kerry, and Senator Feingold, who have been the real leaders on this issue, you liked all of it; you said it was okay, and so, Mr. President, I do not know why you cannot pick up the phone, call Mr. DeLay and say, I, the most popular Republican in the Nation, want this.  He said he cannot do that, he will not be able to get a bill.  He also said he needs this bill. Why do we need this before the G-8? He says he needs this before the G-8 to demonstrate to the G-8 we are doing something and we expect them to do more.  I take the President at his word that that is why he wants it, but the reason why the Durbin amendment is so important is everybody knows the House does not really care about this bill. The House bill says up to a billion dollars--up to, meaning zero to a billion. My argument to the President is, if we have $500 million at the front end, everybody in the G-8 will believe it and he will really have leverage.  The problem I have is, I do not understand why the President of the United States is unwilling to exercise his leverage on the House leadership. So I really think we are helping him in spite of what he wants. Let's help him.  Sometimes, as my dear mother used to say: This is for your own good, Joey.  This is for his own good. We give him a bottom line of $500 million to go to the G-8. Then Chirac will look and say, they mean it. If you go with zero to a billion, knowing that Mr. Hastert, who does not like this bill, Mr. DeLay, who does not like this bill, the same House that killed this bill before, they will say, we do not have to do anything. We know those guys are not going to do anything. Their reputations are well earned and well known.  I do not say that in a pejorative way. They do not like this bill. Everybody knows they do not like this bill. They do not even like their own bill.  Because the President, to his credit, said in the State of the Union, I want one, they had to pass something. So let's help the President. Let's give him some leverage.  I would be willing to bet that if this passes, I will be dumbfounded if the President does not pick up the phone and say, Denny, I need a little help--meaning Speaker Hastert--and, Mr. DeLay, we are both from Texas; me, President, you No. 2. Maybe we can get this done.  I have confidence in the President's leadership. So let us help him out. Give him some leverage. Let him get the job done.  I yield the floor.  