 President, I rise to join my colleague, the chairman of the committee, in support of S. Con. Res. 30, which commends and expresses the gratitude of the United States to the other nations participating with us in the Coalition to Disarm Iraq. The American people and this Congress stand with our Commander in Chief and behind our men and women in uniform. It is their responsibility, and the Commander in Chief's, to prosecute this war in Iraq, but it is our responsibility to give them the support they need and deserve.  There may be difficult days ahead, but I am confident of the extraordinary skill and ultimate success of our endeavor. As we gather here today, the sons and daughters of four countries--the United Kingdom, Australia, Poland, and Denmark--are fighting alongside our troops. Our purpose today is to thank them from the bottom of our hearts for the courage they are demonstrating. It is to tell their families and loved ones of our gratitude for their sacrifice and to express to their leaders our profound admiration for their determination to join other nations, including ours, in a common and just cause.  Several dozen nations are supporting this coalition in other ways--politically, diplomatically, and strategically. They, too, have our deep appreciation. The Senator from Indiana has read the names of those nations.  Let me say a word to the leaders and the people from friendly countries and allies who do not support our effort to disarm Saddam Hussein's regime. This Senator and many others disagree profoundly with the choices they have made. But this Senator, at least, respects--equally profoundly--that that choice is the right of a sovereign nation to make, to differ with us.  I think it is time that we move beyond the finger-pointing and recriminations that have been flying across the Atlantic and around the world. We need one another. We will need one another in other endeavors. It is time to, again, heal the differences. We could not come together in war, but we are going to have to come together in peace.  This resolution expresses that hope. By its words, it ``welcomes and encourages the active involvement of [the countries in this coalition], other nations, and key international organizations in the reconstruction and civil administration of Iraq after the conflict.''  When this war ends--hopefully, that will be soon--we will face a tremendous responsibility and an equally important opportunity in terms of Iraq's future. Even as our thoughts and prayers are with our President, our troops, and our allies, we need to think about and act on that future now.  Why is this so important? I believe it is important because it is profoundly against the interests of the United States to be left the sole responsibility for Iraq. As my friend, and the friends of many here, Tom Friedman, has put it: We may have to rent this country for a time; but it is not our desire to own it.  There are three reasons for that:  First, it will cost tens of billions of dollars and take years to rebuild an Iraq that is secure, whole, free, and governed by its own people. We should not bear that burden or responsibility alone.  Second, an indefinite American military occupation of Iraq would fuel resentment throughout the Middle East, bolster al-Qaida's recruitment, and make Americans a target for malcontents everywhere. We need to make the peace in Iraq the world's responsibility, not just our own.  Third, failure to engage the U.N. and as many countries as possible in post-Saddam Iraq would miss an opportunity to repair the damage that has been done to the U.N., to our alliances, and international cooperation--all of which we will need to win the war against terrorism, to contend with North Korea and Iran's nuclear programs, to slow the spread of weapons of mass destruction, to deal with outbreaks of disease, and to contend with so many other threats that have no respect for borders.  I hope the administration will spare no effort in securing the sanction of the United Nations for everything that will have to be done to keep the peace in Iraq after the war, to provide humanitarian aid, to rebuild the country, and to help put Iraq back into the hands of its own people.  By gaining the U.N.'s approval, we would help political leaders around the world whose people oppose the war justify their participation--including financial participation--in building the peace. It has not been lost on any of our colleagues in the last several days of debate, nor upon our fellow Americans; it is dawning on them that in the last gulf war, we paid between 17 and 20 percent of the cost of the war. For this gulf war, we are lucky to pay the totality of the bill--if not 100 percent, very close to it. The meter is just beginning to run. The chairman of the committee and I have held hearings over the last 10 months on this issue. We don't have any firm number, but we have estimates that it is going to cost--after we win--anywhere from $19 billion a year to numbers well in excess of that. It is in our interest--our direct interest--that other nations participate in making Iraq secure.  By gaining U.N. approval, as I said, we would help the political leaders around the world who know that is in their interest as well--whose people oppose the war--to justify their participation, including financial participation. And we would demonstrate a U.S. commitment to rebuild ties to the U.N., which will be important in our long-term security.  I personally think Kosovo provides a powerful precedent for such a course of action. In Kosovo, we chose not to pursue a use of force resolution at the U.N. that we knew Russia would veto. I was in this Chamber urging that we bypass the U.N. and go directly to a coalition of the willing--in this case, the EU and NATO--to gain support for what many of us here strongly believed was in the interest of the United States, the interest of Europe, and in the humanitarian interests of hundreds of thousands of people. We moved.  But even before the first bombs fell, we worked closely with the Security Council on an agreement to put the U.N. and other countries front and center in Kosovo for humanitarian aid and civil authority once the peace was made. As a result, we did not have to build the peace alone. Our motives were not questioned alone, and we did not bear the costs alone. Evidence the fact that we were carrying roughly 15 percent of the freight, 15 percent of the personnel, after Milosevic was defeated.  I know there is tension between those who see the efficiency of an American military occupation and those who seek the legitimacy of a U.N.-led effort.  I have made close to a dozen trips, during and after the war in Bosnia and Kosovo, to the Balkans. I can tell you, there is no U.N. organization, there is no multilateral organization, there is no organization in the world that can deliver with the speed and efficiency whatever is needed that equals that of the U.S. military; it doesn't exist--whether it is building a road, digging a well, or securing a neighborhood. But the fact is, we have to find a place between that efficiency and the need for legitimacy.  In the immediate weeks after the war, our military will have to be in charge of the country, and long term, we will have to be in charge of the security side of the equation in the country. Longer term, our goal--working with our allies and the international community--must be to put Iraq back in the hands of the Iraqi people, and this, again, in order for it to have legitimacy and, in my view, the prospect of succeeding, will have to be viewed by the region and the rest of the world as having been and gotten the imprimatur of the international community. The last thing we need to do is look as though we are putting in a puppet government--which is not our intention--in Baghdad in order to serve our purposes. There will be no legitimacy, and it will commit us much longer and in a more costly way.  During this critical interim period, we must achieve a very difficult balance. On the one hand, we have to avoid prolonging American military occupation, and, of course, for as long as our troops are there, security must be their responsibility--U.S. responsibility, not the responsibility of the U.N. or any other organization. We also had a bite out of that apple in the Balkans, in Bosnia. It did not work. It was a mistake. We corrected that mistake in Kosovo. But it should not be their role long term to administer Iraq or to choose its future leaders.  We don't want the American military having to make political decisions day in and day out and being blamed for every grievance. That would fuel resentment and turn us from liberators into occupiers. We do not want the American military putting in place a new Iraqi government, in my view. It would be seen as a puppet and, I believe, with no legitimacy.  On the other hand, we must not leave too quickly or hand over power to the Iraqis who lack the ability, the authority, and the institutions to govern their country--and risk Iraq coming apart at the seams.  Again, this is a different circumstance in Iraq than it was in Bosnia and in Kosovo, but we had a piece of that in both those countries.  This is a difficult balance. I am not suggesting any absolute formula, but I am suggesting that, to the degree the American military commander is seen to be handpicking and/or putting in place a new Iraqi regime, a new Iraqi government, it will diminish its legitimacy. To the degree to which an American sergeant, lieutenant, or captain has to stand someplace in Kirkuk and tell a returning Kurd, who was expelled through ethnic cleansing 15 years ago, whether he can go into his home and expel the Arab Sunni living there, that is a problem for us. I do not want some American GI having to make that decision, although they are qualified to make it. They should not have to be the ones to make each of those decisions.  Again, the handoff in the transition will be difficult, but as long as we move toward involving the international community without yielding any of our security interests, that is the way to go.  How would they deal, for example, as I said, with the Kurds, the Turkmen, and Arabs literally fighting over the oil-rich city of Kirkuk, trying to claim that city? How will they contend with uncooperative ethnic leaders bent on revenge instead of reconciliation?  We are the ones who will have to provide the military muscle for the coalition to interface between those groups, but we should have the rest of the world in on the deal and the responsibility. Instead, someone must be given the authority to resolve the incredibly complicated problems that will arise, and we should look to those experiences, as I said, in the Balkans, some of it good, some of it not so good, and draw from that experience.  We should empower an international civil servant to be the country's high commissioner or representative at some point as this transition goes forward. He or she should be backed up by an international civilian administration that empowers Iraqis, by a credible international security force with American forces at its core, American forces in the lead.  God willing, this war will continue to go well. Casualties on all sides, God willing, will be few, and, God willing, a victory will be sooner than later. And working with the international community, God willing, we will put Iraq on the path to a democratic society.  Even if we succeed in these difficult endeavors, we should not expect Iraq's promise that will come from this new government to automatically trigger progress throughout the region. Indeed, we will not truly win the peace unless we adopt and pursue a broader strategy for the Middle East. I believe the President has recognized that by underscoring and endorsing the road map between the Israelis and the Palestinians. Now we must follow through and show a consistent commitment to its implementation.  Finding a solution to this problem would exponentially increase our ability to promote and support democracy and democratic reform throughout the region. We must do that for the sake of its people and for the safety of our own. For when there are no democratic outlets, dissent moves underground, it turns into resentment, and it is ventilated by extremism and even terrorism. So we must make it clear to our friends in that region that their future and their future with us requires--requires--a move toward democratization.  If we listen to the voices of Arabs themselves, if we heed the wisdom of the U.N.'s Arab development report that ties progress to empowering women, reforming economies, and expanding political participation, we canand will help infuse a sense of hope in a region that lacks hope.  Mr. President, by refusing to disarm, a defiant Saddam has made the fateful choice between war and peace. This is not an exercise of a doctrine of preemption. This is an exercise of enforcing a peace agreement. This is an enforcement action, enforcing an agreement a defeated president made in the early nineties to the whole world at the United Nations saying: If you let me remain in power, I commit to keep the following conditions to this peace agreement. That is what this was.  If this had been 1919, we would have been in Versailles having to sign an agreement. It was 1991, and it was at a time when the United Nations was available to us.  He made this choice. He made the choice between war and peace. Let us make sure that in winning the war, we also win the peace.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  