 President, I am pleased to support the Convention for the Unification of Certain Rules for International Carriage by Air, known as the Montreal Convention, which was signed by the United States at a negotiating conference in that city in 1999. The convention provides the basic liability framework for international aviation and the air carriage of cargo and baggage. When it enters into force, the convention, for those nations party to it, will replace the current liability system, known as the Warsaw system, which had its origins in a 1929 treaty known as the Warsaw Convention. Since 1929, the Warsaw Convention has been amended numerous times by various protocols. But membership in the convention and the various protocols has not been universal, creating a patchwork quilt of treaty relations between and among nations. The Montreal Convention is designed to provide a clear and uniform system, and it is hoped that there will be widespread adherence to it.  The Warsaw Convention system is antiquated in several respects, particularly with regard to the absurdly low limitations it contains on liability in cases of passenger injury or death. These limits may have made sense in 1929, when the airline industry was in its infancy. But those limits are anachronistic and indefensible. The airline industry matured long ago, and has long been capable of purchasing adequate liability insurance.  To their credit, the major airline carriers agreed, by contract, to waive the limitations for liability for passenger injury or death in 1996 in the ``IATA Inter-Carrier Agreement on Passenger Liability.'' Most of the airlines flying to and from the United States have taken this action, although several smaller airlines have not. The Montreal Convention will codify this inter-carrier agreement. Article 21 provides for payment, in cases of personal injury or death, of up to 100,000 Special Drawing Rights, currently about $140,000, for proven damages. Above that amount, there will be no limit on the amount an injured person or his or her heirs may obtain; the burden, under Article 21(2), will be on the air carrier to prove that it was not negligent or that the damage was solely due to the negligence or other wrongful act or omission of a third party.  The Montreal Convention also creates a ``fifth jurisdiction'' in addition to the four jurisdictions provided under the Warsaw system. This additional jurisdiction, set forth in article 33(2), will ensure that, in nearly every case, Americans will be able to bring an action in a U.S. court.  The Montreal Convention contains several other provisions that modernize the liability regime for cargo. These provisions were drawn from those in Montreal Protocol No. 4 (to the Warsaw Convention), which the Senate approved in 1998.  The Montreal Convention is self-executing. No implementing legislation is required to fulfill U.S. obligations under it, and, like the Warsaw Convention, will provide the basis for a private right of action in U.S. courts for cases arising under it. Since the United States joined the Warsaw Convention in 1934, that convention has been the basis for hundreds of lawsuits in U.S. courts. Accordingly, a large body of judicial precedents has developed during these seven decades. The negotiators intended that, to the extent applicable, to preserve these precedents.  A question arises whether the judicial doctrine of forum non convenient applies to cases under the Montreal Convention. The circuit courts of appeals in the United States are divided on this question with regard to the Warsaw Convention. Compare Hosaka v. United Airlines, Inc., 305 F.3d 989 (9th Cir. 2020), cert. denied, 123 S. Ct. 1284 (2003) with In re Air Crash Disaster Near New Orleans, Louisiana on July 9, 1982, 821 F.2d 1147 (5th Cir. 1987) (en banc), vacated and remanded on other grounds sub nom. Pan American World Airways, Inc. v. Lopez, 490 U.S. 1032 (1989). At the diplomatic conference, the United States delegation offered an amendment to the draft text during a meeting of the ``Friends of the Chairman's Group'' to make clear that the doctrine may be applied if consistent with the country's procedural laws. See 1 International Civil Aviation Organization, International Conference on Air Law, Montreal 10-28 May 1999, at 159 (2001) (Advance Copy of Minutes). This provision was not incorporated in the final text of the Montreal Convention. The Committee on Foreign Relations did not address this issue in its deliberations.  The Senate is also considering the Hague Protocol of 1955, a protocol to the Warsaw Convention. It was first submitted to the Senate in 1959, but then returned to the President in 1967. The circumstances that led to the return of the Protocol related to the unreasonably low liability limits that I described earlier. The Protocol was resubmitted by President Bush in 2002.  The Protocol is still relevant for this reason: even with entry into force of the Montreal Convention, the Warsaw system will remain in force among many nations, probably for several years. The Hague Protocol contains many provisions modernizing the Warsaw's systems rules on cargo shipment, and therefore remains important for shippers and consumers.  In 1998, the Senate approved Montreal Protocol No. 4, a protocol to the Warsaw Convention; the United States became a party to the Protocol in March 1999. At the time, it was presumed that, in doing so, the United States also became bound by the provisions of the Hague Protocol. Article XVII of Montreal Protocol No. 4 states that ``[r]atification of this Protocol by any State which is not a Party to the Warsaw Convention or by any Statewhich is not a Party to the Warsaw Convention as amended at The Hague, 1955, shall have the effect of accession to the Warsaw Convention as amended at the Hague, 1955, and by Protocol No. 4 of Montreal, 1975.'' Several courts in the United States appear to have assumed as much. E.g., Cortes v. American Airlines, Inc., 177 F.3d 1272 (11th Cir. 1999), cert. denied, 528 U.S. 1136 (2000; Motorola, Inc. v. Federal Express Corp., 308 F.3d 995 (9th Cir. 2002), cert. denied sub nom., Kuehne & Nagel, Inc. v. Motorola, Inc., 123 S. Ct. 2213 (2003). In submitting the Montreal Convention to the Senate, the Executive Branch stated that ``[i]n accordance with the provisions of Montreal Protocol No. 4, the United States also became bound by the provisions of The Hague Protocol when it ratified Montreal Protocol No. 4.'' See S. Treaty Doc. 106-45, at ix (2000).  A decision in 2000 by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit has raised a question about whether the United States has treaty relations under the Hague Protocol with certain states. See Chubb & Son, Inc. v. Asiana Airlines, 214 F.2d 301 (2d Cir. 2000), cert. denied, 533 U.S. 928 (2001). The executive branch elaborated on this issue in its submission of the Hague Protocol in 2002. S. Treaty Doc. 107-14, at viii-ix (2002). Approval of the Hague Protocol at this time will end any uncertainty that may exist about the question of the status of the United States as a party to the Hague Protocol  Mr. President, the Montreal Convention is an important achievement, the culmination of many decades of effort by the United States and many U.S. citizens to remove the unreasonably low liability limits of the Warsaw Convention. I commend the Clinton Administration negotiators for their fine work in 1999, as well as the many officials of the State and Transportation Departments, before and after 1999, who have worked to develop this treaty and present it to the Senate. The Montreal Convention is supported by all the main interests in the private sector--the airlines, passenger groups, cargo firms, and attorneys representing passengers. It deserves the support of the Senate.  I want to thank Chairman Lugar and his staff for bringing this treaty forward at this time, and for ensuring Senate action prior to the August recess. I urge all my colleagues to support the Montreal Convention and the Hague Protocol.