 President, I say to my friend from Nevada, what confuses me about what the Senator from Pennsylvania said, and others have said, and is disturbing, our friends on the other side of the aisle have an incredible definition of what constitutes security. The idea that we would at this moment cut the end strength of the U.S. military, there would be 100 out of 100 Senators in opposition on the floor.  The idea that we are like those soccer moms we talk so much about, they are no longer soccer moms, I suggest. They are security moms. They are literally worried about whether or not in their children's schoolyard, in their shopping center, in their daily routine, they and/or their family might be a victim of terrorism.  If this war is a war the President talks so much about, with good reason, a war on terror, I assume we are saying the same thing. A war on terror is not a war that is only being conducted by special forces overseas, but the war on terror is in the United States.  What is the greatest concern Americans have? It is that something is going to happen as happened on September 11.  I ask this of these friends of ours on the other side of the aisle. I think they mean well. They talk about the fact they do not want to grow government. I ask, How are you going to combat terror in the United States of America, in Washington, DC; in Omaha, NE; in Wilmington, DE; in San Francisco, CA; how are you going to confront terror, combat terror? How are you going to make our nuclear powerplant that is right across the river from tens of thousands of Delawareans secure? How are you going to make sure there are no Americans subject to poison gas attacks, the water supply being polluted, chemical agents, or, God forbid, biological weapons. The only way to do that, it seems to me, is with more defense.  What is the defense? That is homeland defense. The defense is the FBI, local law enforcement; the defense is domestic surveillance, domestic operations. My friends keep saying they do not want to grow government. What the devil are they talking about? They just cut 1,100 FBI agents. They shrank government. If tomorrow they took this similar percentage of U.S. Marines and cut them, we would say: My God, what are they doing? They are crazy.  A U.S. marine, I ask my friend from Nevada, who is going to confront a terrorist on the Mall in Washington, DC, or at a nuclear powerplant in Nevada or Delaware, who will confront that person? Who will track them down? Is it a marine? A special forces person? No, it is going to be a law enforcement officer.  These fellows have, unintentionally, I hope, emasculated law enforcement. They have cut the COPS Program that put 100,000 cops on the street. They eliminated that. They transferred, necessarily, 570-some FBI agents out of violent crime strike forces toward terror. They have reduced the coverage in the States. They have now cut another roughly 1,100 FBI agents, eliminated any help for local law enforcement. They ballooned--as a consequence of that, in part--the budget of all these States, and they proudly stand here and say: We are not going to grow government.  I raise my hand; I want to grow government to fight terror. I want to grow the number of FBI agents. I want to grow the number of CIA agents. I want to grow the number of police officers. I want to grow the ability to defend my family from a terrorist attack on a nuclear powerplant in my region, all of which are exposed now. They are exposed.  I hope my friends, when they come to the floor, will explain to me why an increase in the deficit to maintain the end strength of the FBI is less worthy than increasing the deficit over 10 years by half a billion, counting interest, to give people a deduction, no taxes, on their dividends.  