 Dorr to serve as the Under Secretary for Rural Development at the Department of Agriculture and also as a member of the Commodity Credit Corporation because I believe it is premature for this body to be voting on the appropriateness of Mr. Dorr to assume these positions. This is an unusual step for me, but, then again, this is a very unusual situation.  I have long recognized that a President should generally be entitled to have executive branch agencies run by the people he chooses. While his selections should be given considerable deference, the President's power of appointment is limited by the duty of the Senate to provide ``advice and consent.'' Throughout my tenure in the Senate, I have supported countless nominees for Cabinet and other high-level positions, including many with whom I have disagreed on certain policies, but I have also cast my vote against confirmation when I have become convinced that the nominee is not suitable to fill the role. In this instance, I do not believe the Senate has all the facts that are necessary to make an informed judgment.  During this confirmation process, serious questions were raised about misrepresentations made by Mr. Dorr to the U.S. Department of Agriculture regarding his farming arrangements with two family trusts in an effort to secure farm program payments, and the subsequent restitution made to the Federal Government of nearly $34,000. Rather than resolving these questions, last year's hearing on this nomination held by the Senate Agriculture Committee raised additional and disturbing questions, and the nominee thereafter failed to supply documents that might remove the cloud over this matter. That is why last June, I joined many of my colleagues in the Senate in urging the majority leader to withhold further Senate action on these nominations until the nominee furnished the requested information to clarify the important questions raised about his integrity in financial dealings with USDA and his truthfulness and veracity in sworn testimony before the Senate committee. I am disappointed that, rather than helping to secure a resolution of these serious issues, the majority leader has chosen to move these nominations forward. As such, I am left with no recourse other than to oppose cloture on these nominations.  