  I have no doubt and I do not disagree with anything the Senator has said overall, but I am just suggesting that I wonder how any Members will explain at home, if, God forbid, one of our nuclear powerplants is blown up; if, God forbid, sarin gas is released in the tunnels under New York City; if, God forbid, any number of other things I could mention, which I won't because they will frighten people, happen, I wonder how any Member will explain how we justified, in the name of not growing government, reducing the number of what I call domestic defense officials, the number of FBI agents, the law enforcement agents, the number of people who, in fact, have as their primary responsibility, the security of our people. A government's first and foremost responsibility is security. It is not tax equity, it is security. Security. I am here to say we are skating perilously close to a disaster line here for failing to step up to the plate.  My last comment is I made a speech on September 10 to the National Press Club making the same argument I am making now. It was at that time thought to be somehow a little bit of--we can't afford it. The argument I made on September 10 at the National Press Club was we were ignoring domestic security and international terror at our peril and I laid out what we were not doing.  Let me say to you, I will be back on the floor again and again because I do not want my children or my grandchildren saying to me: Where were you during the war, daddy? Put it another way: Where were you when we were fighting terrorism, or supposed to be fighting terrorism? Why were you cutting law enforcement, cutting the FBI? Why were you cutting the very agencies that were designed to protect our security, that mom in her living room, her child in her school, her husband on the subway? Where were you?  I think we are misguided, in terms of the majority view on this floor. I want to grow government to defeat terror. I want to do it with people with guns. I want to do it with people with might. I want to do it with people with intelligence capability. I want to stop it before it happens. You cannot convince me you can do a better job with fewer people.  I thank my friend.  