 President, I understand fully the situation of my friend from Indiana. As my colleague, Barry Goldwater--and we both served with him--used to say: In your heart you know we could have a better bill.  But we have a time problem. We have a circumstance where the House had, frankly, thumbed its nose at us last time. We passed unanimously a bill which was much more significant than this bill, led by our majority leader and by my friend from Massachusetts, Senator Kerry. They put together a real robust, significant bill.  This is a mere shadow of that bill in my view. But I end up almost the same place as my friend from Indiana, my chairman does. That is, you play the hand you are dealt. The House doesn't give a darn about this bill. Frankly, they are threatening if we add any amendments to just ditch it. So once again we are yielding to the lowest common denominator.  The fact is, they have a whip hand right now. The fact is, I want the President to be able to have a bill when he goes to the G-8 because I believe he is committed to trying to get the rest of the world to do more than they are doing. He wants to be able, to use a phrase he likes to use, lay his cards on the table. He wants to be able to ante up and say: This is what I am ready to do. Now, what are you all going to do?  I am willing to help him do that, even though this is not--this is not--the best bill. The best bill was the Kerry-Frist bill. That was the best bill we had, and we passed it. I think we voted it out unanimously last time. It was much more significant than the bill we have now. Then my friend and I, both faced with a similar dilemma, came along with what, a Lugar-Biden/Biden-Lugar bill, which was better than this bill.  But I am not here to talk about that. I am here to say we need a bill. I want everyone to know we are trying our best. I hope the majority leader would attest to the fact I have been straight up with him. We want to add a couple of amendments. Frankly, we are going to have a rough road to hoe. I think we will get one--I hope so, because I think the House may accept it if it is added on--which I think is very important.  Parochially, Senator Santorum and I, although he is not the one pushing it and I am--one is on the debt relief, which is something my friend from Indiana and I have worked on for years in various forums. And I think we should get the global AIDS fund up to that minimum threshold of $500 million.  Last July, the Senate unanimously approved a bill initiated in the Committee on Foreign Relations by Senators Kerry, Frist, Helms and myself. It stalled in the other body. There was little interest expressed by the Bush administration, and the bill died.  In January of this year, as one of the first orders of business, we began discussions in the Committee on Foreign Relations on moving forward on the Kerry-Frist-Helms-Biden bill. Unfortunately, each time we tried to proceed with the bill, the White House or the majority leader asked the chairman to delay, because the administration wanted more time to work on its proposal.  We might have passed a very strong bill months ago. But we did not. Now we are told that time is up, that we must take up the House bill, and that we must not amend the House bill.  I must say that I find it curious that we were asked to delay, and now we are told we cannot amend this bill. But I will return to that subject in a moment.  HIV/AIDS is the worst epidemic that mankind has ever seen. It is a source of instability. It is highly damaging to economic development in some of the poorest countries of the world. It is a humanitarian disaster. It is, in short, a national security issue, and will be for the foreseeable future.  It is right and proper that the Congress and the President work together to develop a comprehensive program of assistance.  As the world's leading economic power, we have a responsibility to lead the world in fighting this plague. I commend the President for focusing attention on this important question. It has clearly helped us push this legislation toward the finish line.  But now that we are nearing that finish line, I think we need to make a few modifications. The bill before us was passed by the House with, I am sure, the best of intentions.  It does not, however, as the title suggests, provide leadership. I believe there is considerable room for improvement in the House-passed bill.  I acknowledge that the bill does some useful things.  First and foremost, it acknowledges the severity of the HIV/AIDS epidemic, and authorizes substantial funds over a 5 year period to address it--$15 billion over 5 years, to be exact. That's a heck of a lot of money, and well above the current budgets for these programs.  It provides for a strategy, and a coordinator to pull together all the agencies working on this issue. These are all good things.  Unfortunately, the House bill has several flaws.  The bill gives no guidance on the amount of our contributions to the Global Fund. In Fiscal Year 2004, the bill authorizes ``up to'' $1 billion. So it could be $1 or $1 billion. Which one is it? What do we really expect the Committee on Appropriations to provide? The President's budget requests just $200 million for the fund, which is far from adequate.  For the remaining 4 years the bill, there is no specific amount set forth. Itmerely authorizes ``such sums as may be necessary.'' This is an abdication of Congressional responsibility. It's like giving a contractor money to build a house without stating what you want the house to look like. Who would do something that unwise?  I believe that it is our job to set priorities, and funding levels. The voice of Congress should be heard on this issue. There will be an amendment by one of our colleagues authorizing a responsible contribution of the fund.  The House-passed bill does not deal with the issue of debt relief for countries suffering the burden of an AIDS epidemic.  Last year the Senate-passed bill included a provision, authored by myself and Senator Santorum, extending increased debt relief to countries with a severe public health crisis such as AIDS. We should do no less this year.  The House-passed bill contains language that I think is bad policy. It contains a requirement that one-third of all dollars devoted to prevention must be earmarked for abstinence-only until marriage programs.  I am concerned that this limitation is impractical.  I believe that the Agency for International Development and other agencies working on the ground are competent to decide how much money to spend on abstinence-only programs based on local conditions.  We should not assign arbitrary percentages to one element of a comprehensive strategy to prevent the spread of AIDS without a rationale. How did the other body come to the conclusion that 33 percent was appropriate? I do not know. I doubt that anyone does.  There are other problems with the bill. Some are more serious than others.  We will try, with a few amendments, to fix them in an expeditious way.  The majority leader has suggested that we must not amend this bill because there is no time for a conference or for consideration by the other body. With all respect to the leader, I believe he is mistaken.  The reconciliation bill we just passed will not go to conference. The leadership of both bodies intends to bring back the conference report on that bill before the recess. I can assure the leader that any conference on this bill would be far simpler than the conference on the reconciliation bill.  Morever, the bill need not even go to conference--it could go through the House again, containing the amendments by the Senate. That happens all the time around here. There's no reason that action cannot be scheduled promptly--if the House leadership wants it.  What the leader is really saying is this: we must be a rubber-stamp for the other body. We cannot amend it, not even one word, or else the bill will be in trouble.  I simply don't believe that.  The Senate has a duty to debate and vote on amendments. If you oppose amendments, vote them down. But don't vote them down because you think an amendment will doom the bill.  Let us have a debate. We will do it quickly. We have no intention of delaying passage of this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support a limited number of amendments. Then we can send it to the other body, and get it to the President by the end of next week.  Frankly, I feel a little bit like I was misleading the public at large, as if I were the leader on this subject. The leader on this subject has been Senator John Kerry, on our side of the aisle. So I would like, with the permission of my colleagues, to yield to Senator Kerry to make the substantive opening statement on this bill, since I will have an opportunity to manage it. Again, I compliment him and Senator Frist, who, frankly, were the emotional, political, and intellectual engines getting this going.  If there is no objection, I yield the floor to my friend from Massachusetts.  