 Anyone who is a C-SPAN watcher will be a bit confused. We have Senator Warner talking about his 25-year relationship with Senator Levin and I am about to talk about my 28-year relationship with my friend, Senator Lugar. This is proof there is bipartisanship in this operation. We have a Democrat and a Republican opposing a Democrat and Republican on the principle here but not on whether or not this should be included and considered.  This is basically a procedural judgment we are making. I have a few points notwithstanding the very well intended effort on the part of Senator Levin who has, for a number of years, been concerned about this issue and is concerned that, as he said, who knows, maybe some day we will end up with one of these member states no longer being a democracy. It is possible.  What do we do? Let me suggest what Secretary Powell said before our committee when there was consideration, not by Senator Levin or Senator Warner, but there was discussion about having a condition attached to this treaty--which is not the case now. He said:       NATO is not a committee; it's not a council; it is not a      group. It is an alliance. When you call something an      alliance, I think it means that everybody has to be together      for the alliance to take action.  I am skipping ahead to make this short. Secretary-General Lord Robertson told the members of the Foreign Relations Committee:       Even when times have been difficult, NATO has never failed      to get consensus or to find a way to work around the problem.      No country has ever used its national veto.  As Secretary General Lord Robertson also said, ``NATO is an infinitely adaptable organization'' and has proven itself equal to all organizational challenges.  Let me be more precise. When France pulled out of NATO's integrated command in 1967, the alliance decided it had a problem. Ordinarily, that would be enough to cripple NATO because itwould effectively veto everything. What did we do? Then NATO came up with a Defense Planning Committee, the so-called DPC, which for years has done the bulk of NATO's work. When France refused to go along on the Turkey article 4 request last winter, saying the decision in the NAC would be counterproductive to diplomatic discussions of the United Nations, what did we do? We went over to the DPC effortlessly. We did not have a great crisis in NATO.  If that had not worked, Lord Robertson could have ordered the SACEUR to make the Patriots and AWACs available to Turkey, or he could have done what former Secretary General Luns once did. He could have simply declared his own decision was final unless there was unanimous opposition.  I will not take more time, although there is much more to say. The reason I bring these things up, we have, in fact, dealt with very difficult crises in NATO, including member states not meeting the criteria of a democratic free market, respecting human rights, et cetera. We have had different countries who have been the odd man out on different occasions. Every time, instead of having to go through the process of a period of expulsion, we were able to weather the storm by dealing with it through other mechanisms.  Here is the larger point I wish to make. I do not want to take too much time, but it is a very important point to make, in my view.  Especially troubling is the opinion of Lord Robertson that alternatives to the consensus principle would create more problems than they are intended to solve.  Majority rule or a UN Security Council-type system would send members scurrying for votes in support of their positions, merely delaying action and reinforcing divisions among allies.  The consensus rule is a fundamental part of NATO, an essential second element in the article 5 defense clause of NATO, requiring that any NATO action taken as a result of an attack on a NATO member be decided by consensus.  My colleagues should note that this Article was crafted back in 1949, on American insistence, to prevent the U.S. from being pulled into wars by European countries.  As Lord Robertson asked us, ``does the U.S. now really want to open the door to the possibility of being dragged into a war it does not want to participate in?''  I might quote from a thoughtful letter to Senator Lugar and myself written by Bruce Jackson, president of the U.S. Committee on NATO:       At present, the United States is the only country that can      consistently produce unanimous outcomes at the level of the      North Atlantic Council or, failing in that, at the Defense      Planning Committee. The process of achieving unanimity is      uniquely and, perhaps intentionally, to the advantage of the      United States.       The countries whose ratification is before the Senate are      aghast that the Senate might consider weakening U.S.      leadership in NATO, which is the aspect of NATO they most      admire, just as their democracies reach the threshold of      membership. We share their concern.  Five years ago when this was brought up in the last expansion, I said, ``Why would we indulge in unilateral disarmament and give up our veto over a NATO decision?''  People wondered later, and asked me: What are you talking about? How is this giving up any veto?  With regard to the mechanism to suspend a member that strays from NATO's principles, that too is unnecessary. Here are two examples: During the authoritarian rule of the Greek colonels from 1967 to 1973, Greece was frozen out of the key NATO decisions. When it appeared Portugal might go Communist in the summer of 1975, it, too, was frozen out.  There would also be the temptation to play domestic politics with a suspension mechanism.  We would not want NATO to be torn apart the way the European Union was three years ago when other countries isolated Austria because Mr. Haider's distasteful party had joined the governing coalition after a free election.  For example one might envision a future scenario in which Turkey were threatened with military attack and some members would argue that Ankara's imperfect human rights record obviated the obligation of the NATO allies to honor their Article 5 commitments.  This isn't far-fetched. In January 1991, Mr. Lambsdorff, then the leader of the Free Democrats in Germany's Bundestag, voiced similar sentiments.  The reality is that once a suspension clause was introduced into the North Atlantic Treaty no country could fully rely upon Article 5.  Lord Robertson's summary judgment on creating a suspension mechanism speaks volumes:       The worst possible thing would be to legislate in advance      for all possible occasions and then be locked in.  Our debate will be watched closely in the seven invited countries and throughout the rest of Europe. Attaching this declaration to the Senate's ratification would send an unsettling message through the Alliance.  Lord Robertson gave us his bottom-line on Monday:       Putting these issues on the agenda of the NAC would be      ``deeply unhelpful'' to him and would ``open a can of      worms.''  The bottom line here, Madam President, is that I really think we should understand what is intended. The objective here to get NATO itself to adopt such a rule would be the single most serious thing we could do to U.S. leadership and U.S. de facto control of NATO.  I urge my colleagues to vote down this amendment, which is both unnecessary and potentially disruptive to NATO as it is about to welcome seven new members.  I thank my friend from Michigan and my friend from Virginia for being willing not to go with the original resolution they had, and seek this report from NATO within 18 months after the request being submitted by the Secretary of State. I think that is a more prudent way to proceed. But I hope when that is done, the NATO membership will uniformly reject any change in the process. But again I thank my colleagues and yield the floor.  