  I commend Senator Boxer for her leadership on this legislation. I co-sponsored this bill in the last Congress and I am proud to support it again.  The Mexico City policy, also known as the ``global gag rule,'' is bad policy and a bad idea.  Let us be clear what this issue is not about. The issue is not about abortion--although it is often portrayed assuch by the proponents of Mexico City. Rather, the provision is about free speech and democratic values.  Longstanding law--a law authored by former Senator Jesse Helms--already prohibits the use of U.S. funds to perform or promote abortions.  Let me repeat that. Current law, on the books for nearly three decades and authored by our former colleague Jesse Helms, already bans the use of U.S. taxpayer dollars to perform or promote abortions. Any assertion to the contrary is false.  The ``Mexico City'' policy goes much further: it demands that foreign, nongovernmental organizations which receive U.S. population assistance funds agree that they will stop using their own funds to discuss with their own governments how abortion will be regulated.  No such restrictions would be imposed on U.S.-based organizations, for a simple reason: they would be unconstitutional under the First Amendment.  Nor are such restrictions imposed on foreign governments. If they were, then U.S. assistance to countries such as Israel might be in danger, because the Israeli government uses its own funds to pay for abortions.  In my view, the Mexico City policy is anti-democratic, because it attempts to silence foreign recipients of U.S. funds.  It is the policy of the United States to advance the cause of democracy by promoting the values which we hold dear--such as freedom of speech, freedom of association, and freedom of the press.  The Mexico City policy flies in the face of these fundamental values by attempting to restrict the speech of recipients of U.S. funds.  This is a gag rule, pure and simple. It restricts speech. And for the life of me I cannot understand why anyone--Republican or Democrat--would support a provision that would violate the First Amendment if applied to U.S.-based organizations.  Of course, foreign citizens and organizations do not have constitutional rights. But just because we can legally apply this restriction does not mean that it is good policy. And I do not believe that it is.  I urge my colleagues to adopt the amendment.  