 President, I rise today to support the designation of March 25, 2003, as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy.  As in previous years, I welcome the opportunity to honor the democratic values and lasting friendship that bind our nations. Our common struggle to protect freedom and democracy at home and around the world has forged a strong partnership between Greece and the United States, a partnership which is critical to meeting today's challenges.  On the international front, Greece has played an important role in Operation Enduring Freedom and is now working with its European Union partners to support the reconstruction of Afghanistan. Greece continues to be a leader in bringing stability to the Balkans and in guiding the countries of this former region of conflict toward the community of democracies in Europe. Greece has been a steadfast ally in the fight against international terrorism, responding to every request for assistance in tracking and disrupting terrorist networks.  Greece has been actively pursuing security on the home front as well. In the last year, we welcomed the arrest inGreece of 19 suspected members of ``November 17,'' a terrorist group responsible for approximately 120 criminal acts over a 27-year period, including the murder of Greeks, Americans, and citizens of other countries. For too many years, this case remained unsolved and the criminals unpunished. I am heartened by the efforts of the Government of Greece to move quickly to prosecute the suspects. The authorities in Greece must now accelerate efforts to bring charges against those suspects responsible for the 1983 killing of CAPT George Tsantes, USN, who is survived by his wife Thalia Panos; his sons George K. Tsantes, III, and Nicolas P. Tsantes; and by his daughter Stephanie Tsantes, a distinguished citizen of the State of Delaware. Prosecution of this and other such cases will, I hope, bring a measure of closure and justice to all the families of the victims of ``November 17.''  Greece is now preparing to host the Summer Olympics in 2004--a challenge under the best of circumstances, a Herculean task in today's security environment. Working with the international community, including the United States, Greece has made unprecedented efforts to provide for safe and secure Olympic Games in 2004. And it has done so with great attention to preserving its 3,000 year-old cultural patrimony, the glory of the Hellenic past and present.  Greece has wisely chosen the theme ``Our Europe: Sharing the Future in a Community of Values'' to define its current term in the rotating Presidency of the European Union. In emphasizing the enlargement and transformation of the European Union, Greece will lead the efforts to create an even stronger European partner of the United States, a partner committed to protecting and promoting the fundamental values of freedom and democracy.  In designating March 25, 2003, as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy, we honor both a proud heritage and our commitment to continued partnership and cooperation.  