 President, as we consider legislation today on the global epidemic of HIV/AIDS, I urge my colleagues to think about this: While the poorest nations of the world lack the resources to provide the most basic public health care and the most basic education, they still send money to the international financial institutions established by the wealthiest nations of the world.  The 26 countries currently qualified to receive debt relief under the heavily indebted poor country--HIPC--program continue to pay more than $2 billion annually on debt service.  That money goes to the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund here in Washington, as well as other lenders, to pay the interest on loans they have received over the years.  Unless we act now on this HIV/AIDS bill to reduce that debt burden, we run the real risk that the resources we are providing them today will find theirway back, not only to Washington, but to other lenders, such as France, Germany, and Japan.  Deeper debt relief for those poor countries is essential to make the work we are doing on this HIV/AIDS legislation as effective as possible, and to make sure that funds do not leak out through the mandatory spending these countries must do to service their debts every year.  Money is money and the problem of these debt payments is very real for these poor countries. As long as they face these mandatory debt payments, the resources we are providing in this HIV/AIDS bill will be less effective.  But deeper debt relief is also needed because the current HIPC Program is not working.  In fact, last year the Bank and the fund honestly admitted that under the current formula, many countries will simply not reach a sustainable level of debt.  The amendment I am offering tonight aims to make the HIPC Program itself more likely to succeed.  It is essentially the legislation Senator Santorum and I introduced in the last congress, with the support of Senators Frist, Nickles, Chafee, DeWine, and Specter on the majority side, along with Senators Kerry and Sarbanes, Feingold, Murray, and others on this side of the aisle.  Specifically, for the many countries facing a public health crisis--such as the HIV/AIDS epidemic--we say that no more than 5 percent of their revenues should go to service their debt to other nations and international institutions.  For those who do not face such a crisis, debt service should exceed no more than 10 percent of their budget.  Some debate remains about the most appropriate way to measure a country's ability to pay its debt and still provide basic public goods in the areas of health, education, and infrastructure.  So our amendment gives the administration the flexibility to find an alternative measure that would achieve an equivalent level of debt reduction--a level that these poor countries can sustain.  Only countries that quality for the existing HIPC Program--that sets standards of economic reform and human rights--will participate.  The bottom line is that unless the U.S. and our G-7 partners reduce debt service payment to manageable levels--no more than 10 percent of Government revenue, 5 percent if the country has a major health crisis--these nations will be unable to devote the necessary resources to the fight against HIV/AIDS.  This amendment was part of the HIV/AIDS bill that passed the Senate last year. It belongs on this legislation, too.  Although there is some confusion about how we got there, I believe in retrospect the chairman, quite frankly, unknown to me, was not brought into the loop on this. I assure him the reason I agreed to a voice vote is because we had every Democrat, and I believe from personal discussion we had at least four Republicans supporting the amendment. I understand, without getting into all the detail, the bottom line is the amendment has been signed off on by the White House in direct discussions with my staff this afternoon. I would move the adoption of the amendment.  I ask for a voice vote.  