 President, we are once again back here on the Senate floor fighting for the future of passenger rail in this country.  Everyone here is well aware of my position on railroads. Unfortunately, this is a battle that those of us who believe in passenger rail service have had to make over and over.  I don't need to tell anyone here that our national rail system is at a crossroads. Decades of underfunding have finally caught up to us.  Amtrak is struggling to stay afloat. They have imposed drastic spending cuts in the last 2 years. They have deferred key capital maintenance projects. The have mortgaged Penn Station in New York--their most valuable asset. The have slashed jobs.  These short-term moves have only served to worsen Amtrak's long-term financial viability and put its future in jeopardy.  For 30 years, Congress has dragged its feet. It has taken a back-seat approach to dealing with the long-term needs of a national passenger rail system. It stalled. It bickered. In the end, it provided only enough money to allow Amtrak to continue to limp along.  And we broke the deal we made with Amtrak to help it meet its capital needs. Year after year, Amtrak received only $521 million--far less than it was promised--forcing it to turn to private sector loans and dramatically increasing it debt burden.  No industrialized country in the world operates a rail system that is completely self-sufficient. Japan, Germany, France--all of the supposedly superior, successful rail systems, received some level of subsidy from their governments, in most cases far more than that sought by Amtrak.  They understand the enormous capital costs involved in developing and maintaining a national rail system. Why don't we? Why don't we speak the truth: America needs a passenger rail system and it will take a national commitment. It makes sense. It's simple common sense.  And yet, though we've made a substantial commitment to highway and aviation development--over $750 billion since 1971--somehow we don't seem to get it. We don't seem to understand the parallel commitment necessary for railroads.  Instead, we have starved the rail system. And that's why Amtrak is in this situation today.  We have to end that practice. We have to sit down with governors, mayors, railroad workers--with everyone who cares about keeping the railroads solvent, safe, and moving.  We need to discuss and resolve the kind of passenger rail system this country deserves. And how much support from Federal, State, and local agencies will be needed to sustain it now and over time.  And we need to do this in the larger context--taking into account increasing capacity constraints on our highways, at our airports, the chronic overcrowding, and the air pollution that comes from that.  I commend my good friend, the Senator from South Carolina, Senator Hollings, because as chairman of the Commerce Committee, he made the reauthorization of Amtrak a priority and stepped up to the plate--recognizing the depth of commitment that is needed. I am proud to cosponsor his bill.  But this is not what we're fighting over today. Today, we are asking for the life-support to keep Amtrak moving until we are able to reach a consensus on its future. If we don't adopt this amendment, if we don't fund Amtrak at $1.2 billion this year, this system will die, commerce will be disrupted, passengers will be abandoned, and it will cost us much more to build a new rail system down the road.  I want to thank the Senator from Washington, Senator Murray, and the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee, for giving Amtrak a fighting chance, and to give us the time we need to resolve these issues.  Last spring, Amtrak got a new president, David Gunn. Right out of the gate he was faced with the prospects of shutting down the system because of the lack of operating funds.  We were here less than a year ago, fighting for an emergency $200 million to keep the trains running.  This administration was not especially receptive to the idea of helping, but in the end, after long hours, an agreement was reached and Amtrak got the infusion of funds it needed to keep going.  But David Gunn made it clear to the Congress even before then that in this fiscal year--the one we are in right now--Amtrak was going to need $1.2 billion in this year to stay alive.  The administration sent up a budget with just a placeholder number in it: $521 million--the same number Amtrak has received in other recent years. But everyone knew that number wasn't real, that it was grossly insufficient.  The number in this bill is grossly insufficient as well. Its $374 million short. Once more, Amtrak is getting underfunded. But this time we can't expect it to keep limping along. This time--if we don't step up to our commitment--we're going to strand millions of rail passengers.  We need to give David Gunn the resources he needs to get Amtrak back on its feet again. Now--with new leadership at the helm--it is critical that we don't short change Amtrak one more time.  Mr. President, this is unusual for me. I thank my friend from Arizona. I appreciate him. My friend from Arizona is right on one very basic point. We have had such a stark disagreement, he and I, for so many years, as close as we are. It is the only thing ever where we have gotten each other's hackles up, and in the middle of these debates we have occasionally felt like walking across and pummeling one another, but we are close friends.  But he is right--and I mean this sincerely--about one important thing. We should make a decision. We should shut this sucker down or we should fund it. I have been fighting this fight for 30 years as a Senator, and it is always a bridge too far. I am not referring to my friend from Arizona because he says: Look, let's figure out how to reorganize this sucker; let's chop it, move it, change it, but whatever we are going to do, let's do it.  I agree. Let's have the final fight here. Not tonight. Let's this year have a fight over whether or not to reauthorize Amtrak. Let's do it. If we do it--whatever we call it, subsidy or not--let's pay for it. If we call them giveaways, whatever it is, let's just be realistic and decide, is it worth the price?  It reminds me--and I will end with this--every single year I have come on this floor since the Nixon administration, and said: I will take whatever you can give me; just keep part of it open; just keep it open. It was always less than everyone said was needed to make it run. It kind of reminds me of when we talk about vouchers--I am not talking about my friend from Arizona--we talk about vouchers for school.  In my State, the cost of the average private school is about $1,500. If you go to the real private schools, they cost about $13,000 a year, like down here in Washington. If I go to some African-American or Latino kid in the neighborhood and say: You have $500. Here it is. I could give him $5,000, if the cost is $13,000--I could give him $10,000--and he can't get there. That is kind of where Amtrak is. There is no way to get from here to there without funding it, like I guess we have basically reached an agreement on. We are going to get, at least initially here, a reform.  I thank my friend. I really hope this year he and I and others--the leader in this deal for me has always been Senator Hollings, and now Patty Murray, who has for the last I don't know how many years headed up this subcommittee. I think we should just have a knockdown, drag it out debate about whether we should have the railroad or not. If we have it, fund it. If not, let's get rid of it.  