 President, I support the nomination of Ambassador Philip S. Goldberg to be the Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and Research at the Department of State and urge my colleagues to support this nomination. The Intelligence Committee unanimously approved Ambassador Goldberg's nomination on December 10, 2009.  The Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and Research leads the Bureau of Intelligence and Research at the Department of State, a well-respected analytic agency within the Intelligence Community, known as ``INR.'' INR produces all-source intelligence analysis to advise the Secretary of State and other senior policy officials. INR is as an active participant in the Intelligence Community and contributes to products published by the National Intelligence Council. Its analysts, while far fewer in number than the analysts at the Central Intelligence Agency and the Defense Intelligence Agency, are highly expert in their fields and often improve the quality of coordinated intelligence assessments by challenging the views of other agencies and, if necessary, dissenting from consensus judgments that they believe to be incorrect or unsubstantiated.  One important example of INR's independent minded approach occurred in 2002, when INR dissented from the official judgment of the intelligence community regarding Iraq's weapons of mass destruction program. INR analysts expressed less certainty regarding the claim that Iraq was reconstituting nuclear weapons, taking a different view on the purpose of Saddam Hussein's pursuit of aluminum tubing. History, of course, proved the INR analysts to be correct, as Iraq was not reconstituting a nuclear weapons program.  As an assistant secretary, Ambassador Goldberg will lead a talented, experienced group of analysts, whose work offers invaluable insights to policymakers at the Department of State and throughout the government. INR analysts produce open source products as well, including reports based on global public opinion polling and foreign media analysis.  INR also serves a critical coordinating function. It is the intermediary between intelligence activities and the Intelligence Community on one hand and foreign policy and U.S. embassies on the other. INR represents the Department of State's perspective within the intelligence community and ensures that the benefits of intelligence activities outweigh any diplomatic risks. Ambassador Goldberg's experience serving in and managing U.S. embassies abroad will be very important as he helps to align intelligence and diplomatic priorities.  Ambassador Goldberg's distinguished 20-year career in the Foreign Service prepares him well for his new position. He served as the charge d'affairs and deputy chief of mission in Santiago, Chile, the chief of mission in Pristina, Kosovo, and in the U.S. embassies in Bogota, Colombia, and Pretoria, South Africa. Ambassador Goldberg is a graduate of Boston University and before joining the Foreign Service he worked for the city of New York.  From 2006 to 2008, Ambassador Goldberg served as the Ambassador to Bolivia during a period of heightened tensions between our two countries. In mid-September 2008, President Evo Morales accused Ambassador Goldberg of supporting opposition forces, declared him persona non grata, and expelled him from the country. The Intelligence Committee carefully reviewed Ambassador Goldberg's conduct in Bolivia. We have found that Ambassador Goldberg acted appropriately during his tenure and followed the policies of the U.S. Government. In fact, an inspector general report on the embassy published in September 2008 gave Ambassador Goldberg and his deputy high marks, stating that ``The Ambassador and the deputy chief of mission (DCM) provide clear policy guidance and leadership . . . [They gather] input and advice from their staff, forging an excellent working relationship among all agencies and sections at post.''  After Ambassador Goldberg's expulsion from Bolivia, the State Department strongly defended Ambassador Goldberg, both in public press remarks and in internal memoranda. In short, the Intelligence Committee believes that Ambassador Goldberg acted professionally and bears no blame for the Bolivian decision to expel him.  Since June 2009, Ambassador Goldberg has served as the Coordinator for the Implementation of United Nations Resolution 1874, which imposed economic and commercial sanctions on North Korea. In this position, Ambassador Goldberg has relied on sensitive intelligence reporting to build a diplomatic consensus to search North Korean cargo.  President Obama nominated Ambassador Goldberg on October 23, 2009. After completing the pre-hearing procedures, the Intelligence Committee held a confirmation hearing on the nomination on December 1, 2009. As part of the confirmation process, Ambassador Goldberg was asked to complete a Committee questionnaire, pre-hearing questions, and post-hearing questions for the record. The answers he provided have all been posted to the intelligence committee's website. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee also held a hearing on Ambassador Goldberg's nomination on November 19, 2009.  In sum, Ambassador Goldberg will be an asset to INR and to the intelligence community. His management experience leading foreign embassies will serve him well as he takes the helm of INR. His background--particularly his service as a diplomat on four continents--prepares him to address the range of global intelligence questions INR analysts address.  I look forward to working with Ambassador Goldberg as he leads a highly respected and important agency within the intelligence community. I urge the Senate to approve Ambassador Goldberg's nomination.  