 President, I rise to express my strong support for the nomination of California Superior Court Judge Lucy Koh to be a U.S. district judge for the Northern District of California.  Judge Koh is a well-respected lawyer and judge in California. Over the course of her career, she has been a State trial judge, an intellectual property lawyer, a Federal prosecutor, and a counsel in Congress and the Justice Department.  For the last 2 years, she has been a superior court judge for Santa Clara County and has adjudicated cases ranging from criminal prosecutions to commercial litigation matters to family law disputes.  She spent 8 years representing business clients as an intellectual property litigator at private law firms in Silicon Valley.  She spent 3 years prosecuting bank robberies, securities fraud, and other Federal crimes as an assistant U.S. attorney in southern California.  And she spent 4 years working in Washington as a special assistant to the Deputy Attorney General and a counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee.  She has received the FBI Director's Award for demonstrated excellence in prosecuting a major criminal case and has been named one of the ``Top 40 lawyers under 40'' by the Silicon Valley/San Jose Business Journal.  As a Judge, the reviews have been equally positive. California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, for example, has called her ``an exemplary jurist with an unparalleled track record,'' and described her approach as ``careful and balanced.''  She is a talented woman with a solid background in the law. I commend Senator Boxer for recommending her for the district court and the President for nominating her. I have the utmost confidence that she will serve the Northern District of California with distinction as a U.S. district judge.  Judge Koh's confirmation will also be a historic one for our Federal courts.  If confirmed, Judge Koh will be the first Korean American woman ever to serve the United States as a Federal district judge, and she will be the first Asian-American district judge appointed to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. This is a district that serves one of the Nation's largest populations of Asian Pacific Americans, but for over 150 years there has not been a district judge of Asian Pacific descent on the court. Judge Koh will be the first, and her appointment is one for us all to celebrate. I urge my colleagues to support her.  Before I conclude my remarks, I want to call attention to another nominee for this district court whom we unfortunately are not voting on today.  Magistrate Judge Edward Chen has also been nominated to be district judge for the Northern District of California. Here is the timeline:  The President first nominated Magistrate Judge Chen on August 6, 2009. That was over 300 days ago.  The Judiciary Committee reported his nomination to the floor on October 15, 2009.  Although the nomination was pending for 70 days, it was never acted on and there was not consent to allow the nomination to be carried over into 2010.  On January 20, 2010, the President renominated Chen, and on February 4, his nomination was reported out of the Judiciary Committee once again. That was over 120 days ago. Still, he has not received a vote.  I find this extremely disappointing. In my 17 years on the Senate Judiciary Committee, I have voted against only one district court nominee. That was Leon Holmes. I had serious concerns about his views on the role of women in society, and I explained my concerns in detail in a statement on the floor. I have not voted against any other district court nominee.  Yet in just 17 months of the Obama administration, not one, not two, not three, but four district court nominees have come out of committee on straight party-line votes. And they are all still pending on the floor. I think that is a very unfortunate direction for us to go in.  Look at the merits of the Chen nomination. I understand that some have concerns because he spent time working for the American Civil Liberties Union before he became a magistrate judge. But this is a nominee with a proven track record. There is no need to ask how he will be as a judge--the evidence is in.  Chen has spent 9 years as a magistrate judge and written over 200 published opinions. There has not been a single objection in committee or on the floor to even one of his decisions.  In 2008, an impartial Federal Magistrate Judge Merit Selection Review Panel reviewed his full record. The Panel unanimously recommended him for reappointment.  Federal prosecutors were ``uniformly positive'' about Chen and called his rulings ``balanced'' and ``well reasoned.'' The local civil bar called him ``well prepared,'' ``very intelligent,'' and ``decisive.'' The judgment was made--he is a very good judge.  I asked Republican-appointed U.S. district judges who work with Judge Chen for their opinions. Again the comments were uniformly positive.  District Judge Lowell Jensen served as the No. 2 official in the Reagan Justice Department. He called Chen ``an excellent jurist and a person of high character'' and said Chen's decisions ``reflect not only good judgment, but a complete commitment to the principles of fair trial and the application of the rule of law.''  My own bipartisan selection committee in the Northern District reviewed Chen at length. He was their consensus choice for the district court. A bipartisan selection committee under the Bush administration also recommended him. And the American Bar Association has unanimously rated him ``well qualified.''  So this is a nominee with a solid and publicly available track record. He hasstrong bipartisan support in the community he has been nominated to serve. And he has the support of his two home State Senators.  It is long past time for an up-or-down vote on his nomination.  I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the nomination of Judge Lucy Koh, and I also urge consent on a time agreement to let us move forward on the nomination of Magistrate Judge Edward Chen.  Thank you so very much. I yield the floor, and I note the absence of a quorum.  