 President, I rise in opposition to Amendment No. 4253, which would prevent the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency from enforcing its lead paint renovation rule.  As we all know, lead poisoning can lead to learning and behavioral disorders so it is absolutely vital that all precautions are taken to protect children from exposure to lead paint. EPA issued the Lead Paint Renovation Rule because more than one million of America's children are still being poisoned by lead-based paint in their homes.  This new rule, which was finalized on April 22nd of this year, requires that contractors receive lead paint abatement training and certification from EPA to do work in certain facilities like homes, schools and day care centers.  I certainly appreciate the concerns that Senator Collins, Senator Alexander and other members have raised on behalf of contractors who have had difficulty getting access to their required training particularly in States like Tennessee that have recently experienced natural disasters.  Two weeks ago when the Committee marked up this bill, I committed to Senators Collins and Alexander that my staff and I would work with them, and with EPA, to see if their concerns could be addressed.  Our staffs worked with EPA for several days, but unfortunately, we were not able to come to an agreement regarding an administrative solution to this problem. However, I want to emphasize that EPA has gotten the message that Members are concerned, and they are taking steps to improve the situation.  EPA had already indicated in an April 20, 2010 memorandum that it does not plan to take enforcement actions against firms who applied for certification before the rule took effect on April 22nd and are just waiting for their paperwork to be approved.  Now they are focusing on making more training opportunities available. An estimated 250,000 contractors have already been trained, and EPA has committed to help make additional training classes available in under-represented areas and areas affected by natural disasters so that contractors in those areas aren't unduly impacted by this rule.  EPA is also working to increase the number of training providers. As of May 19th, there were 223 accredited providers offering lead paint abatement training across the country, including 119 providers that travel to multiple States.  EPA tells me that 238 additional training providers have also applied to become accredited. When approved, these trainers will more than double the nation's training capacity.  I understand that some of my colleagues continue to be concerned that EPA still has not done enough. However, this amendment is not the solution we are looking for.  Supporters of this amendment have portrayed it as a common-sense solution that simply allows contractors additional time to get lead paint abatement training required by the rule.  In reality, passing this amendment would put the United States Senate on record as supporting efforts to prevent EPA from fining those who knowingly violate the provisions of the rule--even if those actions result in lead poisoning of children.  A contractor who willfully takes no precautions to contain or confine lead contaminated paint chips would be given a reprieve. I am also concerned that this amendment could excuse renovators from complying with the most basic containment and cleanup measures.  I appreciate the concerns that my colleagues have raised. But this amendment is simply a bridge too far. Loosening protections against childhood lead poisoning is the wrong message to send.  That is why the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, Lisa Jackson, and the Chairman of the Committee on the Environment and Public Works, Senator Boxer, oppose this amendment. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment as well.  