 President, I wish to say a few words in favor of the Conrad-Gregg amendment which will shortly be before us and in opposition to the Baucus amendment.  I have worked for some time to try to produce legislation that would create a commission which could be like a BRAC commission and deal with what I consider to be the most formidable problem facing this government.  Every Wednesday during the summer and spring, I have a constituent breakfast. One of the things I do at that breakfast is show what debt and deficit really means. One of the best ways--you learn this when you do a budget, and I learned it when I was mayor of San Francisco and for 9 years put together a budget--is to look at what is actually spent, total numbers. That gives you the real clue. It is called outlays, Federal outlays.  What have Federal outlays been? In 2009, 50 percent of everything the Federal Government paid out went to entitlements. What are entitlements? Medicare, Social Security, veterans' benefits--things that cannot be controlled--if you are entitled to them, you get them. Look at interest on the debt, which is 5 percent. If you look at discretionary defense, it is 18 percent. And if you look at everything else the Federal Government does that everybody talks about--education, agriculture, justice, the 22 agencies in Homeland Security--it is just 16 percent of what is spent. If you add together the 50 percent and the 5 percent of interest, we see 55 percent of everything the Federal Government spends this year cannot be controlled. We have to spend it. All the rest that is discretionary is rather small in comparison. If we project that out 10 years--and I must say that new numbers are coming out tomorrow, so this is the latest number I have--entitlements go up to 56 percent and interest on the debt to 14 percent; that is, 70 percent of everything that will be spent in the year 2019 if things are projected forward cannot be controlled. Discretionary defense is 16 percent, and nondiscretionary--again, everything else--is 14 percent. If you wanted to balance out, you could eliminate everything in discretionary spending and you could not solve the problem.  That is what is happening. Entitlements are expanding to an inordinate amount of what the Federal Government pays out every year. It does not matter whether something is in the budget or not in the budget; if you have to pay for it and spend it, it contributes to the deficit and that translates into debt. It is a very major problem.  That is why I rise today in support of the amendment offered by Senators Conrad and Gregg to establish a bipartisan commission to tackle this issue and look at these programs--namely, Social Security and Medicare--and make some recommendations as to how they can be changed, amended, melded to essentially be able to maintain themselves over time. We know both these programs are the third rail of American politics. Past Congresses and past Presidents have failed to take the steps necessary to ensure their long-term viability. Social Security will start running out of money in 2037, and Medicare will start to run out of money before the end of this decade. In 7 years, in 2017, Medicare will begin to run out of money.  This is an opportunity to take a concept which has worked before--namely, the Greenspan Commission, which in 1983 added years to Social Security solvency--and have a 1-year commission, which is the Conrad-Gregg commission, to deal with this debt. It would be an opportunity to get our Nation's finances back on track. If we could have done it, we would have done it. If we could have done it, why didn't we? Why year after year do we refuse to face the issues? 