 I spoke on this very floor about the fact that I did not like the estate tax. I did not think wealthy Americans needed a sustained tax cut. Then I began to make some calls to economists. What I found was a kind of double-edged sword. One, they did believe the package had a stimulative nature of anywhere between .6 and 1.1 percent, .6 being about 600,000 jobs--so 600,000 to 1.2 million jobs; unemployment insurance was stimulative; the payroll tax cut was stimulative, et cetera; and that we needed to do this.  But then the flip side. And the flip side was, we are now reaching 63 percent of GDP in debt. What will happen is one day, if this continues, we will go off a cliff economically.  Some time ago, during the end of the Bush administration, many of us were on a phone call. We heard Secretary Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke say that we are on the brink of a major collapse of this economy. Everything could go down--banks, credit institutions, et cetera.  I never thought this could ever happen in America. I now know that the unprecedented can, in effect, happen in America, and that when we vote for a package that puts almost $1 trillion additional on debt and deficit, we had better have a way to make a pivot, as some people have called it, and do those things that can curb expenditures.  We are fortunate. This National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility outlines a course. Not everything do I agree with, just like the tax bill. But, nonetheless, it is a course of action which can bring down this debt and bring down this deficit. I am very proud of those Members who voted to sustain this report. Even with 11 Members, I think it gives the kind of substantial ability to this report to bring it before this body.  I would hope that before we have to raise the debt ceiling, we would have before us a package, that we would set limits on spending, that we would freeze pay across the board, that we would make substantial across-the-board cuts in travel, in printing, and those things, not because that is a big item but because it is an item that wakes up people. I found that on a city level. It exists on a State level, and it exists on a Federal level.  There is much we can do, and I think at 63 percent of GDP, this debt and deficit says to America: America, be concerned. America and American business, come home. Build your plants here. Help us rebuild this great country. Help us build the industries of the future. But at the same time, right now, we have got to make very deep cuts across the board.  I yield the floor.  