 President, I rise today to support the Creating American Jobs and Ending Offshoring Act. The bill before us utilizes both carrots and sticks. It ends certain egregious tax breaks that promote the movement of American jobs overseas, and provides a payroll tax holiday to companies that relocate jobs back to the United States.  I thank Senators Durbin, Reid, Schumer and Dorgan for their initiative in crafting legislation designed to create more jobs on American soil at a time when it is critical. This bill is a positive first step.  Robust industry has always been the hallmark of American competitiveness.  It once was that you could see the ``Made in America'' logo on the back of a t-shirt, on a shoe, a dress, a coat, and knew that you had a product that was both high quality and safe.  But from 2000-2005, U.S. companies slashed 2.1 million jobs in the United States while hiring 784,000 jobs internationally. This is from the Bureau of Economic Analysis.  Examples are the iconic little red wagon company, ``Radio Flyer'' eliminated half its workforce in Chicago and moved its manufacturing operations to China in 2004; Levi Strauss cut its workforce by roughly 20 percent, closing factories across the country and outsourcing its manufacturing work to Latin America in 2002; Motorola has laid off over 40,000 workers and invested more than $3 billion in China in 2001; and; recently, the Whirlpool Corporation announced it will close a refrigerator plant in Evanston, Indiana, resulting in the loss of hundreds of jobs. Whirlpool has plans to open a new plant in Mexico.  And Hewlett Packard is opening a global call center in Chongquing, China. The reason for all these relocations is plain and simple--less cost.  Today, the ``Made in America'' logo is not often seen, and with its demise has been the loss of good American jobs.  It is time for the United States to refocus on a modernized industrial policy that promotes global competitiveness and creates jobs for the American people.  And this legislation is a beginning.  Simply put, we can no longer hang our hats on American inventiveness and ingenuity while ignoring the steady stream of jobs lost to our international competitors.  Americans have always had good ideas, but those good ideas used to lead to good jobs here in the United States. Now, our intellectual property contributes to abundant employment opportunities, but many are often in other countries.  American industry has changed the world. From the automobile to the airplane, from landing a man on the moon to developing the Internet, the combination of revolutionary ideas and productive labor has been the backbone of American strength for generations.  But we should not be willing to cede that essential part of our American identity. We must find a way to ensure that American ingenuity creates American jobs.  Statistics indicate that we are losing our identity as a manufacturing power--and that is bad news for this country.  Thirty years ago, the founder of Sony and the head of the august Keidanren in Japan said to me: ``When America ceases to be a manufacturing power, she will become a second-rate power.''  I have thought a lot about those words over the decades as I have seen American jobs go overseas.  The slow bleed of manufacturing jobs has been a stark reality for years. From 1997 to 2007, the U.S. manufacturing sector lost 3.5 million jobs--an estimated 20 percent of the workforce.  But offshoring isn't just a problem for factory workers, it is having a growing impact on the service sector as well. Today, even highly skilled workers can no longer rely on their education or training to obtain a job or have any measure of job security. It is estimated that 1.2 million white-collar jobs were sent offshore between 2003-2008; the Bureau of Labor Statistics estimates that 31 percent of service-sector jobs are currently at risk of being sent overseas; at the current rate, 25 percent of all U.S. jobs may be in danger of being shipped overseas in the next 10 years, from the CRS.  Several studies indicate that up to 250,000 American jobs may go overseas by 2015; and this includes highly skilled fields like computer science and mathematics, which are becoming increasingly vulnerable to being sent overseas.  The Creating American Jobs and Ending Offshoring Act is a first step toward addressing these trends. The bill provides a payroll tax break to companies that move jobs back to America--employer share--roughly 8 percent of salary--2 year holiday; eliminates the tax breaks that have provided incentives to companies to move production and jobs overseas--eliminates tax deduction, loss, or credit for costs associated with moving operation overseas; and; ends tax deferral for companies that move production overseas, only to sell those products back in the U.S.  The time has come for Congress and the business community to come up with an industrial policy that will promote American competitiveness and create jobs.  While we have promoted trade and globalization, we have overlooked the negative effect it has on job creation here in the U.S. Many of our businesses have thrived in the modern global marketplace, but our policies here at home lag behind.  Free trade may reduce the price of goods, but this doesn't do much good if unemployed Americans can't afford to buy them.  We need to look at the structure of taxation, of education, and of health care. We need to decide what must change in order to achieve our goals.  In August I spoke to a gathering of the top business minds in Silicon Valley. With California's unemployment rate lingering at 12.4 percent, much of the discussion turned to maintaining American dominance in a way that would engender job creation in my home State.  I asked them to work with me to find common ground on these issues.  Today, I ask all of us in the Senate to do the same.  The provisions included in the Creating American Jobs and Ending Offshoring Act are a positive first step.  However, to profoundly impact the future of American industrial competitiveness, we cannot rely solely on carrots and sticks.  We as a government must lay a stable foundation upon which American business ingenuity can foster top down growth. And the business community must focus not only on the bottom line. It must rededicate itself to the pursuit of a thriving American economy and labor force.  Bottom line: These are the things we must do if we are to maintain America's position as the driving force of the global economy. This legislation is a good first step down this road.  