 The Dodd-Lincoln bill, as currently drafted, takes major steps to reform the $600 trillion derivatives market. I don't think people understand how big this market is. It would require every trade to be reported in real time to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. It would require that all cleared contracts be traded on an exchange or on a swap execution facility, therefore, guaranteeing transparency. It would require that speculative position limits be set in aggregate for each commodity instead of contract by contract--to assure effectiveness. It would require foreign boards of trade to adhere to minimum standards comparable to those in the United States, including reporting requirements. The provision is designed to address the underlying problem of the so-called London loophole.  I very much support these positions. However, I am very concerned that the bill doesn't go far enough to address the London loophole. This loophole has allowed for the trading of United States energy commodities, such as crude oil, on foreign exchanges, without oversight from the United States regulators. This means there is no cop on the beat to shield U.S. oil prices from manipulation or excessive speculation when they are traded in foreign markets, such as commodities exchanges in London, Dubai, or Shanghai.  The amendment I am proposing along with my colleagues would allow the CFTC to require foreign boards of trade to register with the CFTC, which would give the Commodity Futures Trading Commission the enforcement authority it needs. It is supported by the chairman of the CFTC, Gary Gensler. This provision was in President Obama's original proposed financial reform bill, and I think it is critical to pass in this bill.  Let me explain what has become known as the London loophole. In the wake of the California energy crisis, we learned that most energy trading had been exempted from regulation by the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000, at the urging of a company by the name of Enron. Using the Enron loophole, this notorious firm pioneered over-the-counter energy derivatives trading. It set up EnronOnline, an electronic market for trading physical and derivatives energy contracts. It was a marketplace with no transparency, no paper trail that could be audited, no speculative position limits, and absolutely no government oversight to prevent fraud, manipulation, or protect the public interest. Enron was a participant in every trade, and only Enron knew the prices. It used EnronOnline and other trading forums to fleece California consumers for $40 billion over 2 years of increased energy prices.  Shockingly, much of what Enron had set up was legal because Congress had stripped the Commodity Futures Trading Commission of its enforcement power. Terrible.  From 2002 on, I worked with Senators Snowe, Cantwell, Levin, and many others to restore regulatory oversight to energy derivatives. We tried in 2002 on this floor, and in 2003 and 2004 to regulate energy derivatives, but we were stopped and stymied. Opponents, such as Alan Greenspan, have since said their opposition was mistaken.  Finally, in 2008--6 years after we started--we were able to close this notorious Enron loophole in an amendment to the farm bill, of all things. The amendment imposed meaningful regulation, including speculative position limits and market oversight. So the CFTC began monitoring these markets for fraud and manipulation for the first time in 10 years.  But as Congress took steps to establish regulatory oversight of domestic energy derivatives markets, Wall Street traders moved to avoid U.S. regulation. They began to turn to offshore markets.  The successor to EnronOnline, the Intercontinental Exchange in Atlanta, bought a London exchange, converted it into an electronic exchange, and began listing American oil futures abroad. That is a way speculators could go right around American regulation and avoid it.  West Texas Intermediate crude has been one of the highest volume contracts on this London exchange since 2006. This contract has what is called a price discovery impact because it is commonly referenced as the standard market price of oil. This new regulatory loophole has thus become known as the London loophole. But firms also listed American energy commodity derivatives in Dubai and Singapore and opened their electronic platforms to American traders.  This new electronically traded marketplace allows American traders, simply put, to evade American market oversight and speculation limits. The practical implication of this is that U.S. traders can use offshore electronic exchanges to artificially drive up prices of U.S. commodities without any consequences from our Nation's market regulators. This is a big problem.  In 2008, a CFTC report found that traders using this London exchange to trade U.S. crude oil futures held positions far larger than would be allowed by American regulators. In fact, from 2006 to 2008, at least one trader position exceeded United States speculation limits every single week on the London exchange, and British regulators have done nothing about it. The good news is that some steps have been taken administratively to address this loophole.  In 2008, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission negotiated an agreement with British regulators to bring greater oversight to American commodities contracts traded in London. The agreement called for speculation limits for the electronic trading of U.S. energy commodities, such as crude oil on foreign exchanges, and required recordkeeping and an audit trail so you can look at them for fraud or manipulation. Without an audit trail, it is all in the dark. But CFTC--and here is the cruncher--has limited legal authority to enforce this agreement.  Bottom line: We need to make sure the CFTC can oversee trading of American commodities, whether it happens through a computer server located on Wall Street or in Singapore.  The Dodd-Lincoln bill currently before us includes some important provisions to help close the London loophole. As drafted, the bill will require foreign boards of trade that provide access to American traders to comply with comparable rules enforced by a foreign regulator, to publish trading information daily, to supply data to the CFTC, and to enforce position limits. However, the CFTC is unable to force a foreign board of trade to comply with those requirements. And that is just fact. This is because the CFTC's current method of overseeing foreign exchanges has tenuous legal underpinnings due to a Commodity Exchange Act provision forbidding the CFTC from regulating foreign boards of trade. In many instances, our regulatory body, the CFTC, can take action against a U.S. trader trading a U.S. commodity on a foreign exchange to prevent manipulation or excessive speculation only with the cooperation and consent of the foreign regulator.  The other more controversial option is for the CFTC to completely ban the foreign exchange from all U.S. operations. Not surprisingly, they shy away from enforcement in the face of these regulatory obstacles.  We have a bill that still does not provide strong regulation. It still allows American derivatives traders to avoid American regulations by trading on a foreign electronic platform in Dubai, London, and other places as well. That is why we--Senator Snowe, Senator Levin, Senator Cantwell, and I--are offering a proposal to allow the CFTC to require foreign boards of trade to register with the CFTC, which would give it the enforcement authority it needs.  Quickly, here are the benefits of the amendment.  First, the registration process itself would give CFTC the authority to impose regulatory requirements as a condition of registration.  Second, a formal registration process would assure that foreign boards of trade all follow the same set of rules.  And third, the registration process would provide a much clearer basis for CFTC decisions to refuse or withdraw permission to foreign boards of trade wishing to allow American traders on their exchange.  Finally, and most important, all of CFTC's existing enforcement authorities apply to registered entities under the Commodity Exchange Act. This amendment would allow the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to enforce its own statute with regard to foreign exchanges operating in the United States. This is a moderate, practical amendment to assure that we give our regulator the authority to enforce the statutory provisions already in the legislation.  There are powerful interests out there that are opposed to this. They want to be able to avoid our law. They want to be able to trade over the London exchange. We negotiated with them to close the Enron loophole. We had ICE in our office. They agreed to it. It took 6 months of negotiation. Do you know what they did? They then went offshore, bought the London exchange, changed it to an electronic trading platform to avoid the very agreement they agreed with, that we legislated and enacted. That is fact. Guess what. It burns me up. And I do not intend to quit because I do not like to be duped that way, whether it is Goldman Sachs and ICE or anybody else. If you give your word, you make an agreement. You do not go offshore to avoid that agreement.  Now that I have cooled down, this is a moderate, practical amendment to assure that we give the Commodity Futures Trading Commission the authority to enforce the statutory provisions already in the proposed legislation. Why would we want legislation which cannot be enforced? Why would we want legislation that ties their hands? Why would we want legislation that allows somebody simply to avoid this law by trading what amounts to $600 trillion of derivatives in Dubai or in London or in Shanghai or anywhere else?  Guess what. These electronic exchanges will be set up everywhere to avoid this bill. That is why we have to give the Commodity Futures Trading Commission the authority to see that these foreign exchanges register with them and agree to abide by the laws of the United States of America.  I think it is important that we do this, and I do not intend to quit one way or another, if it takes me 6 years to get it done, as it did the last one. I have no respect for traders who look to go around U.S. law.  As we crack down on traders in our markets, we must be ever vigilant to assure that traders sitting on Wall Street do not avoid our regulations by trading on electronic exchanges with computer servers in London or Dubai or Singapore.  This amendment is an improvement of the London loophole provisions in the Dodd-Lincoln bill by making these provisions easily enforceable. It is the final piece to go in, to close the London loophole, which should never have been opened in the first place, and to ensure that our government has what it needs to protect American markets from manipulation and excessive speculation, no matter where U.S. energy commodities are traded.  I expect the big boys to speak out against it. But I will tell you something: Everybody in the West who knows how they were fleeced back in 1999 and 2000 by Enron clearly will understand the value of being able to enforce the law of this country. We should ask for no less.  I know I cannot call up the amendment at the present time, but I hope I will have that opportunity to do so later.  I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Burris). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  