  Forty-seven percent of employers use credit reports to screen at least some potential hires, according to the Society for Human Resource Management. Thirteen percent of employers checked the credit history of all hires.  Unfortunately, many of our country's 15 million unemployed are facing more challenges than ever. For instance, some have seen their credit drop precipitously as a result of the economic downturn. In some cases, their credit history is affecting their ability to find employment.  My amendment would prohibit employers from using a consumer credit report as a condition of employment. It would impact potential hires and current workers.  Put simply, an employer would not be able to hire or fire someone based upon their credit history.  I certainly understand that some jobs require workers to display a pattern of financial responsibility. To that end, my amendment would exempt those applying for the following:  Positions at financial institutions, including banks and credit unions, that require substantive work with customer accounts and funds; jobs that require a national security or Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation clearance; State or local government jobs that otherwise require a credit report; and, positions otherwise requiring credit checks by law.  This amendment is similar to a bill introduced in the House of Representatives by Representative Steve Cohen known as the Equal Employment for All Act, H.R. 3149.  Why is this legislation needed? As of March 2010, 15 million Americans continue to struggle with unemployment, and over 2.3 million of them live in my State alone.  It is critical that obstacles to employment be removed for these victims of the economic downturn.  During these difficult times, many unemployed Americans have seen their credit scores reduced precipitously for events largely outside of their control. These events include bankruptcy, foreclosure, and credit card debt.  Millions of American homeowners have also experienced foreclosure over the past 3 years. Through the first 3 months of this year alone, 216,000 have been filed in California. Last year, more than 1 million foreclosures were filed in my State.  Foreclosures can have a devastating impact on one's credit history. Moreover, responsible alternatives to foreclosure, such as a short sale or loan modification can also affect a homeowner's credit.  A short sale can reduce a homeowner's credit score between 200 to 300 points, according to the Third Way.  And in a report prepared by First American CoreLogic, in February 2010, 35 percent of California homeowners were underwater, or owed more on their mortgage than the value of their home. This means that short sales, in which a homeowner sells a home for less than they owe, will likely continue as an alternative to foreclosure.  According to the National Bankruptcy Research Center, more than 1.4 million individuals and businesses filed for bankruptcy in 2009. This is a 32-percent increase over the prior year 2008.  Federal Reserve statistics show that average credit card debt in the U.S. per household is over $16,000.  These are disturbing trends, and display a pattern of difficult financial situations facing many Americans.  Unfortunately, if you have lost your job in this economy, these circumstances are often out of your control. But, they should not impede your ability to find another job.  I have received many heartbreaking letters from Californians facing these situations. They can't pay off debt because their debt is limiting their ability to find work.  For example, a chemist from San Diego wrote to me about her student loans, which have ballooned from $60,000 to $110,000. At the time she wrote, she had been unemployed for 15 months.  But, she feels she cannot find a job in the field she trained for due to her poor credit score.  A former job recruiter from Corona wrote to share her firsthand experience with this practice, which prevented her from hiring well-qualified, experienced candidates. This constituent, herself now unemployed and late on her mortgage payment, is worried that her credit will now prevent her from finding a new job in the recruiting field.  These are just two examples of how credit history is posing an unnecessary obstacle for the long-term unemployed.  An April 9, 2010, article in the New York Times highlighted the issue that my amendment seeks to address.  It cited testimony provided by an executive of the credit bureau TransUnion before the Oregon legislature. He stated that he was not aware of research linking job performance to the contents of a worker's credit report.  Research by Professor Jerry K. Palmer of Eastern Kentucky University has also found no correlation between worker performance and the strength of their credit report.  While credit bureaus argue that credit background checks are a helpful tool in preventing employee theft and workplace violence, little evidence supports that conclusion.  To be clear, I recognize that in some cases, a credit history is important. Mortgage brokers or bank employees working with deposits should be able to demonstrate a responsible credit history.  That is why my bill would exempt these industries from the prohibition in my amendment.  The unemployment situation in California is untenable. It is my goal to develop fiscally responsible solutions to help those in need.  My amendment does just that.  Workers should not be prevented from a job they are well-qualified for, on account of reasons beyond their control.  If my colleagues have concerns about this legislation, I am happy to work with them to improve it.  I hope this amendment will be adopted and provide assurance to workers that their credit will not keep them out of work.  Mr. President, I have also filed an amendment to the Wall Street Reform legislation that would require the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to undertake a study on the availability of credit to the unemployed.  An article in the Los Angeles Times in March 2010 highlighted a disturbing new trend in the payday lending industry targeting the unemployed. Specifically, payday lenders are providing cash advances to individuals using unemployment checks as collateral.  This is a troubling practice, especially for those surviving solely on their unemployment benefits.  In California, payday loans can carry interest rates of up to 459 percent.  In light of this, I believe more must be done to ensure reasonable and fair credit terms are available to the unemployed.  This Wall Street Reform bill creates a research unit within the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection housed at the Federal Reserve.  My amendment would require this unit to conduct a study on the following:  The effects of payday lending on the unemployed; the potential impacts, both positive and negative, of providing payday loans to individuals using their unemployment checks as collateral; alternative credit options for the unemployed, including the accessibility and costs associated with them; and policy recommendations that the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection could implement to prevent unscrupulous lending practices.  This report would be completed within 1-year of the bill's enactment and be made available to the public.  To be clear, my amendment would not provide the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection with any new authorities, nor require it to carry out the study's recommendations. It is intended as a guide for the Bureau as it works on rules to protect consumers, notably the unemployed, from deceptive and predatory lending practices.  In California, those individuals who turn to cash advances from payday lenders can expect to pay roughly $15 in fees for every $100 they borrow.  This interest rate, when expressed in terms of an annual percentage rate, amounts to 459 percent. While this is the maximum rate that may be charged for a payday loan in California, some States, such as Delaware and Wisconsin, have no interest rate limit at all.  The maximum payday loan that can be extended to a borrower at any one time in California is $300.  So in practical terms, a borrower wishing to take out the maximum $300 payday loan will pay $45 in fees just to borrow $255.  Often, borrowers must take out additional payday loans in order to pay off their current debts. In 2006, approximately 450,000 borrowers in California made more than six back-to-back payday loans.  Such reliance on this form of credit can lead some working families to fall into a harmful spiral of debt.  Over 2.3 million people in California are out work and roughly 100,000 of them have reached the 99-week maximum for receiving unemployment benefits.  The average unemployed Californian receives roughly $300 a week in benefits, which is also the State's limit for a payday loan.  Typically, payday loans are offered as advances on paychecks and should be used in cases of emergency. Such cases include falling short on bills or rent during a difficult month.  However, unemployment, especially in this economy, can be long-term. Payday loans may not offer a sustainable solution.  Unemployment is one of the underlying factors contributing to the rise in foreclosures throughout our country. In California alone, over 215,000 foreclosures were filed in just the first 3 months of this year. In tough months, those facing the dual threat of unemployment and foreclosure need to access credit more than ever.  And now, payday lenders have made it easier for the unemployed to fall into a cycle of debt.  By offering cash advances on their primary source of income, Federal or State unemployment benefit checks, payday lenders are specifically targeting this vulnerable group of borrowers.  Now is not the time to be doing this.  Such high loan fees are a burden for those surviving solely on their unemployment benefits.  So why is this study important?  Studies and reports on the effects of payday lending are already available, some of which consider its benefits and others its burden to borrowers. But the study required by my amendment should offer much more than just the pros and cons of payday lending.  I hope this study will determine if payday lending practices, including cash advances on unemployment checks, are useful credit options for the unemployed.  If they provide a benefit, I hope the study's recommendations will make these loans more fair and reasonable to borrowers.  If not, the study should review and recommend alternative credit options for the unemployed.  As I mentioned, we all agree this is not the time to be exploiting the unemployed. Many of the unemployed are experiencing some desperate financial straits right now.  I believe policymakers should be provided with clear options to help improve the financial situation for them.  