 President, I rise to speak in support of an amendment I am offering to the Wall Street reform bill.  The Dodd-Lincoln bill, as currently drafted, takes major steps to reform the $900 trillion derivative markets. It would require every trade to be reported in real time to the CFTC; require all cleared contracts to be traded on an exchange or on a swap execution facility; require speculative position limits set in ``aggregate'' for each commodity, instead of contract by contract; and require foreign boards of trade to adhere to minimum standards comparable to those in the United States, including reporting requirements--this provision is designed to address the underlying problem of the so-called London Loophole.  I very much support these provisions. However, I am concerned that the bill doesn't go far enough to address the London loophole. This loophole has allowed for the trading of U.S. energy commodities--such as crude oil--on foreign exchanges without strong oversight from U.S. regulators.  This means that there is no cop on the beat to shield U.S. oil prices from manipulation or excessive speculation when they are traded in foreign markets, like commodities exchanges in London or Shanghai.  The amendment I am proposing would allow CFTC to require foreign boards of trade to register with CFTC, which would give CFTC the enforcement authority it needs. This provision was in President Obama's original proposed financial reform bill, and it is strongly supported by CFTC Chairman Gensler.  First, let me explain what has become known as the London loophole.  As Congress has taken steps to improve regulatory oversight of domestic commodity trading markets, Wall Street traders have increasingly turned to offshore markets to electronically trade U.S. energy futures--in order to evade American market oversight and speculation limits.  This new regulatory loophole earned its nickname--the London loophole--because America's most important crude oil contract--known as West Texas Intermediate--is today traded on the Intercontinental Exchange in London. This contract has what is called a price discovery impact because it is commonly referenced as the standard market price of oil.  The practical implication of this is that U.S. traders can use electronic exchanges based overseas to artificially drive up the prices of U.S. commodities--without any consequences from our Nation's market regulators. This is a major problem.  A 2008 CFTC report found that traders using this London exchange to trade U.S. crude oil futures held positions far larger than would be allowed by American regulators. In fact, from 2006 to 2008 at least one trader position exceeded U.S. speculation limits every single week on the London exchange, and British regulators had done nothing about it.  The good news is that some steps have been taken administratively to address this loophole.  In 2008, the CFTC negotiated an agreement with British regulators to bring greater oversight to American commodities contracts traded in London. The agreement called for speculation limits for the electronic trading of U.S. energy commodities--like crude oil--on foreign exchanges, and required recording-keeping and an audit trail. But CFTC has limited legal authority to enforce this agreement.  Bottom Line: We need to make sure the CFTC can oversee trading of American commodities, whether it happens through a computer server located on Wall Street or in Shanghai.  The Dodd-Lincoln bill currently before us does include some important provisions to help close the London loophole. As drafted, the bill will require foreign boards of trade that provide access to American traders to comply with comparable rules enforced by a foreign regulator, publish trading information daily, supply data to CFTC, and enforce position limits.  However, CFTC may be unable to force a Foreign Board of Trade to comply with these requirements.  This is because the CFTC's current method of overseeing foreign exchanges has tenuous legal underpinnings, due to a Commodity Exchange Act provision forbidding CFTC from ``regulating'' foreign boards of trade.  In many instances, the CFTC can take action against a U.S. trader on a foreign exchange to prevent manipulation or excessive speculation only with the cooperation and consent of the foreign regulator. The other, more controversial option is for the CFTC to completely ban the foreign exchange from all U.S. operations. Not surprisingly, the CFTC often shies away from enforcement, in the face of these regulatory obstacles.  That is why I am offering a proposal to allow CFTC to require foreign boards of trade to register with CFTC, which would give CFTC the enforcement authority it needs.  Here are the benefits of this amendment:  First, the registration process itself would give CFTC the authority to impose appropriate regulatory requirements as a condition of registration.  Second, a formal registration process would assure that foreign boards of trade all follow the same set of rules.  Third, the registration process would provide a much clearer basis for CFTC decisions to refuse or withdraw permission to foreign boards of trade wishing to allow American traders on their exchange.  Finally, and most importantly, all of CFTC's existing enforcement authorities apply to registered entities under the Commodity Exchange Act.  This amendment would therefore allow CFTC to enforce its own statute with regard to foreign exchanges operating in the United States.  This is a very moderate, practical amendment to assure that we give CFTC the authority to enforce the statutory provisions already in the proposed legislation. It would only provide the CFTC with equivalent authority to that held by virtually all foreign futures regulators--including the British.  I have worked for many years to bring about meaningful regulation of the derivatives markets, and that is why I am so pleased that Senators Lincoln and Dodd have brought forward the strongest derivatives regulatory proposal considered by this Congress.  But as we crack down on traders in our markets, we must be ever vigilant to assure that traders sitting on Wall Street do not avoid our regulations by trading on electronic exchanges with computer servers in London, or Dubai, or Singapore.  This amendment would improve the London loophole provisions in the Dodd-Lincoln bill, by making those provisions more easily enforceable.  It is the final piece necessary to close the London loophole, ensuring that our government has what it needs to protect American markets from manipulation and excessive speculation, no matter where U.S. energy commodities are traded.  I ask my colleagues to support this amendment.  