 President, I rise today to join my colleagues in mourning the loss of one of the Senate's legendary Members--Robert C. Byrd, the honorable senior Senator from the great State of West Virginia.  It wasn't too long ago that I looked right over there and I saw a desk draped in black with roses and it was one titan of the Senate--Senator Ted Kennedy. Today, I look down here and I see a desk draped in black with white roses and it is a second titan of the Senate.  I had the privilege of serving with Senator Byrd on the Appropriations Committee for some 16 years. I have had occasion to watch him. He could be very tough, he could be very caring, and he could have that twinkle in his eye. He could depart from the present text into Greek tragedy; into old Roman speaking. He had an incredibly curious mind. I think he is going to be greatly missed from this body.  I think of him representing the State of West Virginia for 51 years and serving 6 years in the House of Representatives. During all those 57 years, he served with the kind of devotion and passion that he showed in his last year here in the Senate, when he was very troubled by declining health. He has truly left an indelible imprint on the State of West Virginia and on this body. No one has ever shown more determination or greater love for the United States Senate than Robert C. Byrd. His tenure has been legendary.  He held a number of key leadership positions, including secretary of the Senate Democratic Caucus, Senate majority whip, twice as Senate majority leader, the Senate's minority leader, and three times as chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee.  During the period of 1989 to 2010, Senator Byrd was President pro tempore of the Senate--the most senior Democrat and third in the line of Presidential succession; also as President pro tempore emeritus when the Democrats were in the minority.  Senator Byrd cast more rollcall votes than any other Member of this institution--18,689 in total. That is truly remarkable. Just think about how many of this Nation's laws he helped shape.  He was a veritable expert on the inner workings of the Senate. There was no one who was more well versed in this institution's intricate rules, protocols, and customs than Robert Byrd. He literally wrote one of the most comprehensive books on the Senate. He knew Riddick's ``Rules of Procedure,'' virtually all 1,600 pages.  Many of us in the Senate have also spoken of his ardent devotion and consummate knowledge of the Constitution of the United States. His well-worn, treasured copy of this document was kept in his vest pocket, and year after year I would see him pull it out. The only thing that would change is that his hand, as the years went on, shook a little bit more. But his devotion to that document did not.  He was a staunch defender of the prerogatives of the three equal branches of government, and he was very quick to note that he served alongside, not under, 11 Presidents.  When he first joined the House of Representatives in 1952, Dwight Eisenhower was President. His tenure in Congress then followed alongside the Presidencies of John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, Richard M. Nixon, Gerald A. Ford, James Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, William J. Clinton, George W. Bush, and finally Barack Obama. That is an amazing list of people to have served with.  Bob Byrd was not only one of the Senate's famous power brokers, but I think his fondness for classical history, music, and poetry has impacted every one of us. As I said, he frequently interspersed his Senate remarks with passages from ancient Roman history, philosophy, and often poetic verse. It used to amaze me how, late at night, he could move from his set text and repeat some poem, word for word, verse after verse.  The nine decades of Robert Byrd's lifetime witnessed great change both at the personal level and at the national level. He lived to see and strongly support the inauguration of our country's first African-American President--something I know meant a great deal to him. He was not always on the right side of the civil rights issue at every stage of his life, but he became a champion for equality, a lion for progress. His transformation was truly inspirational.  Senator Byrd was born into very humble beginnings in 1917. He grew up during the Great Depression. He was the adopted son of a coal mining family in a small town in southern West Virginia. He was the valedictorian of his high school class but was not able to afford college at the time. This impoverished childhood might have hindered others, might have stopped a weaker person, but not the indomitable Robert Byrd. His inner thirst for knowledge propelled him throughout his epic career. In fact, he managed to find time during his tenure in the Senate to finally fulfill his bachelor's degree from Marshall University in 1994, at the tender age of 77. That shows something, I think. He previously received a law degree from American University's Washington College of Law in 1963.  The loss of his beloved wife Erma Byrd in 2006, I think, was a dramatic blow to him. I had occasion to talk with him during that time, and there was no question that this was a great love, that it was an enduring love, and that it was a lifetime commitment. I discussed with him how he provided, day after day, week after week, and month after month, the personal care to his wife as she became more infirm and came toward the end of her life. This truly was a major gift of love.  One thing I have learned in my lifetime, there are so many people who, in the end-of-life crises, are not able to give with love to their spouse. This was a man who could do that. I think that develops his importance as you look at life and people in general.  Once again, I offer my sincerest condolences to his two daughters Mona Faterni and Marjorie Moore, his grandchildren and great-grandchildren, and to the people of West Virginia.  This Nation--not only West Virginia, but all of us--owe Senator Robert Byrd a great debt of gratitude for his service.  I know I will very much miss that indomitable spirit, that insightful guidance, and the intense commitment to the Senate.  This man will be missed.  I yield the floor.  