 President, I rise to express my strong support for the nomination of California Superior Court Judge Josephine Staton Tucker to sit on the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.  Judge Tucker brings a wealth of relevant experience as a lawyer and a judge to her candidacy for the Federal bench.  For the last 8 years, she has been a trial judge on the Orange County Superior Court. She has managed a judicial calendar of up to 500 pending cases at a time. She has presided over trials on topics as diverse as commercial contract disputes, negligence and discrimination actions, felony criminal cases, and family law matters. And she has served for 2 years on the Appellate Division of the court by special appointment from the chief justice of California, giving her important experience with appeals as well as trials.  Additionally, Judge Tucker brings 15 years of litigation experience as an associate and then a partner at the law firm of Morrison Foerster LLP.  Her work in private practice included representation of both plaintiffs and defendants in all aspects of employment law, including individual and class action litigation regarding employment discrimination, wrongful discharge, trade secrets and unfair competition, privacy, and wage and hour issues. She represented clients before State courts, Federal courts, and administrative agencies, and she also provided training to employers regarding compliance with federal and state employment laws.  From 1996 to 2002, Tucker was the cochair of Morrison & Foerster's 50-lawyer employment law practice. In 2001, the Orange County Trial Lawyers Association recognized her work by naming her their Employment Lawyer of the Year.  Judge Tucker has also written prolifically. Her published work includes: The California Employers Guide to Employee Handbooks and Personnel Policy Manuals, a widely used reference book in California; three articles and over 50 case critiques for the California Employment Law Reporter, and 60 discussions of the law confronting employers and employees in the Los Angeles Times Sunday Edition.  Finally, she has been active in community work, providing volunteer services to the San Francisco AIDS Foundation, the Orange Coast Interfaith Shelter, the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and the Intercommunity Child Guidance Center.  Judge Tucker is a summa cum laude graduate of William Jewell College, a graduate of Harvard Law School, and a former law clerk to Judge John Gibson on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. In sum, she is a highly qualified candidate for the Federal Court.  Judge Tucker is also well respected in the Orange County legal community where she works. I have long used a committee process involving local lawyers to identify the most highly qualified candidates for the Federal courts in California. Judge Tucker was recommended to me by my current committee after diligent research into the quality of her work and her reputation among local lawyers. I believe she will be a wonderful addition to the U.S. district court in Orange County.  I thank Senator Boxer for her support of Judge Tucker, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of confirmation.  I want to say briefly that while I will be very glad to see Judge Tucker confirmed today, there is much more work to be done in confirming the President's nominees. Let me give one example that is important to me.  The President first nominated Magistrate Judge Edward Chen to serve on the Federal District Court for the Northern District of California over 300 days ago. He has been voted out of committee twice and has been pending on the floor most recently for 137 days without a vote.  Like Judge Tucker, Judge Chen came out of my committee process. He has excellent credentials, including 9 years as a magistrate judge, and has strong, bipartisan support in the community he has been nominated to serve. I understand that certain members of the minority have concerns because Chen worked for the ACLU before becoming a magistrate judge and because of two lines that have been excerpted from his speeches and caricatured in the Washington Times. Chen has a long record as an adjudicator, however, and it is available for all to review.  He has spent 9 years as a magistrate judge and written over 200 published opinions. There has not been a single objection in committee or on the floor to even one of his decisions.  In 2008, an impartial Federal Magistrate Judge Merit Selection Review Panel reviewed his full record. The Panel unanimously recommended him for reappointment. Federal prosecutors they interviewed were ``uniformly positive'' about Chen and called his rulings ``balanced'' and ``well reasoned.'' Similarly, the local civil bar called him ``well prepared,'' ``very intelligent,'' and ``decisive.''  His reputation is stellar among the district judges he works with--whether they are Republican or Democratic appointees. District Judge Lowell Jensen who served as the No. 2 official in the Reagan Justice Department said Chen's decisions ``reflect not only good judgment, but a complete commitment to the principles of fair trial and the application of the rule of law.''  Two bipartisan selection committees have recommended Chen for the district court--one in the Bush administration and the committee I have established to review candidates for the current Administration.  The American Bar Association has also unanimously rated him well qualified.  There is a long track record that shows that Chen understands the difference between his work as a lawyer almost a decade ago and the work of a judge, which he has been doing for the last nine years with great success.  It is long past time for the minority to agree to a time agreement and for the full Senate to have an up-or-down vote on Judge Chen's nomination.  I will be very pleased to see Judge Tucker confirmed today, and I also believe that we should move forward to confirm other nominees pending.  