 President, I offer today private relief legislation to provide lawful permanent residence status to Shigeru Yamada, a 28-year-old Japanese national who lives in Chula Vista, CA.  The Senate passed S. 124, a private relief bill on behalf of Mr. Yamada on Friday; however, that version of the private relief bill did not include an explanation of the zero budgetary impact of the bill. For this reason, I am introducing and seek passage of a new version of this private bill for Mr. Yamada, so that the Congressional Budget Office's assessment of the zero budgetary impact of this bill can be taken into consideration when this bill reaches the House of Representatives.  Mr. Yamada legally entered the United States with his mother and two sisters in 1992 at the young age of 10. The family was fleeing from Mr. Yamada's alcoholic father, who had been physically abusive to his mother, the children and even his own parents. Since then, he has had no contact with his father and is unsure if he is even alive.  Tragically, Mr. Yamada experienced further hardship when his mother was killed in a car crash in 1995. Orphaned at the age of 13, Mr. Yamada spent time living with his aunt before moving to Chula Vista to live with a close friend of his late mother.  At the time of her death, Mr. Yamada's family was living legally in the United States. His mother had acquired a student visa for herself, and her children qualified as her dependents. Her death revoked his legal status in the United States. In addition, Mr. Yamada's mother was engaged to an American citizen at the time of her death. Had she survived, her son would likely have become an American citizen through this marriage.  Mr. Yamada has exhausted all administrative options under our current immigration system. Throughout high school, he contacted attorneys in the hopes of legalizing his status, but his attempts were unsuccessful. Unfortunately, time has run out and, for Mr. Yamada, the only option available to him today is private relief legislation.  I ask my colleagues to once again support this private relief bill on behalf of Mr. Yamada.  