 President, I rise today in support of the DREAM Act. This important legislation would give eligible young people, who were brought to the United States as children, the opportunity to contribute meaningfully to the United States.  This bill addresses just one small piece of the immigration debate, but it has a profound impact on the lives of undocumented youth. I have supported the DREAM Act since it was first introduced in 2001 by Senators Hatch and Durbin. Since then, the DREAM Act has had wide bipartisan support. It passed through the Senate Judiciary Committee twice.  Each year, approximately 65,000 undocumented youth graduate from American high schools. Most of these undocumented youth did not make a choice to come to the United States; they were brought here by their parents. Many of these young people grew up in the United States and have little or no memory of the countries they came from. They are hard-working young people dedicated to their education or serving in the Nation's military. They have stayed out of trouble. Some are valedictorians and honor roll students; some are community leaders, and have an unwavering commitment to serving the United States.  Through no fault of their own, these young individuals lack the immigration status they need to realize their potential. Because of their undocumented status, they are ineligible to serve in the military and face tremendous obstacles to attending college. For many, English is their first language and they are just like every other American student.  Now reaching adulthood, these young people are left with a dead end. They can't use their educations to contribute to their communities. They can't serve the country they call home by volunteering for military service.  The DREAM Act provides an opportunity for these students to fulfill the American dream. It would permit students to become permanent residents if they came here as children, are long-term U.S. residents, have good moral character, and attend college or enlist in the military for 2 years.  These students would have to wait for 10 years before becoming lawful permanent residents and undergo background and security checks and pay any back taxes. This is a multistep process, not a free pass.  In addition, DREAM Act eligible students would not be eligible for in State tuition at State colleges and universities or Federal education grants. These students would only be eligible for Federal work study and student loans.  The DREAM Act also contains tough criminal penalties for fraud and excludes students from participation in health insurance exchanges, Medicaid, food stamps, and other entitlement programs.  According to the Congressional Budget Office, the DREAM Act would increase Federal revenues by $2.3 billion over 10 years and increase net direct spending by $912 million between 2011 and 2020. In addition, the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation estimate that enacting the bill would reduce deficits by about $1.4 billion over 10 years.  I would like to tell you about a few college students in California, who would benefit from the DREAM Act.       Arthur Mkoian came to the United States from Armenia with      his mother when he was 3 years old. Arthur attended Bullard      High School in California, maintaining a 4.0 grade point      average. Arthur graduated in 2008 as his class valedictorian.      He is now in his second year at U.C. Davis, majoring in      biochemistry. Arthur maintains A grades, and is on the Dean's      Merit List. He hopes to continue on to study medicine, but      without the DREAM Act, his future remains uncertain.       Nayely Arreola came to the United States with her parents      and younger brother in 1989, when she was only 3 years old.      Her family made their home in California, working hard to      succeed. The family was taken advantage of by a negligent      immigration attorney, who was later disbarred, who took away      their chance to legalize their status. Despite this, Nayely      is an excellent student. She was the first member of her      family to graduate high school and went on to graduate from      Fresno Pacific University. While she was in college, Nayely      maintained outstanding grades and became president of her      class.       Ivan Rosales came to the United States when he was 10      months old. His family settled in San Bernardino, CA, where      Ivan excelled in school. He found out about his undocumented      status in the 7th grade when he could not accept an award he      earned at a science fair because he didn't have a Social      Security number. Ivan is a presidential scholar who graduated      within the top 1 percent of high school graduates in San      Bernardino County. He is currently a senior at the California      State University and is a pre-med biology major. He hopes to      become a doctor in the army someday and says that it would be      an honor to provide care to the brave men and women risking      their lives for this country.  The United States is worse off if it lets the talents of these young people go to waste. They have demonstrated their commitment to this country's ideals through their academic success, leadership, and dedication to their communities. It is in the Nation's best interest to provide talented young people the ability to become full members of our society.  The DREAM Act has widespread support from labor, business, education, civil rights, and religious groups, who recognize that the potential of these young people should not be lost.  The presidents and chancellors of several universities including the University of California, California State University, the University of Washington, Arizona State University, the University of Minnesota, the University of Utah, and Washington State University recently wrote a joint letter expressing their support of the DREAM Act. In that letter, they state that in this age of international economic competition, ``the U.S. needs all of the talent that it can acquire and these students represent an extraordinary resource for the country . . . it is an economic imperative.''  Businesses such as the Microsoft Corporation support the DREAM Act. The Microsoft Corporation believes in the DREAM Act because, ``It is essential to our nation's competitiveness and success to nurture the talent we have and to incorporate bright, hardworking students into the workforce to become the next generation of leaders in this country.''  Retired GEN Colin Powell, a former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and a former Secretary of State, and other current and former military leaders support the DREAM Act because it would greatly enhance military recruitment. The DREAM Act is included in the Department of Defense's fiscal year 2010-2012 Strategic Plan to help the military ``shape and maintain a mission-ready All Volunteer Force.''  In 2006, then-Under Secretary of Defense David Chu testified that many of the DREAM Act eligible students have the attributes needed in the military--``education, aptitude, fitness, and moral qualifications.'' They should not be prevented from joining the military because of their undocumented status.  These students have been raised in the United States and educated here. Often times, they did not choose to be here, but this is the only home they know. They have worked hard to graduate from high school under adversity. Many are willing to make the ultimate sacrifice to serve in the military of this country--the country they feel is their own. They are class presidents, gifted athletes and musicians, aspiring scientists, engineers, teachers, and physicians. We should not put up a barrier to their potential to give back to this country. Instead, we should pass the DREAM Act and allow these students to succeed.  