 President, I rise today to speak in support of the reconfirmation of Ben Bernanke as Chairman of the Federal Reserve.  Mr. Bernanke has been a steady hand at the Federal Reserve during the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. Mr. Bernanke knows something about that: his scholarly work as an economics professor at Princeton University focused on the Great Depression. At a time when our economy is climbing out of a deep recession, I believe Mr. Bernanke's continued leadership will provide the stability that is essential to economic recovery.  Some blame Mr. Bernanke for the financial crisis and its severity. They believe President Obama must set an example and break with the past by replacing him.  I do not agree.  It would be a big mistake, in my view, to jettison a man whose expertise and experience have been crucial to rescuing our economy, and I believe President Obama made the right decision to keep Mr. Bernanke at the Fed.  In my opinion, he should be reconfirmed without delay, because his term expires in 3 days. Failure to do so would send the wrong message to both the American people and global financial markets, at a time of continued economic uncertainty. It could roll back some significant progress in restoring market confidence. For instance, under Chairman Bernanke's leadership, the Dow Industrial Average rebounded significantly from a 12-year low of 6,547 on March 9, 2009 and reached a high on January 19th when it closed at 10,725. This represents a gain of 4,178 points or nearly 64 percent over the course of 10 months. The S&P 500 has risen about 70 percent since the low in March and also reached its recent high on January 19, closing at 1,150.23. Retirement accounts were valued at $8.6 trillion in the third quarter of 2007. But following the market's bottoming out in March of 2009, retirement accounts had lost $2.8 trillion--33 percent--of their peak value, according toRetirement Savings statistics from the Urban Institute in a January 2010 report. Since then, retirement account balances have rebounded sharply. Accounts have gained roughly $1.3 trillion--23 percent--ending the third quarter at around $7.1 trillion. Although assets remain 17 percent below their peak, they are still above their 2005 value and near their 2006 value.  So we have clearly made some progress and there are positive signs, but we still have a long way to go. Simply put, the gains on Wall Street have not been felt by Main Street: The national unemployment rate is 10 percent, with 15 million Americans out of work; Small businesses are struggling, and many are going under. In my State, small business bankruptcies increased by 81 percent last year alone, and commercial corridors once teeming with business are now plagued by vacancies; consumer demand remains low as American workers struggle in these tough times; and, retirement accounts are still down roughly $1.5 trillion from their peak.  These are terrible statistics, and there is much more work to be done to increase our national prosperity.  But last week, uncertainty caused by news that Mr. Bernanke's reconfirmation was threatened in the Senate caused the Dow Jones to fall by 552 points, with a 216-point drop on Friday alone.  The point is clear: the situation is very volatile. President Obama has clearly indicated that he believes Mr. Bernanke is the man for the job, and I also believe this is the case.  Let me tell you why.  First, Mr. Bernanke is an expert on the Great Depression, a scholar who understands the causes of, and remedies for, dramatic economic downturns like the one we experienced last year. There is no one better qualified to be at the helm of the Fed at this time, and he is dedicated to fulfilling its mission to restore prosperity, create jobs and keep prices stable.  Second, Mr. Bernanke played a key role in averting a much greater financial crisis.  He took critical steps to stop the economic freefall and restore stability. He aggressively cut interest rates early on, reducing the target Federal funds rate to nearly zero. It has remained at this level since December 2008.  Under his leadership, the Fed played a central role in quelling last year's financial turmoil. It launched joint efforts with other agencies and foreign authorities to avert a collapse of the global banking system. It ensured financial institutions adequate access to short-term funding when private funding resources dried up.  It led the ``stress tests'' on large U.S. banks to ensure that these institutions had adequate capital and consumers would be confident that their bank deposits were safe.  The Fed, under Mr. Bernanke's leadership, also created targeted lending programs that helped ease the flow of credit to many businesses.  For example, the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility has financed more than 3.4 million home loans, more than 100 million credit card accounts, 480,000 loans to small businesses and 100,000 loans to large businesses.  We are starting to see the positive results of these bold moves.  There are undoubtedly legitimate critiques of Mr. Bernanke. I agree that more transparency is needed at the Federal Reserve. And, I would have liked to see more action taken to curb the abusive lending practices which have led to literally millions of foreclosures in my home State of California.  Many gaps in regulation and oversight of our financial system still remain.  The administration just proposed the Volcker rules which I believe would succeed in ending the rampant speculation and excessive size of ``too big to fail'' institutions that led us to where we are today.  Congress must act swiftly to regulate the financial sector more prudently, and expand authority for the Fed, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and the Securities and Exchange Commission.  We must intelligently close these gaps in regulation, not risk an economic backslide by taking out our collective frustrations on Mr. Bernanke.  Everyone is flawed, and there is more than enough blame to go around. But we must also give credit where it is due, and Mr. Bernanke successfully helped to pull this nation back from the brink.  His academic expertise on the Great Depression, coupled with his experience in facing down the greatest economic turbulence since the 1930s, makes him an unparalleled choice for leadership at the Fed right now.  USA Today, in an editorial published yesterday, gave a forceful defense of Mr. Bernanke's reconfirmation. I want to quote from it here, because I think it gives a very clear assessment of the situation:       The question facing the nation is, who do you want in      charge of this delicate task? Someone who has intimate      knowledge of what needs to be done, has learned from past      mistakes and has the confidence of the financial markets? Or      someone new who, in order to win congressional confirmation,      will be hamstrung by promises not to take difficult-but-     necessary steps, such as bumping up interest rates to keep      inflation in check?       Bernanke deserves considerable credit for helping stave off      economic collapse. For that reason, he also deserves another      term as chairman.  Mr. President, I couldn't agree more.  Mr. Bernanke deserves a chance to finish the enormous and historic task at hand. He has done well thus far, and I intend to support him for a second term as Chairman of the Fed.  