 Well, so be it. We will have to suffer along.  This measure, I believe, sets a dangerous precedent by invalidating the endangerment finding on greenhouse gas pollution. I strongly oppose it. I wish to make the public health argument.  What is an ``endangerment finding''? Simply put, it is a scientific determination made by the EPA that an air pollutant endangers the health and welfare of the American people and, therefore, it must be regulated under the Clean Air Act.  This came about because of a 2007 case, Massachusetts v. EPA. What the Supreme Court said was that the EPA has an obligation to study the impact of global warming. Specifically, the majority opinion found that ``greenhouse gases fit well within the CleanAir Act's definition of an air pollutant.'' It ordered the EPA to comply with the Clean Air Act and make a determination about whether greenhouse gases could ``reasonably endanger public health or welfare.''  In December 2009, the EPA issued the required final endangerment finding, and that final finding said:       The emission of six greenhouse gasses, carbon dioxide,      methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons,      and sulfur hexafluoride, threaten the public health and      welfare of current and future generations.  Accordingly, the Administrator has initiated action to curb these emissions in order to protect the health and safety. Many argue, and I happen to concur, that a national cap-and-trade system on these gases might be more efficient and less costly than having to regulate them under the Clean Air Act. Yet, the Senate has failed time and again to approve climate change legislation. We have dithered while the Earth heats.  That means right now, EPA is the only Federal agency with the statutory authority to protect the American public's health and safety from greenhouse gas pollution.  The Murkowski resolution, however, would throw out this endangerment finding. It would stop EPA dead in its tracks. This would have some real and very serious consequences. First, it would put the Senate on record rejecting scientific analysis of EPA experts. Second, it would block the implementation of a new Federal fuel economy program. Third, it would put the Senate at odds with a coalition of 115 nations that signed the Copenhagen summit agreement. The President has threatened to veto this resolution if it passes, and I would support that veto.  Now, health effects. The EPA's endangerment finding says that global warming will have four significant detrimental human health effects. One, more heat waves will mean more heat-related deaths, which is already the leading cause of weather-related deaths in our country. Two, increased extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, put human lives at risk. Katrina demonstrated that in tragic fashion. And, three, a warmer climate will likely result in an increase in the spread of several food and waterborne pathogens, including tropical diseases.  Finally, and most important to the Chair's State and my State, EPA's endangerment finding states:       Climate change is expected to increase regional ozone      pollution with associated risks in respiratory illnesses and      premature death.  California has two of the worst nonattainment regions in the country: the South Coast Basin, including Los Angeles, and the San Joaquin Valley. Experts tells us combined ozone and particulate matter contribute to up to 14,000 deaths and $71 billion in health care costs every year.  Roughly 2.5 million Californians--that is bigger than most of these States in the Western Caucus--2.5 million Californians suffer from asthma, and it is increasing, and other air-pollution-related illnesses.  This is a matter of saving lives. It is a matter of major health concern and welfare, and it should be looked at that way. If temperatures rise as projected, these two regions of our country could see 75 to 85 percent more days with warming-related smog and ozone pollution. Fact. This means more asthma, more lung-related disease, more premature deaths from air pollution. These scientific observations are not political statements. They are fact established by scientific study after study. Yet the resolution offered today would reject this evidence.  The EPA is legally charged with protecting the public's health and welfare from air pollution. Not to do so, in my opinion, is malfeasance.  Additionally, the Murkowski resolution would invalidate the Federal fuel economy program. On April 1, the administration finalized joint standards issued by EPA and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, more fondly known as NHTSA, in coordination with the State of California to require automakers to increase fleetwide fuel efficiency from the 2008 average of 27 miles per gallon to the equivalent of 35.5 miles per gallon in 2016. This is important. It is based on the enacted Ten-in-Ten Fuel Economy Act which I authored with Senator Olympia Snowe and others. That law requires automakers to increase fleetwide fuel economy to the maximum feasible rate beginning with 2011 vehicle models. I have been proud and encouraged to see the administration aggressively implement this program. Yet if EPA's endangerment finding is invalidated by Congress and thrown out, it would mean that the Federal fuel economy program would collapse.  If that happens, California and 14 other States are required to enforce their respective State law, regulating tailpipe greenhouse gas emission standards. According to the auto industry, this would reimpose the very patchwork of regulation they have argued against for many years. This would be a major setback. EPA Administrator Jackson has written that Senator Murkowski's resolution:     would undo the historic agreement among states, automakers,      the federal government, and other stakeholders . . . leaving      the automobile industry without explicit nationwide      uniformity that it has described as important to its      business.  State environment commissioners from nine States have written to Congress to explain that they prefer a national approach, but they will enforce their State statutes as long as the Federal Government refuses to act. So the effect of the Murkowski resolution will be to encourage a State-by-State variation of regulation. Not good. The EPA is the agency we have charged to protect our children and our environment from harmful air pollution. EPA is moving forward slowly and carefully to address this issue. Its proposed rules would apply only to the very largest sources until 2016, 6 years from now. If we in the Senate don't like EPA's proposal, we should pass a climate change bill. But the one thing we should absolutely not do is deny the existence of a problem that science says is severely dangerous to our planet.  I yield the floor.  