 I thank the Senate for passage of this bill.  This is a bill which the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence reported out by a unanimous 15-to-0 vote on July 19. This is the Senate's second time approving an intelligence authorization bill for fiscal year 2010. The committee reported S. 1494 unanimously in July 2009, and the Senate passed it by unanimous consent in September 2009. The House passed its bill, its 2010 authorization bill, in February 2010.  The House and Senate Intelligence Committees then worked for months, together with the administration, to agree on a bill that would make a substantial contribution to national security and that would be able to pass both Chambers and become law with the President's approval. S. 3611 is that agreement.  I thank the White House for their efforts to come to an agreement on the legislation, as well as the efforts of the vice chairman, Senator Bond, and his staff. This is his last bill and, as such, I thank him very much for his cooperation in this matter, for the ability to work with him over this period of time.  I would also like to acknowledge the leadership of the distinguished chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Mr. Reyes.  Broadly speaking, the bill advances the cause of effective oversight of the intelligence community and contributes significantly to the Director of National Intelligence's ability to direct and lead the intelligence community as an integrated whole.  It is my understanding that the House will be back in session next week. I would urge them to take up this important legislation at that time.  Our committee filed a detailed report on S. 3611, which is available both in print and on our Web site to all Members of the Senate, our colleagues in the House, and the public as Senate Report 111-223.  The bill contains 106 sections divided into eight titles. Let me commend the reading of the bill and our report to all who may be interested in why it is essential that the Congress complete action on this needed and overdue legislation. In these remarks, I will only mention a few highlights.  This is the committee's second report of an intelligence Authorization for fiscal year 2010. We reported S. 1494 unanimously in July 2009 and the Senate passed it by unanimous consent in September 2009. The House passed its fiscal year 2010 in February 2010.  The House and Senate Intelligence Committees then worked for months, together with the administration, to agree on a bill that would make a substantial contribution to national security and that would be able to pass both Chambers and become law with the President's approval. S. 3611 is that agreement.  Broadly speaking, the bill advances the cause of effective oversight of the intelligence community and contributes significantly to the Director of National Intelligence's ability to direct and lead the intelligence community as an integrated whole.  To illustrate, with respect to oversight, the bill will complete an effort that the Senate began in 2004 to create a strong and independent statutory inspector general for the intelligence community. A principal focus of that community-wide IG will be on progress and problems with the integration of the efforts of the 16 components of the intelligence community. The bill also strengthens the CIA inspector general and provides a statutory basis for IGs in the major intelligence elements within the Department of Defense.  This strengthened IG system within the intelligence community will provide greater visibility for the leaders of the IC, including the DNI, into management, information sharing and information security, and other problems within the intelligence community. The reports of their investigations and audits will also be, as IG reports have been, an invaluable aid for congressional oversight.  Other parts of the bill will also directly aid congressional oversight. These include requirements that executive and legislative procedures on full and timely notifications to the intelligence committees be in writing and that written records of notifications to the intelligence committees of intelligence activities and covert actions also be in writing.  Importantly, the bill also requires that the head of each intelligence element certify annually on compliance with substantial congressional notification requirements that already exist in title V of the National Security Act.  The bill takes important steps to improve both executive and congressional oversight of intelligence community procurement and budget matters. In the coming years, all parts of the government will need to address the reality that appropriation levels will not rise as they have in the past. This means that controlling cost overruns and promoting sound long term budget planning is an essential part of national security. The bill takes important steps toward those objectives.  The bill grants to the Director of National Intelligence important authorities to manage the intelligence community. These include authorities concerning personnel management, acquisition authority, and information sharing. There may be more to accomplish in all of these respects and we have invited General Clapper, if he is confirmed as I hope and expect he will, not to be hesitant in asking for additional authority if he identifies a need for it.  As is detailed in the committee's report, there are 10 provisions in this legislation that enhance the DNI's authority and management flexibilities. Eight of those 10 provisions were requested by this administration or the prior one.  There is more in this broad ranging legislation, from large to small items. Indeed, the very length of the bill is testimony to the fact that we have gone 5 years without an intelligence authorization. From fiscal years 1979 to 2005, the Congress had enacted an authorization for every fiscal year. Thefiscal year 2010 bill is an opportunity, which we must not lose, to get back on track.  I will briefly note the reasons for the managers' amendment that the distinguished vice chairman, Senator Bond, and I have propounded.  Three provisions of S. 3611 as reported by our committee on July 19, sections 106, 333(c.), and 334 of S. 3611, have been enacted into law by provisions of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2010, sections 301, 308, and 3011 of Public Law 111-212, which the President signed into law on July 29. Accordingly, the managers' amendment deletes those now enacted provisions from S. 3611.  The managers' amendment also addresses requests from the Budget and Judiciary Committees. As requested by the Budget Committee, the amendment adds a pay-go provision. I should note that the Congressional Budget Office table that will be printed in the Record indicates that the bill makes no changes in the government's direct spending. As requested by the Judiciary Committee, the amendment clarifies that reports provided to the Congress under several sections of the bill will be provided to the Judiciary Committee.  This legislation reflects the negotiations with the House committee, the intelligence community, and the White House. Provisions that our committee, and the Senate, passed last September had to be removed due to veto threats or objections from the House of Representatives. I look forward to addressing some of those issues in future legislation.  Beginning with our distinguished vice chairman, Senator Bond, and acknowledging also the leadership of the distinguished chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Mr. Reyes, I would like to thank all of my colleagues for their work in producing a bill that will take important strides in improving the authority and oversight of the intelligence community through this 2010 bill, even as we recognize that there is more to achieve in authorization legislation for fiscal years 2011 and beyond.  