Speaker, pursuant to clause 2(a)(1) of House rule IX, I rise to give notice of my intent to present a question of privilege of the House.  The form of the resolution is as follows:       A resolution, in accordance with House Rule IX, expressing      a sense of the House that its integrity has been impugned and      Constitutional duty hampered by the inability of the House to      bring to the floor the Fiscal Year 2003 Departments of Labor,      Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related      Agencies Appropriations Act, due to the severe under funding      of Education within the President's Fiscal Year (FY) 2003      Budget.       Whereas under Article I, Section IX, of the Constitution      states no money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in      Consequence of Appropriations made by law.       Whereas it is the fiscal duty of the Congress to      appropriate annually the funds needed to support the      execution of programs and operations of the Federal      government.       Whereas to date the House has only considered five      Appropriations bills.       Whereas as President, George W. Bush has been persistent in      resonating public concern for better schools. He dedicated      significant amounts of time and public dialogue during his      first year in office to the passage of H.R. 1, the ``Leave No      Child Behind'' Act, not only implying he favored more help to      schools from the federal treasury but specifically      authorizing large increases in a number of key program areas.       Whereas within weeks of signing H.R. 1, Public Law No: 107-     110, the ``No Child Left Behind'' Act, the President      submitted a budget that stopped six years of steady progress      in federal support to local schools dead in its tracks.       Whereas instead of the strong and consistent growth in      support to local schools that the federal government has      provided for more than a decade, the President's FY 2003      Budget holds aid to local schools virtually flat.      Furthermore, his Budget Director now insists that if Congress      exceeds the budget request by even the smallest amount, the      President will veto entire appropriation bills.       Whereas the future of our labor force and our economy is      heavily dependent on elevating the education and skills of      all future workers.       Whereas about one third of the 53.6 million children now in      elementary and secondary schools in America are at serious      risk of being left behind. The achievement gap between these      students and the rest of the student population remains large      and has failed to close.       Whereas of the 53.6 million children currently enrolled in      elementary and secondary schools in this country, 9.8      million, or nearly 20 percent, are from households defined by      the Commerce Department as being in poverty.       Whereas the House is faced with the choice of supporting      schools or supporting the President and his effort to reverse      the trend of expanding federal support for local schools.       Whereas the Congress has provided states with an unfunded      mandate by approving the ``No Child Left Behind'' Act without      the necessary financial resources to fund it. Now, therefore,      be it       Resolved that it is the sense of the House of      Representatives that the Congress should provide states with      the resources they need to fully implement the ``No Child      Left Behind'' Act as it promised less than a year ago, by      completing action on the Fiscal Year 2003 Labor, Health and      Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies      Appropriations.  