 Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, I gather many of my friends here are strong proponents of the free enterprise system. They like the idea of risk, venture taking, and I wonder why it is that when the Export-Import Bank is supposed to be the place of last resort when large oil companies like ExxonMobil are supposed to go to the banks, I wonder why ExxonMobil is not going to Citibank or other large banks to get any assistance they might need. It is beyond comprehension to me that ExxonMobil and Halliburton cannot get a loan from the private sector. Beyond belief.  Furthermore, I find it unbelievable, to be honest with you, as to why the taxpayers of this country are subsidizing a state-owned industry in Mexico, PEMEX, they are a state-owned oil company, when certainly my friends over there would never think of in a million years of subsidizing a state-owned oil company in the United States of America.  Here is the bottom line: historically the Ex-Im, the Export-Import Bank, has been a major provider of corporate welfare to the largest corporations in America. There are corporations that have received huge amounts of help from Export-Import and then they say, oh, thank you very much, taxpayers of America. By the way, we are shutting down plants in this country and we are moving to China. And now what we are looking at is one segment of their loans and loan guarantees to the oil industry.  Thank you, taxpayers of America, for subsidizing us, and now we are going to charge you $3 for a gallon of gas while we earn record-breaking profits.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment should in fact be passed unanimously. It is beyond belief; it would be beyond belief to the people of this country that there is anyone here who thinks the taxpayer money should go to the oil industry which is enjoying record-breaking profits while they rip off the American people.  I would hope we have widespread support for this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  