 Mr. Speaker, for the last 7\1/2\ years, the President and members of his administration have claimed that the American economy is doing just fine. And in December, President Bush said, ``The economy is pretty good. There are definitely some storm clouds and concerns, but the underpinning is good.''  But the reality, of course, that we have seen is far different, particularly for American workers.  Just last Friday, the Labor Department reported that the unemployment rate jumped one-half of 1 percent, from 5 percent to 5.5 percent. Now to some of us, perhaps that is simply a statistic. For some families, it is a crisis. This is the largest 1-month increase in unemployment in 22 years, or said a different way, until the 6th year of the Reagan administration.  Our economy has actually lost jobs each of the last 5 months, a loss of some 325,000 jobs since the first of the year. In fact, this administration has created about 3.6 million jobs over the last 7\1/2\ years, as opposed to 20 million plus jobs under the Clinton administration, or under Clinton, an average of 236,000 new jobs per month, and under this administration approximately 40,000 new jobs per month. And you need 100,000 to stay even. That is why this bill is on the floor today.  Over the last 12 months, the number of unemployed Americans has increased by 1.6 million, from nearly 6.9 million in May of 2007 to nearly 8.5 million in May of this year. That is 8.5 million of our fellow citizens who don't have a job, who are not sure how they are going to pay for their housing, their rent, their food, their medicine and the clothing for their children. That is what we are talking about today. We are talking about those 8.5 million people who are our constituents, Americans who need our help. And that is what this vote is today at this point in time.  In fact, Mr. Speaker, 1.5 million of those workers are what we call euphemistically ``long-term unemployed,'' which means they have been jobless for more than 6 months. I don't know how many of you have had the opportunity to see ``Pursuit of Happyness,'' spelled h-a-p-p-y. It is a wonderful movie about a now very successful African American and his little boy who found themselves homeless with no money. And they went to the homeless shelter, and they couldn't get in. Those are the people we are talking about. That is what we are voting on this day, as to whether or not we are going to reach out to those people and try to lift them up and give them a helping hand, not a handout, but a helping hand. These are people who were employed, who were working, and through no fault of their own, they losttheir jobs. Because if it is the fault of their own, by the way, they don't get unemployment.  All the while, working Americans have been confronted with decreasing household incomes, exploding gas and food prices and escalating health care costs. Why then, given this squeeze on hardworking middle-class American families, does the President threaten to veto a common-sense, compassionate response, the temporary extension of unemployment benefits?  Here is the kicker. Listen to me. There are 200,000 more long-term jobless Americans today, right now, as we debate this bill, 200,000 more Americans who are on long-term jobless status than when President Bush last signed an extension of unemployment benefits into law. In other words, the status today in America is that there are 200,000 more people who need our help than when President Bush last signed an extension of long-term unemployment.  How can we then say it is not time to act today, to reach out our hand today, to say that the Congress of the United States feels your pain, hears your cry, and responds? There is no justification for the President's threatened veto on this much-needed legislation, Mr. Speaker. This bill is not only a sign of compassion and a demonstration of our values, but it is also a fast-acting form of economic stimulus.  Who says so? Conservative economists say so. It will help lift up our floundering economy. It will simply provide up to 13 weeks of extended unemployment benefits in every State to workers exhausting regular unemployment compensation. And in States with higher levels of unemployment, an additional 13 weeks is available on top.  Mr. Speaker, this legislation is vital. It is vital for workers and their families who are struggling to make ends meet in this poorly performing economy. It is not charity. It is our obligation and responsibility. It is a recognition that under the administration, the American worker has been forced to contend with job loss, decreasing incomes, exploding gas costs, food and health care costs, and unprecedented foreclosure rates.  Mr. Speaker, this legislation is the right thing to do at the right time, at the right place. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, this is not a Republican or Democratic issue, this is not a liberal or conservative issue. This is an issue of saying, there are people in trouble. We hear their cry. We respond to help.  Ladies and gentlemen of the House of Representatives, we call this the people's House. Help the people this day.  