 Very frankly, the good news is that the backlog that confronted the court now no longer exists.  Secondly, as you know, under the old law, the 72-hour period in which the Government could take action and then get sanction of the court after the fact is in the law.  So I believe that second paragraph, while I don't disagree with his speculation, I disagree with his conclusion in the sense that I think that the Government, the NSA or another agency, could in fact act within that 72 hours and get approval from the FISA Court for its actions. And, as the gentleman knows, the FISA Court rarely, if ever, and I don't know of an incident off the top of my head where they have disapproved an action that was taken and stopped it at that point in time.  So, I think the risk is minimal, because I think the old law, while, yes, they have to go to the court, and very frankly, this is why it was created, to be a check and balance on what might be, and I don't allege that this is happening, but certainly it was a check on arbitrary and capricious action by those in the Government. I happen to think that check and balance is an appropriate one; although, under the statute we passed, we gave broader authority, blanket authority, as you know.  But we are hopeful, as you are, that the Senate will act, that we be able to go to conference. We need to deal with the immunity issue, which is the difference between the two Houses, although they haven't passed a bill, but the bill that passed out of the Intelligence Committee did give retroactive immunity. That is controversial.  And we have just got, as I told you, the documentation last Friday that we have been asking for an opportunity to review to determine, A, the justification for the action of the telecom companies and the actions for which immunity is being sought. We think that is appropriate for us to know before we act.  But in any event, I did inform, as I told you, the leader that we had acted, and indicated to him I hope that they would act as soon as possible so that we could resolve this in conference.  