 I want to say how very proud I am to be associated with my good friend, Sam Johnson, an American hero not only to this body, but to veterans who have served in every one of our wars, and certainly the Korean War in particular. I thank him for his cosponsorship of this resolution with me.  Madam Speaker, I strongly support this legislation granting the Korean War Veterans Association a Federal charter. It will enable them to expand its mission and further its charitable and benevolent causes.  The Association, comprised exclusively of Korean War members, has more than 23,000 members and is one of the few such organizations of its size without a Federal charter.  More than 50 years have passed since the war-weary men and women who served in Korea returned home. History has revealed that the sacrifices made by these brave soldiers was instrumental in stopping the expansion of communism, and that their sacrifice effectively contributed to a more peaceful world. Can one imagine if North Korea were in charge of all of Korea, what a dangerous world this would be? Granting this Federal charter is a small expression of our appreciation for the extraordinary courage of our forces who were deployed to the Korean Peninsula.  This bipartisan legislation is an opportunity to express our gratitude and respect for our military, past and present, and to give Korean War veterans the long-awaited recognition that they so deserve so that the so-called ``forgotten war'' is and should be forgotten no more.  I want to thank, as I have done earlier, my colleague, Representative Sam Johnson, a decorated Korean and Vietnam veteran, for cosponsoring this legislation with me in the House. He honors our House by his service, as he honored this House and this country by his service in Korea and in Vietnam. I know that the Korean War veterans, his colleagues who stood the battle in Korea, are extraordinarily honored by his cosponsorship of this resolution.  I want to thank my good friend, Senator Ben Cardin of Maryland, for his work on this issue in the Senate.  This is an appropriate step for us to take. This recognition for our Nation's Korean War veterans is long overdue, but it is never too late to do the right thing. And I am pleased, Madam Speaker, to rise and urge my colleagues to unanimously support this resolution, and again thank the distinguished soldier who serves with us and served his country so well in battle.  