I empathize with that angst. I've been there.  Having said that, I do not empathize with the abuse of process. And becauseI do not empathize with the abuse of process, as I have said before, I am going to ask the Speaker to limit the time in which voting is allowed to that which is provided for in the rules. You did that; we're now going to do it.  Somebody said, ``About time.'' I agree with you. Abuse of process is when, and everybody knows this could be done. On our side in the minority we could have kept open for 2 hours with having every 30 seconds somebody come down the aisle. We all know that's possible. I've known that was possible for some period of time. We try to accommodate people who want to change their vote. We try to accommodate people who want to vote. We try to accommodate people who are late.  The problem with accommodating people who are late, if we make it in order in effect, not because of the rules but because of the comity of the House, to allow what just happened, we can, you're correct, in effect do a filibuster by vote changing. We don't have filibusters in the House. They have it in the Senate. I don't think the Senate works particularly well.  You can have your motions. I haven't said anything. Our Members haven't said anything. You're certainly entitled to that. But what just happened, as I said, in my opinion, is an abuse of the Chair's forbearance. The Chair has the responsibility to determine when the vote is concluded.  The vote changing on a motion to adjourn, I know that probably all of you did polls on that and focus groups on whether or not you should vote ``aye'' or ``nay'' on that vote and that led to your changing your vote one way or the other, sometimes maybe twice because you were having difficulty deciding.  But I just want to let everybody know that while we cannot nor are we going to preclude you from doing your motions to adjourn, what just happened is not appropriate for the House, for either side, to simply use a device of changing votes, of voting late, of lining up in the aisle and coming down every 30 seconds or so with a ``one more vote.'' That, in my opinion, is not appropriate for the House to pursue.  Mr. Gingrich sent out a letter, as we have said before, said he was going to call votes 15 minutes and 2 minutes later. You've all heard from Mr. Gingrich lately. He has a lot of advice and counsel. I don't always follow it. But on this, he made the point that I'm making, that we have now had, I don't know, 20, 25 motions to adjourn in which we voted on, reconsiderations to be voted on. Nobody has said anything about that.  But I want to tell my friend, the minority leader, that, as I have said before, my inclination at this point in time will be to ask the presiding officer to limit the votes to the 17 minutes, the 15 minutes that is provided and 2 minutes which have been historically accorded.  I yield to my friend.  