Although, as you know, we passed a major energy bill last year that was signed by the President that looks to real solutions to the problem of reliance on petroleum products and that is relying on alternative energy sources. We believe strongly on this side of the aisle that both from an environmental standpoint, a global warming standpoint, and an energy independence standpoint that looking to alternatives is absolutely essential.  As you know, gas prices have risen very, very substantially during the course of the last 7\1/2\ years. As I have indicated before, during the 8 years of the Clinton Presidency, they rose approximately a nickel a year, from $1.06 to $1.46. Under this administration, they have gone from that $1.46 to now $3.86, $3.90, $4, and over $4.  I know your contention is that it has just been in the last 12 months that this has happened. We disagree with that proposition. It's an interesting proposition to try to sell to the American public. But the bottom line is, frankly, for the last 35 years, since the late seventies when we had the long gas lines, we have not moved to alternative energy sources in the way we should have, in my view, so that we could not be held hostage by some, frankly, who have profit, understandably, in mind, but not necessarily the best interests of our consumers or our country. We support a diversified clean energy portfolio for our country.  I want to make an observation because I have been listening today with interest. You may find this of interest. We have nearly a whole refineries' worth of capacity idle right now. Not for lack of supply, but for lack of use of existing refineries. As a matter of fact, we are at 87 percent, which is about 10 percent below what we usually are over the last 10 years. So for whatever reasons, refiners are now at 10 percent below the capacity they usually are on average over the last 10 years at this time.  Secondly, since 2000, drilling on land has increased dramatically. Your side of the aisle has talked a lot about how we need more capacity to drill. I will tell you that since 2000, drilling on land has increased dramatically, climbing 66 percent. A two-thirds increase. Notwithstanding that increased drilling, gas prices have increased.  In addition to that, I will tell my friend that oil and gas companies hold leases to nearly 68 million acres of Federal land and waters on which they are not producing oil and gas. It is our belief and experts' belief that these 68 million acres of leased but currently inactive Federal lands and waters could produce an additional 4.8 million barrels of oil and 44.7 billion cubic feet of natural gas each day. That is existing leases on existing land that are not being used today.  As a matter of fact, well less than half of the currently authorized leased land for oil drilling is not being used. It would nearly double if we did that total U.S. oil production and increased domestic natural gas production, by 75 percent. That is without a single new lease or single new drilling authorization being passed.  It would also, of course, cut U.S. oil imports by more than a third and be more than six times the estimated peak production from the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge that is discussed so much on your side of the aisle.  So while we are trying to focus on understanding what effect high prices have today and what manipulation may be going on in the marketplace today that is impacting on prices, we do continue to focus on the long-term solution, which is not, frankly, looking at petroleum products, which are a wasting resource and which will not in your lifetime and my lifetime but in our grandchildren's lifetime not be the source of energy to either power our cars or our economy but alternative sources of energy.  We look forward to working with you on all of those. We believe that there is a lot of excess capacity in refining, excess capacity on leases for oil and for natural gas that currently exists that, for whatever reasons, are not being pursued now.  