Speaker, clearly, what we are dealing with is an unfortunate situation. The unfortunate situation is that apparently--and again I just learned about this about an hour and a half ago when Mr. Peterson, the chairman of the committee, told me he and Mr. Goodlatte were discussing this problem and how to proceed. Apparently what happened is title III, which I understand is not very controversial, but in any event, title III came up on the screen for the printing on the parchment that is sent to the President, but, unfortunately, for whatever reasons, it was not printed out and it was not caught in the proofing of that. Apparently, as well, the White House did not catch the fact that the bill was not inclusive of title III.  Frankly, I have not looked at the bill to see whether there's a title I, II, and then goes to IV, which would have been self-evident that there was a missing title.  In any event, without having researched it or talked to anybody about precedents, what has happened is that the House and the Senate passed in exactly the same form that which was vetoed by the President. Now, we passed more than that, but that which we have just voted on was passed in both Houses in exactly the form we just voted on.  The vote, therefore, superficially, off the top of my head, without having researched this, is that what we have done is we have passed that which we originally passed through the House and the Senate and sent to the President, notwithstanding the President's veto, and something that we did also pass, which was incorporated in that bill, was neither vetoed nor signed by the President because, unfortunately, as a result of a clerical error, it was not included in the bill.  I, in discussions with Mr. Peterson, understand that he and Mr. Goodlatte were in discussion on this issue when they first learned of it, and I don't know how long they knew about it before I found out about it; that, as I thought, their agreement would be that we would pass, subsequent to passing the initial bill, the title III either by unanimous consent or under the suspension calendar.  I don't know the conversations that occurred between Mr. Peterson and Mr. Goodlatte. Mr. Peterson is on the floor, I know. I don't know exactly where he is. But it was his understanding that that would be an acceptable way to proceed. That was where I thought it to be.  