We have been waiting for that for some time, obviously.  It is my understanding the Senate is going to address this bill on Tuesday. Now, if they send it to us on Tuesday, we will see what they have in the bill. There obviously will be little, if any,time for a conference. My expectation is there will be a difference between the House bill which passed here 2\1/2\ months ago and the Senate bill.  As I said on the floor, when we passed the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act bill on November 15 or 16, I said at that time I was hopeful that we would pass it, that the Senate would pass it, and that we could have a conference in which the very important specifics of the bill might be discussed and differences ironed out. That has not yet occurred, unfortunately.  In addition, as I told my friend last week, we had still not gotten access to the documents that we had asked to see to indicate what, in fact, immunity was being asked for. Those documents, my friend and I had an opportunity to discuss that, I don't know whether he had any role in that, but they will now be made available as of today. As a matter of fact, I intend to take the opportunity tomorrow, much of the morning, perhaps even into the afternoon, to review those documents. Some few Members have had that opportunity already, but very few. So we have been very late and compressed in the schedule of dealing fully with what is the thorniest issue on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act bill, and that is the granting of immunity.  I will tell my friend that, as I said, when we extended it for 15 days, when we had an agreement to do that, to give the Senate time to act, I was hopeful they could act within that time. The problem we now find ourselves in, if they act on Tuesday, and they send the bill to us on Wednesday or late Tuesday night, I don't know how long their consideration is going to take.  As you know, there is substantial controversy, as is evident by the difficulty they have had in passing it, so I don't know exactly how quickly they will be able to pass that bill. But as I have said on numerous occasions, we believe, I believe, there are serious issues on which there are obviously honest differences of opinion.  I agree with my friend, we would like to resolve this. We would like to have it resolved so that we don't visit it monthly or every 3 months or every 6 months. We believe, as I said before, that the current bill, the current FISA law, if it is reverted to, will provide for all of the intelligence surveillance that is needed by the administration.  It would require, of course, getting FISA approval, the court's approval, which was, of course, contemplated in 1978 when it was adopted so that with or without an extension or new legislation, we believe the administration can pursue, as all of us want to, there is nobody on this floor who doesn't want to make sure that we facilitate the protection of the American public and America through the interception of communications which may be by terrorists planning to attack us.  But having said that, I am sure my friend appreciates, as I have said all along, this is a serious issue, a difficult issue for many. I think we are all agreeing on the enforcement and interception part. It is the immunity issue that gives many concerns, and they want to look at that carefully, and I think that's fair to do. Whether or not we will be able to do that next week, frankly, I tell my friend, I am not sure.  