I understand that. But the conference wanted to go for 6 months.  I thought it was such an interesting proposal because it meant ``we will go just long enough until we really do appropriations and when it really means something.'' Too often, ``hypocrisy, thy name is ourselves.'' I say it on both sides of the aisle.  Now, I'm for, as everybody knows, congressional initiatives. But I am for paying for them. When we quadrupled them, we borrowed for them from the Chinese, from the Germans, and from the Saudis. As a matter of fact, this President, as my friend knows, has borrowed more money from foreign governments than all of the other Presidents combined. Trust but verify.  Every year that I have been here, ranking members have risen, one of whom is now the chairman of the OMB, and told me what a bright future it would be if their budgets were adopted. Now, the problem is that sometimes they can't get agreement between Senate Republicans and House Republicans on what that beautiful budget ought to be. We passed a budget last year. We lived within that budget last year. We need to do so this year. And we are trying to pay for things. We had a stimulus we didn't pay for. Some of us were concerned about that, but you can't stimulate and depress at the same time.  So my colleagues in the House, Republicans and Democrats, vote for our children and future generations today. Vote for the John Spratt Democratic budget. Reject this budget that pretends it's going to bring you balance but has never done so once, not once in the 27 years that I have been here. Vote for the Spratt budget. It is good for our country. It is good for our people. It is good for our future.  Let me first thank the chairman of the Budget Committee, John Spratt of South Carolina, for all of his hard work, patience and intelligence in producing this Democratic budget resolution--which is nothing less than a blueprint of our values and priorities.  Let me also thank my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus and Progressive Caucus for offering their important budget alternatives--alternatives that reflect our shared commitment to the American people and a stronger America.  Now, before I discuss what I believe to be the vastly superior and realistic Democratic budget, let me briefly address the Republican budget substitute that we are now debating.  I both like and respect the gentleman from Wisconsin, the ranking member on the Budget Committee, Mr. Ryan. He is a thoughtful, diligent Member.  And, I believe that were it up to him, he might actually try to implement the provisions in the Republican budget substitute.  But the problem, of course, is that he would be fighting a lonely, losing, untenable battle.  This we know: many, many Republicans would not support the deep, draconian cuts to domestic programs called for in their own budget.  The fact is, this Republican budget only reaches balance in 2012 by slashing funding for mandatory programs by $412 billion.  This Republican budget would cut Medicare and safety-net programs; cut Medicaid, thereby jeopardizing health care for more than 50 million children, parents, seniors and disabled Americans; cut--and possibly eliminate--the recently enacted increase in Pell Grants; and cut funding for military retirement and health care.  Furthermore, the Republican budget implies very deep cuts in discretionary programs, devastating public health, education, safety net and infrastructure programs.  This Republican budget fails to reflect the values and priorities of the American people.  In contrast, the Democratic budget continues to move our Nation in a new direction and to clean up the fiscal train wreck caused by failed Republican economic policies over the last 7 years.  Remember, in just 86 months, Republicans have turned projected budget surpluses intorecord deficits--including a projected $386 billion this year and another $340 billion next year--and added more than $3 trillion to the national debt, which today stands at $9 trillion.  Our Democratic budget restores fiscal responsibility, adhering to pay-as-you-go budget rules and bringing the Federal budget back to balance by 2012.  It rejects the drastic funding cuts in the Republican substitute and the President's budget, which includes cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, State and local law enforcement programs, and environmental protection.  It strengthens our economy, providing crucial funding for our innovation agenda, efficient and renewable energy programs, education, and infrastructure.  It provides tax relief for hard-working Americans, including a reconciliation instruction that provides offsets for a new one-year patch of the alternative minimum tax.  And, our Democratic budget makes America safer, providing for a robust defense, boosting homeland security funding, and rejecting the President's cuts to first responder programs.  This is a budget that we can be proud of. And, it stands in stark contrast to the irresponsible fiscal policies of the current administration and former Republican majorities in Congress.  I urge all of my colleagues:  Vote for fiscal responsibility, and a bright future for our children.  Vote for the budget that reflects our values--and meets the needs of the American people.  Vote for this Democratic budget.  