 This is an important issue which is therefore why I think it's worthy of making sure that everybody understands. The gentleman from California makes the point that he believes that we are at risk. I again reiterate, all of your Members voted against the extension. The gentleman from Georgia says we had a lot of time. Very frankly Senator Reid has given the opinion, it ismy opinion, respected as a parliamentarian apparently or knowledge of parliamentary procedure, that the reason it was delayed in coming to this body was because, as the gentleman from Georgia pointed out, you made the comment, which I think is absolutely accurate, all of you on your side of the aisle thought that we would take whatever the Senate gave us because we would be fearful; we would be fearful of not pursuing substantive legislative process to discuss this very important issue. I agree with you. Every one of your Members thought, in your words, we would blink. The question is not blinking. The question is substantively getting to a result that furthers the protection of our country and the protection of our Constitution. That is our perception. That is our belief. And I will tell my friend from California that it's not my opinion alone but it's the opinion of a number of people, including the former adviser to this administration on terrorism as well as the previous administration on terrorism, Richard Clarke, that the opinion I have expressed is an accurate opinion.  The gentleman also knows in terms, and I want to say, also, I don't think it's the appropriate place nor do I intend to get into my perception of Admiral McConnell's position. That's not the purpose of this debate. I have some views, but I'm not going to get into those. What I am going to get into and simply respond to these observations is that we believe the country is protected. We believe that in terms of all of those al Qaeda objects that you make reference to, I hope and presume, I do not know, I have no secret information that I'm disclosing, but I would be shocked and dismayed and deeply disappointed if at this point in time the administration did not have in place orders that covered at least from now until August of this year, which is when we last authorized this bill, the Protect America Act, and under which the administration could have gotten authority which would have lasted for a full year. So those orders are still in place, they will not lapse, and it will be no impediment to further interception of those communications.  