 Soap Box Derby racing in our Nation's Capital has a long and rich tradition. In 1938, Norman Rocca beat out 223 other racers to win the Inaugural Greater Washington Soap Box Derby, which was held on New Hampshire Avenue. Over the years, thousands of the region's young people have participated in this great race.  Although the location has moved from the original site on New Hampshire Avenue to Capitol Hill, with stops on Massachusetts Avenue, Pennsylvania Avenue and Eastern Avenue along the way, the essence of the race has remained the same; homemade, gravity-powered cars, the spirit of competition, and the pure joy of racing. Community groups, police departments, fire departments and other sponsors sponsor children each year, children who may not otherwise be able to participate.  The Soap Box Derby is not simply a race, Madam Speaker; it is an enriching way to reach out to our youth and teach them the importance of community, responsibility, hard work and innovation.  The Soap Box Derby consists of dozens of drivers, both boys and girls, ranging in age from 8 to 17. These racers are divided into three divisions; stock, super stock and masters. The local winners of each division will automatically qualify to compete with racers from around the world in the 71st All-American Soap Box Derby in Akron, Ohio, on July 26th.  Madam Speaker, this event has been called ``the greatest amateur racing event in the world.'' It is an excellent opportunity for contestants from the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia to learn basic building skills while gaining a real sense of accomplishment.  Further, I hope that this year's winner from the Greater Washington area will have the same success as one of last year's participants, Ms. Kacie Rader. Kacie's win in Washington was only the beginning. Not only is Kacie a constituent and a neighbor, she also is the 2007 All-American Soap Box Derby Masters Division champion.  I strongly encourage my colleagues to join with me and the other original cosponsors, Representatives Frank Wolf, Jim Moran, Eleanor Holmes Norton and Chris Van Hollen, in supporting this resolution.  