Dreier. But thank you very much for participating in this.  I want to say we're here tonight saying simply that what we want to do is incredibly important. We want to pass mental health parity. We want to pay for it so our grandchildren don't pay for it. We want to pass energy independence legislation, wind, solar, tax credits. We want to pass tax credits for individuals. We want to pass tax credits for businesses to grow, but not by incurring more debt because, notwithstanding Vice President Cheney, debt does matter, and it matters to our children, it matters to our economy. And that's what's happening with our economy; so much debt that it crunched us down. And finally people said we're not going to loan anymore, and we had that credit crisis. And that's what this is all about.  Not only this bill, but this bill, by the way, is very much related to the bill we're going to consider tomorrow, this $700 billion that the administration has asked us to come up with, and I'm going to vote to do it. I'm going to vote to do it because I think the guy on Main Street, the guy on the farm, the guy in the small business, the guy who wants a job, the guy who wants to pay his kid's college expense, help him with it, the guy who wants to buy a new refrigerator because the old one broke down, he needs to have availability of credit, or his life is going to be very much undermined. That's why we're considering this bill tomorrow. That's why I'm going to vote for this bill tomorrow.  But I don't delude myself that it's the result of an economy that was advantaged by the economic program that we have seen over the last 8 years.  So I say to my friends that this rule, we may ask to withdraw this rule. We were going to call for a vote. We've told people there aren't going to be any votes. We may ask to withdraw this rule at this point in time and bring it back tomorrow, conclude the debate at that point in time for however much longer time that might take. But we have to get to, clearly, the bill to rescue our economy from the fiscal irresponsibility and the regulatory neglect that we have been experiencing for the last 8 years in America.  I hope Americans carefully consider the consequences of the economic program that is being pursued, and frankly, that Senator McCain says he wants to continue to pursue. We think that's not prudent policy, it's not good for our people.  I thank my friend for yielding the time.  