I want to congratulate him. Not only has he done that, but his father before him did that as well.  Madam Speaker, last week we watched as Senator Ted Kennedy returned from the treatment of his brain cancer to cast his vote in favor of this vital Medicare bill. I don't have to tell you how many of us in both Chambers were moved to see that lifelong crusader for health care come back to cast one more vote for America's seniors.  With that as inspiration, the Senate joined the House in voting by overwhelming margins for legislation that would and does replace a 10.6 percent payment cut for thousands of doctors in Medicare with a 1.1 percent increase, a cut that would put at risk coverage and availability of doctors for our seniors. The bill extends expiring provisions and bonus payments critical to rural communities and providers. The bill expands the preventive services that are available to our seniors. The bill phases mental health parity into the Medicare program. And it improves protections and assistance programs for our low-income seniors, about whom all of us are concerned.  Three hundred and fifty-five of us in this House voted to pass this legislation. Three hundred and fifty-five in an overwhelming bipartisan vote which said this is good legislation, our people need it, and we're going to pass it. Sixty-nine Members of the United States Senate stood up and supported this piece of legislation. And I was pleased to see so many Republicans lining up with us. This is an overwhelmingly bipartisan bill as it was sent to the President of the United States.  Preventing these Medicare cuts isn't a Republican issue or a Democratic issue. It's an issue of protecting and preserving the health care that over 44 million seniors count on, depend on, and, yes, deserve. And our message to the President was unambiguous: We will stand with our seniors and our health care providers, our military families and our disabled. And when it comes to protecting and preserving the health care they depend on, we will put aside party politics and we will stand together. Three hundred and fifty-five of us, sixty-nine in the Senate.  Today President Bush decided that the overwhelming majority of the Congress was wrong. He will have to explain, however, to America's seniors why he was so willing to stand between them and their health care.  But, thankfully, we don't have to take ``no'' for an answer. Thankfully, the Constitution provides us with the ultimate policy-making authority. And I expect, hope, and urge that the 355 of us that stood for this legislation just a short time ago will do so again today, not in opposition to the President but as a proponent of legislation which seeks to solve a problem and to provide health care for our seniors.  I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to override this misguided veto. And with their support, this bill for our seniors will become law and they will be better for it.  