Sensenbrenner and I submit the following regarding S. 3406:       For over a decade, courts have narrowed the scope of the      ADA and have thereby excluded many individuals whom Congress      intended to cover under the law. The unfortunate impact of      too narrow an interpretation has been to erode the promise of      the ADA.       With the passage of the ADA Amendments Act (ADAAA) today,      we ensure that the ADA's promise for people with disabilities      will be finally fulfilled. Our expectation is that this law      will afford people with disabilities the freedom to      participate in our community, free from discrimination and      its segregating effects, that we sought to achieve with the      original ADA.       The House of Representatives passed the ADA Amendments Act,      H.R. 3195, on June 25, 2008, by an overwhelming vote of 402-     17. The purpose of this legislation was to restore the intent      of Congress to cover a broad group of individuals with      disabilities under the ADA and to eliminate the problem of      courts focusing too heavily on whether individuals were      covered by the law rather than on whether discrimination      occurred.       That commitment has now been echoed by passage in the      Senate of the ADA Amendments Act, S. 3406, by unanimous      consent. We welcome the opportunity to pass today the version      of the ADA Amendments Act passed by the Senate, here in the      chamber where it began its journey on July 26th, 2007.       We are particularly pleased with the alliance of business      and disability representatives who came together to work with      us on this bill and support its passage throughout both      houses of Congress. Last January, we personally encouraged      these groups to work together to reach an agreement that      would work well for both people with disabilities and for      entities covered under the law. We are pleased that they have      been able to do so throughout this bill's legislative      process.       H.R. 3195, the ADA Amendments Act passed by the House, and      S. 3406, the ADA Amendments Act passed by the Senate, are      identical in most important respects.       Both H.R. 3195 and S. 3406 contain identical language      concerning mitigating measures, episodic conditions, major      life activities including major bodily functions, treatment      of claims under the ``regarded as'' prong, ensuring      regulatory authority over the definition of disability, and      conforming Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act to be      consistent with the changes made by the ADAAA.       Hence, the Report of the House Committee on Education and      Labor and the Report of the House Committee on the Judiciary,      as well as our Joint Statement introduced into the      Congressional Record on June 25, 2008, continue to accurately      convey our intent with regard to the bill we are passing      today.       While the intent is the same, as discussed more fully      below, S. 3406 takes a slightly different approach than H.R.      3195. Consequently, we want to make it clear that where the      House Committee Reports and our joint statement used the term      ``materially restricts'' to establish points in various      examples, those examples should be read to convey the same      points, and the term ``materially restricts'' should be      understood to refer to the less demanding standard for the      term ``substantially limits'' prescribed by both H.R. 3195      and S. 3406. For example, the statement in the House      Education and Labor Report that ``the Committee expects that      a plaintiff such as Littleton could provide evidence of      material restriction in the major life activities of      thinking, learning, communicating and interacting with      others'' should be understood to mean that the Committee      expects that a plaintiff such as Littleton could provide      evidence of substantial limitation in thinking, communicating      and interacting with others. (See Littleton v. Wal-Mart      Stores, Inc., 231 Fed. Appx. 874 (11th Cir. 2007)).       The key difference between the two bills is that S. 3406      uses a different means to achieve     the same goal that we achieved with H.R. 3195. As we explain      below, we are comfortable accepting this approach.       In H.R. 3195, we achieved this goal by redefining the term      ``substantially limits'' to mean ``materially restricts'' in      order to indicate to the courts that they had incorrectly      interpreted the term ``substantially limits'' in Toyota Motor      Mfg. of Kentucky, Inc. v. Williams, and to convey to the      courts our expectation that they would apply a less demanding      standard of severity than had been applied by the Supreme      Court.       Our colleagues in the Senate, however, were uncomfortable      with creating a new term in the statute. Hence, they achieved      the same goal through a different means.       Instead of redefining the term ``substantially limits,'' S.      3406 states that such term ``shall be interpreted      consistently with the findings and purposes'' of the ADA      Amendments Act. This is a textual provision that will legally      guide the agencies and courts in properly interpreting the      term ``substantially limits.'' With regard to the findings      and purposes that the textual provision requires the agencies      and court to use, S. 3406 incorporates all of the findings      and purposes of H.R. 3195, including statements that Congress      intended for the ADA to provide broad coverage and that this      legislation rejects the Supreme Court's decisions in Sutton      and Williams that inappropriately narrowed the scope of      protection of the ADA.       In order to explain how it intended the definition of      ``substantially limits'' to be interpreted, the Senate added      findings which highlighted the fact that the Williams      decision placed a too high threshold on the definition of      substantially limits and that the EEOC's interpretative      regulations were similarly drafted or interpreted to create a      burden not contemplated by the Congress. Consistent with      these findings, the Senate added two purposes which directed      the EEOC to amend its regulations to reflect the purposes of      the ADA as amended by the ADAAA and which noted that the      thrust of ADA inquiry should be directed to the compliance      obligations of the covered entities rather than the scope of      the disability experienced by the individual asserting      coverage under the Act.       While we believe that the approach we adopted in H.R. 3195      would have been workable for the courts--i.e., providing a      new definition of ``substantially limits'' in order to convey      to courts our intention that they should apply a lower      standard of severity than they previously had--we accept the      considered judgment of our colleagues in the Senate that      their approach achieves the same end, but in a manner more      suitable to their interests.       S. 3406 also modifies the rule of construction that we had      placed in H.R. 3195. Under the Senate's construction, the      definition of disability ``shall be construed in favor of      broad coverage of individuals under this Act, to the maximum      extent permitted by the terms of this Act.'' We understand      that this provision will have the same meaning as the rule of      construction that we had included in H.R. 3195, but with a      clarification that the courts may not interpret the      definition of disability in a manner inconsistent with the      terms of the ADA. That, of course, is true.       In addition, the changes made by S. 3406 will send an      important signal to the courts. We expect that courts      interpreting the ADA after these amendments are enacted will      not demand such an extensive analysis over whether a person's      physical or mental impairment constitutes a disability. Our      goal throughout this process has been to simplify that      analysis.       With the passage of the ADA Amendments Act today, we      finally fulfill our promise to tear down the barriers of      ignorance and misinterpretation that make up an unpardonable      ``wall of exclusion'' against people with disabilities. See      George H. W. Bush, Remarks on Signing the Americans with      Disabilities Act of 1990 (July 26, 1990).       We are grateful to the individuals and advocates who have      worked tirelessly to ensure the civil rights and inclusion of      people with disabilities in every aspect of life. This      includes work during various stages of the bill to bring it      to a successful conclusion.       A large group of individuals worked closely with us as we      developed the second ADA Restoration Act that was introduced      on July 26, 2007:       Tony Coelho, Immediate Past Board Chair of the Epilepsy      Foundation and Former U.S. Representative; Cheryl      Sensenbrenner, Board Chair of the American Association of      People with Disabilities (AAPD); Andy Imparato, AAPD; Sandy      Finucane, Epilepsy Foundation and her lawyers at the      Georgetown Federal Legislation and Administrative Clinic:      Heather Sawyer, Kevin Barry and Chai Feldblum; Jennifer      Mathis, Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law; Abby Bownas and      Shereen Arent, American Diabetes Association (ADA); Curt      Decker and Ken Shiotani, National Disability Rights Network      (NDRN); Arlene Mayerson and Marilyn Golden, Disability Rights      Education and Defense Fund (DREDF); Claudia Center, Legal Aid      Society of CA; Janna Starr, Paul Marchand and Erika Hagensen      of The Arc/UCP Public Policy Collaboration; Denise Rozell,      Easter Seals; Lee Page, Paralyzed Veterans Association; Bobby      Silverstein, Center for the Study and Advancement of      Disability Policy, and John Lancaster, National Council on      Independent Living (NCIL).       In January 2008, we urged representatives from both      communities to sit down with each other and to understand      each other's needs and concerns. We appreciate the leadership      role displayed in these conversations by the following      individuals on behalf of the disability community: Sandy      Finucane, Epilepsy Foundation; Professor Chai Feldblum,      Georgetown Law; Andy Imparato, AAPD; Jennifer Mathis, Bazelon      Center for Mental Health Law; Curt Decker, NDRN; John      Lancaster, NCIL.       We appreciate the leadership role displayed in these      conversations by the following individuals on behalf of the      business community: Randy Johnson and Michael Eastman, U.S.      Chamber of Commerce; Mike Peterson, HR Policy Association;      Jeri Gillespie, National Association of Manufacturers; Mike      Aitken and Mike Layman, Society for Human Resource      Management.       We appreciate the intensive work done by the core legal      team in these discussions, led by Professor Chai Feldblum and      Jennifer Mathis for the disability negotiators, ably assisted      by Kevin Barry, Jim Flug, John Muller and Emily Benfer, and      led by Mike Eastman, Lawrence Lorber, Proskauer Rose, LLP,      and Mike Peterson. We know that this group greatly      appreciated the wise counsel of lawyers from each of their      respective communities as they went through this process,      including Camille A. Olson, Seyfarth Shaw; HR Policy      Association's Employment Rights Committee, chaired by Susan      Lueger of Northwestern Mutual; Kevin McGuiness; and David      Fram, who provided wise counsel for the business community      and Professor Sam Bagenstos; Brian East, Advocacy, Inc.;      Claudia Center, Legal Aid of CA; Shereen Arent, ADA, Arlene      Mayerson, DREDF and JoAnne Simon, who provided wise counsel      for the disability community.       We benefited greatly from the fact that former colleagues      in both Congress and the Administration lent their support to      this effort, including former U.S. Representative Steve      Bartlett, former U.S. Representative Tony Coelho, former      Senator Robert Dole, and former Attorney General Richard      Thornburgh.       We appreciate the personal leadership role taken by Nancy      Zirkin and Lisa Bornstein of the Leadership Conference in      Civil Rights in making this a priority for the civil rights      community.       Finally, at the risk of leaving out some individuals, we      want to recognize some of the additional countless      individuals who helped with educating Members of Congress,      doing important coalition and media work, and providing legal      input on the bill as it progressed through Congress, from its      first stages through the final vote today: Anne Sommers,      AAPD; Angela Ostrom, Donna Meltzer, Hans Friedhoff, Ken      Lowenberg, Kimberli Meadows, and Lisa Boylan, Epilepsy      Foundation; Day Al Mohamed, American Psychological      Association; Deb Cotter, NCIL; Joan Magagna and Ron Hager,      NDRN; Mistique Cano, Maggie Kao and Robyn Kurland, Leadership      Conference for Civil Rights; Peggy Hathaway and Jim Wiseman,      United Spinal Association; Annie Acosta, The Arc/UCP      Disability Policy Collaboration; Lewis Bossing, Bazelon      Center for Mental Health Law; John Kemp, U.S. International      Council on Disabilities; Bebe Anderson, Lambda Legal Defense      Fund; Robert Burgdorf, UDC law professor; Rosaline Crawford,      National Association of the Deaf (NAD); Mark Richert,      American Foundation for the Blind; Eric Bridges, American      Council for the Blind; Jessica Butler, Council of Parent      Attorneys and Advocates; Michael Collins, Julie Carroll and      Jeff Rosen, NCD; Steve Bennett, UCP, Lise Hamlin, Hard of      Hearing Association of America; Laura Kaloi, National Center      for Learning Disabilities; Donna Lenhoff and Gary Phelan,      National Employment Lawyers Association (NELA); Darrin Brown      and Evelyn Morton, AARP; Dan Kohrman, AARP Foundation and      NELA; Katy Beh Neas, Easter Seals; Andrew Sperling, National      Alliance on Mental Illness; Toby Olson, Washington State      Governor's Committee on Disability Issues and Employment;      Myrna Mandlawitz, Learning Disabilities Association; Ari      Ne'eman, Autistic Self Advocacy Network; Shawn O'Neail,      National Multiple Sclerosis Society; Laura Owens; APSE: The      Network on Employment; Cindy Smith, CHADD; Jim Ward, ADA      Watch/National Council on Disability Rights; Nathan Vafaie,      National Health Council; David Webbert, Johnson & Webbert;      Joanne Lin, Michelle Richardson, and Deborah Vagins, ACLU      Washington Legislative Office; Lynne Landsberg and Kate      Bigam, Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism, Amy Rosen,      United Jewish Communities; Elissa Froman, National Council of      Jewish Women; Jayne Mardock, National Kidney Foundation; Jack      Clark and Mark Freedman, U.S. Chamber of Commerce; Tim Bartl,      HR Policy Association; Recardo Gibson, SHRM; Bo Bryant,      McDonald's; Keith Smith, Ryan Modlin and Bob Shepler,      National Association of Manufacturers; Ty Kelley, Food      Marketing Institute; and Jason Straczewski, International      Franchise Association.       Regardless of the work done by advocates, however, it is      ultimately we in Congress who must get the job done. We      applaud the commitment of Congressman George Miller, Chair,      and Congressman Buck McKeon, Ranking Member, Committee on      Education and Labor; Congressman John Conyers, Chair, and      Congressman Lamar Smith, Ranking Member, Committee on      Judiciary; Congressman Jerry Nadler, Chair, and Congressman      Trent Franks, Ranking Member, Subcommittee on the      Constitution, Civil Rights, and Civil Liberties; Congressman      John Dingell, Chair, and Congressman Joe     Barton, Ranking Member, Committee on Energy and Commerce;      Congressman James Oberstar, Chair, and Congressman John Mica,      Ranking Member, Committee on Transportation and      Infrastructure for bringing this bill successfully through      their committees. We applaud our 400 colleagues who voted      with us to pass the ADA Amendments Act this past June and      we applaud the Senate that unanimously passed the ADA      Amendments Act last week.       And, of course, there is no way we could have done all the      work that we did on this bill without the dedicated      assistance of our staff and the staff of the committees. So,      we would particularly like to thank Michele Stockwell, Keith      Abouchar, Michael Lenn, Sharon Lewis, Heather Sawyer, Mark      Zuckerman, Jim Paretti, Ed Gilroy, Brian Kennedy, Paul      Taylor, David Lachmann, Alex, Nock, Thomas Webb, Jody      Calemine, Tico Almeida, Chris Brown, and Ken Serafin.       What really matters, when all is said and done, is the work      done by people with disabilities every day across this great      nation. The passage of the ADA Amendments Act today is      intended to ensure that they receive the simple, basic      opportunity to participate fully in all aspects of society.      We are grateful to have played a role in helping to make that      happen,  