 Madam Speaker, you will appreciate this as much as anybody in this House. I was elected in a special election on January of 1981, actually May of 1981. The Maryland delegation had eight members. Fifty percent of the members of the Maryland House were women, Mrs. Holt, a Republican, Mrs. Spellman, my predecessor who had a cardiac arrest and her seat was declared vacant, Mrs. Byron, a distinguished wife and daughter-in-law of two Members of Congress, and actually there were four Byrons that served in the Congress of the United States, and Barbara Mikulski, were all members of the Maryland delegation.  It was a wonderful delegation. One by one, those women left for one reason or another. Senator Mikulski, of course, became the first woman elected to the United States Senate without a relative preceding her.  One by one, they were replaced by a male. Those were good males, I want you to know. But our delegation became an all-male delegation. It was, to that extent, not fully representative of the people of our State. We have been advantaged now, not only because Marylanders have elected an extraordinary individual to serve them. She is a highly educated individual. She traveled throughout the world. Her father served in the Air Force. She is well educated. She didn't go to the University of Maryland, which was a lamentable fact, but she went to a great school, Wake Forest University. She got her law degree in New Hampshire. She has served the community well and has served citizens' organizations well.  So in a very real sense, she has been a representative for a very long period of time. This day, however, she begins her career as a representative elected by the constituents of the Fourth Congressional District.  Madam Speaker, I know that I speak on behalf of yourself, on behalf of all the Members of the House and certainly on behalf, Donna, of the Maryland delegation, we are extraordinarily proud that you have joined us. Our delegation will be stronger, better and more representative because of that. And this institution will be stronger for the strong advocacy that you will bring on behalf not just of the people of the Fourth Congressional District, but the people of this Nation.  Ladies and gentlemen, I am deeply honored to introduce to you a young woman to whom some years ago I gave an appointment to the United States Air Force Academy. She determined that she was going to go to Wake Forest. But she has been my friend for a long time. Ladies and gentlemen, the newest Member of this body, Donna Edwards from the Fourth Congressional District.  She is a mother, lawyer, and long-time community activist and organizer.  Born in Yanterville, North Carolina, she moved frequently as a child.  Her father was in the Air Force, and she traveled throughout the country and world.  She graduated from Wake Forest University and later the Franklin Pierce Law Center (in New Hampshire).  Before attending law school, she worked as a contractor for Lockheed Corporation at Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt.  After law school, she clerked for a superior court judge in Washington, co-founded the National Network To End Domestic Violence, andbecame executive director of the Arca Foundation, which gives grants to civic groups, organizations that study the media, and public policy groups.  She helped lead the fight to pass the Violence Against Women Act, providing comprehensive funding to shelter and offer services to victims of domestic violence and their children.  The Washington Post has called her ``bright'' and ``tough-minded'' and recently said: ``Poised, persistent and principled, she would make a fine representative for the fourth district'' of Maryland.  