This is a sad day not only for this institution, for those of us who were Tom's friends, clearly for his family, but it is a sad day for our country. Tom Lantos had a backbone of steel and a heart of commitment, compassion, and courage.  David Dreier just mentioned my service on the Helsinki Commission. As chairman of that body for the House, with my friend Chris Smith, we shared responsibility for focusing on the human rights of people, particularly within the European theater and particularly in the Soviet Union, and we worked very hard at that. But no Member of this body has been a stronger voice, a more compelling voice for the rights of individuals, whatever their background, wherever they lived, and whatever the excuse was for acting against them or undermining their rights. When Tom spoke, especially on matters dealing with human rights, America's role in the world, the importance of confronting and defeating dictatorial regimes, both the left and right, his words contained a moral clarity and intellectual gravity that was seldom matched.  Those of us who had an opportunity to be with Tom when we met with people from around the world knew that Tom Lantos would be candid, diplomatic, but certain in his message. Tom, quite simply, was a man of great substance, an immigrant to America, like so many immigrants before him and after, but few matching his contribution to our great country.  Speaker Pelosi indicated that Tom referred to himself as an American by choice. He was a great humanitarian. His remarkable life serves as an inspiration to all of us, to his family, and to his country. He was an indomitable spirit. His life story of course is well known, and I will not repeat it here. Others will talk more specifically.  Last month, Tom was unable to attend the United Nations Annual Commemoration of the Holocaust. However, his daughter Katrina, married to one of our colleagues, Dick Swett, delivered his remarks, which called on the international community to, and I quote, ``dedicate ourselves to stopping current tragedies such as the genocide in Darfur, and to preventing such inhuman cruelty in the future.''  Tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, millions around this globe have lost an extraordinary voice for them, individually and collectively.  Tom went on to note that the ``veneer of civilization is paper thin.'' That is a lesson for all of us. We know that the mob can be uncaring of human rights, of individuals. Tom Lantos focused on that issue when he said that that veneer is very thin. John Lewis, another great humanitarian and champion of individual rights and civil liberties. He went on to say, ``We are its guardians, and we can never rest.'' Not only did he say that, but he lived his life without rest for those he saw beleaguered.  Until his last day on this Earth, Tom Lantos never rested because of what he had seen and experienced. He was an indefatigable advocate for humanrights and human decency. And now with his passing it falls to us to honor his enduring legacy, not just by speaking on this floor of what he did, but committing ourselves to continue his advocacy for liberty and human rights.  There is no more fitting tribute to this wonderful man who lived a wonderful life marked by hardship, tragedy, and also triumph, and who now is at rest in God's hands.  Madam Speaker, I especially want to speak of Annette. You cannot speak of Tom Lantos without speaking of Annette. I don't know of any couple that I have ever met that was in fact, as well as in marriage-ceremony verbiage, two people who became one, kindred spirits born of equal experience, equally committed with a passion and a courage and an untiring commitment on behalf of those who needed a voice. Annette is with us still and, therefore, Tom is with us still. May we honor him, remember him, and hold high the torch that he held so high, so successfully for so long.  God bless you, Tom Lantos.  