President, I rise today to share with the Senate a story that I truly hope is the exception to the rule. It begins last year, when a member of one of Kansas's local fire departments was called to active duty in Iraq. Certainly, that is no unique happening where today in every State people are called to service, whether they be in the service or National Guard. This gentleman, Mr. Steven Welter, and his wife have worked hard to make a good life for themselves and their three children. They live in the small community of Osawatomie, KS--it is a very fine community--where they are surrounded by friends and family. They recently purchased their first home.  Well, knowing that with Mr. Welter called to active duty they might face some real challenges meeting their mortgage payment, they contacted their mortgage provider to make them aware of their situation and to seek relief under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act.  Now, Congress has long recognized the burden that military duty places on soldiers' lives when they are called to active duty. During the Civil War, Congress placed a moratorium on civil actions that were brought against servicemembers. Today, through the Service-members Civil Relief Act, Congress provides important rights and legal protections to lessen the burden on military servicemembers. A key component of that act, initially passed by Congress 40 years ago as the Soldiers' and Sailors' Civil Relief Act, is to provide the protection for servicemembers whose military service makes it difficult for them to meet financial obligations incurred prior to being called up for active duty. That seems pretty simple. It does not forgive debt. It does not relieve a servicemember of their obligation to meet their financial responsibilities.  Among other protections, the act shields a servicemember or their family from eviction or from losing their home. The Welters sought relief under the act, requesting that their mortgage company work with them to help themmeet their financial obligation. However, the mortgage company responded by sending notice to Mrs. Keira Welter that the company had initiated court proceedings to foreclose on her home. You can imagine this lady's distress. Not only is she worried about the safety of her husband in Iraq, she is now faced with losing her home, with three children, the very scenario the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act is designed to prevent.  Not knowing who to turn to--and she thought pretty hard about it and didn't know who to call--she contacted my office and requested our assistance. After numerous conversations with her mortgage lender, Wells Fargo, I believe we have resolved her situation. I remain concerned, however, that those responsible for complying with the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act are not fully educated about their obligations, and that that problem is nationwide.  What is particularly appalling about this situation is that the mortgage company initially claimed they were unaware of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, a law that has been on the books for 40 years. They further claimed that ``they just can't be expected to keep up with everything that goes on in Washington.''  I can appreciate that last sentiment on a lot of different fronts. But ignorance is no excuse. Every financial institution has a compliance officer whose job it is is to ensure that financial institutions comply with laws and the regulations. Lord knows, I often hear from our financial institutions, banks, savings and loans, and others, about the regulatory burden our Government does place on them. Not only do they have to read all of the paperwork and the burdens and regulations; I think they have to weigh them. I appreciate those concerns, especially in the small banking community. I once spent an entire day in my hometown bank in Dodge City learning the ins and outs of what a compliance officer does. She described her job as being a ``bad news bear.'' She had to go to loan officers and say, whoops, here is another regulation you have to put up with. I know that is not an easy task.  However, today's example of egregious disregard for a 40-year-old law, and one we amended 2 years ago to provide additional protection to our military men and women, is simply unacceptable.  Let me be clear. I know our Nation's financial institutions do support our men and women in uniform. That is a given. I am also confident that they understand their obligation and responsibility to comply with this act, and that most do so. In Kansas, I know many financial service providers, and they all know that the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act is not only the law, but it is the morally right thing to do. They live in the same town. They attend the same church. They share the military family's concerns when somebody from their hometown is called to active duty, and they are so rightfully proud when they come home.  I also want to be clear it is not only financial institutions that are responsible for complying with this act. Landlords and other creditors also have certain obligations in this regard as well. I recognize that with many service members called to active duty, raising awareness of the requirements of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act is necessary. We need a lot more education. Congress should encourage anybody who is working with a service-member called to active duty, or that servicemember's family, to make sure they are aware of their obligation under this act.  Let me also take this opportunity to commend the efforts of many organizations who are working with the military families on base, veterans organizations, support organizations, and others, to ensure they receive the protections that are provided for under this act, and to provide other assistance to families of our servicemembers. That is a real win-win story all across this Nation.  I recently learned from a member of the VFW, who works with military families, who stressed that ``education about the protections that are provided under the act is key.'' Too many military families have experienced instances where a landlord, unaware of this act, sought to evict the family while the soldier was on active duty. That is egregious.  I am calling on the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the OCC. I hope they can see their way clear as to what they should be doing in this regard, and others who have responsibility for enforcing this act--by the way, the acronym is SCRA--to strengthen their enforcement in education of this important law. Any military family who has a mortgage with a national bank and who needs relief under this act can contact the OCC's consumer assistance group if they have difficulty with their bank. That number is 1-800-613-6743. Right off the bat, I can suggest that they need an easier number to remember. I feel as though I am on television trying to sell something here--and I am. It is education for our service members. Again, the number is 1-800-613-6743.  I am also going to visit with my colleagues on the Veterans Committee, the Banking Committee, Armed Services Committee, upon which I serve, and all who have jurisdiction under this act, and ask them to review what Congress can do to ensure that this situation doesn't happen to other military families.  So today I share this story to reassure our military men and women in uniform that we will make certain the protections provided in the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act are enforced. This act is intended to ensure that when a wage earner is called to active duty, their family has financial security and other protections provided for in the act while they are deployed. It means a soldier fighting in Iraq can better focus on his or her mission, without the added stress of wondering if their family is financially secure at home. We owe nothing less to our men and women in uniform who answer the call to duty.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Isakson). The Senator from Alaska is recognized.  