President, I regret that I am compelled to speak on this subject. The topic of the day is the confirmation of Ambassador John Negroponte to be the new National Director of Intelligence, but it appears as if that topic has now changed, and I have no alternative but to respond in that basically the purpose and the responsibilities of the Intelligence Committee have been challenged by the vice chairman.  I understand that the vice chairman feels strongly about this issue. We have discussed this at length--not as much as I had hoped and that we had intended to--to seek common ground, but he feels so strongly that he offered an amendment to the supplemental appropriations bill, which he has discussed.  I feel equally as strong, so much so that I filed a second-degree amendment in response. My second-degree amendment is in stark contrast to the amendment offered by my colleague and my friend. My amendment actually expresses support for our Armed Forces and intelligence officers, rather than calling into question their actions, while they are on the front lines in the war on terror. The amendment underscored the Intelligence Committee's continuing aggressive oversight of all aspects of the war on terror, including terrorist detention and interrogation.  The Rockefeller amendment is a sense of the Senate, as he indicated, calling for the Intelligence Committee to launch yet another formal investigation of the men and women who are prosecuting the war against the terrorists. The proposed Rockefeller investigation, as I read the parameters originally proposed and then refined, I think would be virtually boundless in its exploration of any matter even tangentially related to the use of rendition, detention, and interrogation of terrorists.  I want my colleagues to know that these are the very tools that are being used by our brave men and women in the military and intelligence agencies to combat a continuing terrorist threat against every American and our interests. They are also critical in our efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan, and they are saving lives as I speak.  I oppose the efforts of Senator Rockefeller to launch yet another wide-ranging investigation because I believe, despite what he believes--and reasonable men can certainly disagree--that it is currently unnecessary. I believe it would be impractical and damaging to the ongoing operations and morale of the people who are doing the job.  We are not sitting on the sidelines. We are not being passive, we are not rebuffing, we are not defaulting, and we sure as heck are not going to let the media drive the agenda within the Intelligence Committee with regard to classified information and our national security. The Senate Intelligence Committee, in the conduct of its normal but aggressive oversight responsibilities, is examining the broad issues of the effectiveness of interrogation operations, the humane treatment of detainees, the role of intelligence in tribunals and combatant status review boards, and, yes, rendition operations.  In conducting this oversight, just this past month committee staff--both minority and majority--once again visited the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay for onsite inspections, briefings, and discussions. The committee is continuing its oversight through visits, interviews of relevant individuals and personnel, through requests of documents, reviews of prior investigations, and briefings from intelligence community element, using basically the same methodology we used during the WMD review and investigation.  In other words, we are doing our job. I believe we are fulfilling our oversight responsibilities. And there are still ongoing investigations, including the Navy inspector general's investigation into FBI allegations of abuse at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba and the comprehensive efforts of the CIA inspector general of which we are fully informed to the degree that we have never been informed before.  Further, I believe the Rockefeller proposal is unnecessary because this issue has been thoroughly investigated over the past 3 years. We have investigated and investigated and investigated. In fact, we have investigated the investigations.  Let me give you an idea of how many times our own people have been investigated: in January 2002, the Custer report; January 2003, the DOD general counsel and DOD working group, with relation to the interrogation of detainees held in the global war on terrorism; September 2003, the Miller report; November 2003, the Ryder report; May 2004, the Navy inspector general review; June 2004, the Taguba report in regard to the tragedy that happened in Abu Ghraib; June 2004, the Jacoby report; July 2004, the Mikolashek report; August 2004, the Jones and Fay investigation; mid-August 2004, the Schlesinger Commission; August 2004, the Formica report; December 2004, the Army Reserve Command inspector general's assessment of military intelligence and military police training; March 2005, last month, the Church report.  This issue has been--and will continue to be--thoroughly investigated by inspectors general and criminal investigators from the DOD, all of the uniformed services, the CIA, and the Justice Department. It is hard to keep track, but I count at least 15 comprehensive national level investigations and well over 300 investigations of specific allegations of abuse. Between these investigations and our regular and aggressive oversight--I will emphasize, our regular, aggressive oversight--I am comfortable as chairman that the Intelligence Committee is meeting its responsibilities.  I want my colleagues to also think about something else. Last year, just as we have talked about, we enacted the most comprehensive reorganization of the intelligence community since its creation over 50 years ago. We created the position of the Director of National Intelligence and gave him new authorities and enormous responsibilities, further encumbered by our very high expectations. We have all spoken to that during this confirmation process.  If the Intelligence Committee embarks on an unnecessary and boundless what some would even call a fishing expedition that is surely to be tainted by politics, suggested by any leak that has appeared in the press, it will be the first thing that greets the new DNI when he takes office. As Ambassador Negroponte begins the difficult process of fixing what we and numerous commissions have said need fixing, he would be met with endless requests for documents, interviews, and hearings. So Ambassador Negroponte and General Hayden need to hit the ground running, and that would be exceedingly hard to do if they land right in the middle of an unnecessary congressional investigation.  I believe that would be a very serious mistake and contrary to the intent of Congress.  Finally, I oppose Senator Rockefeller's investigation because it will hinder ongoing intelligence collection, and I believe it would damage morale.  My colleagues should know there is a consensus in the intelligence community that terrorist interrogations are the single best source of actionable intelligence against the ongoing plans and plots of our enemy. Terrorist interrogations today are saving lives in Iraq--American lives, Iraqi lives, Afghan lives--and are subverting plots against our own homeland.  The information gleaned from interrogating terrorists is doing exactly what I said in terms of the priority that we have and our responsibilities on the Intelligence Committee in reference to our national security. The majority of usable and actionable intelligence against al-Qaida comes from the terrorist interrogations and debriefings. We must preserve this irreplaceable source of information. Do it right, yes, but we must preserve it.  There is no doubt that this is a delicate intelligence oversight issue. The oversight of detention and interrogation does command a large portion of the Intelligence Committee staff and time and effort. We must continue to treat interrogation as a delicate oversight issue or we risk losing it.  I am concerned an unnecessary informal investigation would accomplish little beyond what we already do in the course of our normal and, yes, aggressive oversight efforts. As I have said on other occasions, it will likely cause risk aversion, the very thing we are trying to avoid.  The constant and repetitive investigations of our frontline personnel will have a chilling effect, a no-confidence vote, really, on the collection of intelligence through interrogations.  The Senate and the Intelligence Committee should be publicly supportive of our men and women of our Armed Forces and intelligence agencies because the overwhelming majority of these people are doing their best to protect us all. Where there have been allegations, they are reported and they are being investigated. And after they are investigated, they are turned over to the Justice Department, if warranted, and people are being charged.  Frankly, I am fast losing patience with what appears to me to be almost a pathological obsession with calling into question the actions of the men and women who are on the front line in the war on terror. Some of these very courageous individuals wear uniforms and some do not. They leave their spouses and children at home, after assuring them that everything will be all right, with the understanding that it may not be all right, and sometimes it is not all right. They travel to the other side of the world in the service of their country with a reasonable expectation that their country supports them. At times they make mistakes, and sometimes they make serious mistakes for which they must account, and rightfully so, and we are doing that.  But as we sit here in the relative safety and comfort of the Capitol complex, I cannot help but think that some of us have lost our perspective. We will and must do our duty as elected officials. As I have indicated, we will continue aggressive oversight on this issue, and we will reach out to our friends across the aisle to incorporate their concerns. But, Mr. President, I say to my friends, we are at war. Therefore, our first and foremost duty is to support our troops and intelligence officers at home and abroad. I, for one, will not advocate using the constitutional authorities vested in this great institution as a blunt instrument on the very people we depend on to keep us safe every day.  I am on their side. And make no mistake, if we sanction another needless investigation, it will be a very public vote of no confidence in our men and women on the front lines in the war on terror. I, for one, have not lost confidence in our people.  The Senator from West Virginia referred to the almost daily revelations regarding the alleged abuses. It is very clear to me what is happening. Facts already known to us and to investigators are now finding their way into the press through Freedom of Information Act requests and, quite frankly, leaks. In Washington, a leak is not a leak until somebody gets wet. I can tell you, on the Intelligence Committee, we are right about up to here, and the same thing is true in many other agencies.  I do not think I am being conspiratorial when I suggest this is a deliberate effort to give the public the impression that this is an ongoing and growing problem. It is not. I do not believe it is. Mistakes have been made by our military and our intelligence agencies, and the Justice Department has responded properly with investigations of abuse and misconduct. We will oversee that. We are being told that, and we are being kept fully informed. I will always meet our oversight duties using facts not press reports.  I urge my colleagues to consider this, as we have two options to take. Again, I offer the open door of suggestions just as we did with the WMD inquiry to incorporate concerns of the minority on the committee with responsibilities as I see them as chairman of the Intelligence Committee and do our due diligence.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  