President, I pay tribute to my colleague and friend, Senator Brownback, for his eloquent speech on behalf of those who are disadvantaged and deserve protection from the law. He made an outstanding speech.  I rise to express my support of Judge John Roberts in regard to his nomination as Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. I know what the committee has done, and I know what the majority of Senators will likely do, and that is to vote in favor of Judge Roberts. But I also believe that an openminded individual, applying Kansas common sense, would reach the same conclusion that I have come to hold.  It is no small event for a Senator to have the opportunity to participate in the confirmation of a candidate for the position of Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Over the course of our Nation's history, the Senate has come together 155 times to vote on a Supreme Court Justice. This occasion marks the 17th time to confirm a Chief Justice. So I am humbled and honored to be part of this moment of history.  The consultation efforts on behalf of the administration with my fellow Senate colleagues in regard to this nomination have been extensive. That is probably an understatement. The President has made great efforts to open dialog and to invite input and to reach out to Members of the Senate. His nomination of Judge John Roberts is a solid choice and not one made in isolation.  Kansans understand that the words inscribed on our Founding Fathers' documents are not as delicate and fragile as the paper on which they are written. They know that the power behind these ideas is what serves as the foundation of our Nation's democratic government.  My sense from Judge Roberts is that he, too, rigorously believes in the power of the ideals set forth in the Constitution. As illustrated by his record as a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit, he adheres to the guidelines outlined in the Constitution. Simply put, he walks the talk.  After watching Judge Roberts endure--I guess that is the best word for it--over 20 hours of questioning during the nomination hearings, I find myself not only more familiar with his many qualifications, his impressive experiences, but deeply impressed with his character. Judge Roberts' respectful demeanor and his personal humility in the face of periodic abrasive questioning from some are exactly the type of qualities that a Chief Justice shouldpossess. During the question-and-answer portion of the nomination hearing, testimonies of his colleagues, former clients, and others who attested to his character, Judge Roberts has shown to be a man of high integrity, wisdom, and fairness. This assessment was echoed from those representing a broad range of ideologies.  Judge Roberts does possess a brilliant legal mind and a thorough understanding of the law. He performs his duties with a vigor and a meticulous attention to detail that has been noted by all who have spoken about him. As a judge, he approaches a case to understand the legal facts involved and the laws that are affected, while avoiding the temptation to fulfill a specific judicial philosophy. His decisions are based on the merits of the law. His record has earned him the highest rating from the American Bar Association, the ABA. It is worth mentioning that the ABA has often been referred to by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and those on this side as well as the ``gold standard'' for evaluating judges.  Most notably, in his opening statement before the Senate committee, Judge Roberts stated:       Judges and Justices are servants of the law, not the other      way around.  And concerning the rule of law, he went on to say:       It is what we mean when we say that we are a government of      laws and not of men. It is that rule of law that protects the      rights and the liberties of all Americans. It is the envy of      the world. Because without the rule of law, any rights are      really meaningless.  Clearly, Judge Roberts understands that the role of a judge is not to rule based on his personal judgments but to adhere to the laws as they are written.  The role of the third branch under our Constitution is paramount, as the Supreme Court is often referred to as the ``gatekeeper of democracy.'' The duty to ensure that legislation passed and executed is in line with the Constitution is an important check within our Government. The lifetime appointment provided for in the Constitution is an important protection for our Justices to guard against any pressure in regard to politics. The forward thinking by the authors of our Constitution actually provided for the preservation of our democracy by including these checks and balances between these three branches.  Some have expressed concern about Judge Roberts' relatively young age to be nominated to such a powerful position. On the contrary, I believe that age will allow for a term of growth and stability for the Court. In my view, his age is of less importance when compared to his style of judging. In his response to my colleague, Senator Hatch, he explains that his style is that of a modest judge. He went on to explain that:       It means an appreciation that the role of the judge is      limited, that a judge is to decide the cases before them,      they're not to legislate, they're not to execute the laws.  However, at the same time, we have witnessed judges acting beyond the scope of their duties in making decisions that in a representative democracy are legislative in their jurisdiction. We have seen that all across the country. This what I consider to be abuse of power is a source of tremendous contention, not only with folks from the great State of Kansas but with Americans nationwide on too many issues. In too many cases, we have seen decisions that are contrary to the will of the people. Americans have questioned the rulings on cases ranging from the Boy Scouts of America to the most publicized recent attack on private property rights. In Kansas, land is gold. And if land is gold, farmland is platinum. We have a healthy respect for property rights in middle America. Based on his comments, I believe Judge Roberts holds a similar opinion.  Finally, let us not forget that Judge Roberts is currently a judge. He has already experienced the confirmation process for his judgeship on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. Let us also remember that the same accolades that led to Senate approval of his nomination by unanimous consent--no disagreement, every Senator--are certainly applicable as of today.  I am hopeful that through the course of debate on this nomination and the next Supreme Court nomination--the next Supreme Court nomination--we can avoid the destructive partisanship that approached the brink of absolutism and ideology, a different criteria in regard to how we select judges. We have a duty to respectfully reflect the great traditions of this Chamber and rise above partisan bickering. We must raise the level of civility in our political discourse more so than ever in regard to considering the nomination of judges.  Our democracy is only as strong as our governmental institutions. Judge Roberts will provide a strong pillar of support in the third branch of our Government. That, and for the reasons I have just enumerated, is why I will vote in favor of Judge Roberts' nomination to be the 17th Chief Justice of the United States.  I yield back the remainder of my time. I thank the Chair.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Isakson). The Senator from South Carolina.  Mr. DeMINT. Mr. President, I rise today in support of the nomination of Judge John Roberts for Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. Just 1 year ago, I was in the middle of a heated Senate campaign, and one of the most important issues to the voters of South Carolina, an issue that came up again and again, was the topic of judges. At that time, I promised the people of South Carolina that I would fight for fair judges who would judge based on the facts and the law, not on their personal political opinions.  Americans simply cannot understand how certain judges arrive at decisions such as banning the Pledge of Allegiance or allowing local governments to take a person's home and give it to a business simply to generate more taxes.  Judge Roberts clearly understands and demonstrated in his hearings that he is the kind of Justice America needs. He is brilliant, fair, and independent. He has proven himself to be a person of integrity who is committed to equal justice for all Americans.  Judge Roberts is eminently qualified. He has earned the American Bar Association's highest rating of ``well qualified.'' Before being unanimously confirmed by the Senate in 2003 to the DC Court of Appeals, Judge Roberts had already established an unmatched resume in the legal world. After graduating in the top of his class from Harvard Law School, he went on to clerk for Justice William Rehnquist and then worked as a top aide in President Reagan's Justice Department. In private and public practice, he argued an amazing 39 cases before the Supreme Court, establishing his reputation as one of the Nation's top litigators.  During his hearing, Judge Roberts displayed his humble expertise, and I believe Americans warmly welcome his approach to the law. Despite what some Democrats are saying, Judge Roberts was very forthcoming at his hearing in discussing his judicial philosophy, his legal thinking, and his views on a judge's proper role within our constitutional framework.  The Senate was also allowed to review an unprecedented number of documents from Judge Roberts' service in the Federal Government illustrating his judicial philosophy and legal ability. In question after question, Judge Roberts showed an extraordinary knowledge of the law and its history. Without the use of notes or staff, Judge Roberts easily recalled facts from hundreds of years of case law.  I was pleased to see during the hearings that Judge Roberts stuck strictly to the Ginsburg rule, choosing not to comment on cases or issues that are likely to appear before the Court. In her hearings, Justice Ginsburg emphatically declared that she could give ``no hints, no forecasts, no previews'' as to how she would decide on future cases. She was right to do so. Judges are expected to be impartial and fair, looking at each case without prejudice. Senators who expected Judge Roberts to answer questions that required him to prejudge cases were ignoring the Code of Judicial Ethics and, I suspect, playing politics with the confirmation process for partisan reasons.  Nominees should never compromise their judicial independence and ability to rule fairly by advocating positions on issues that could come before them. Judges are not politicians. In fact, Judge Roberts himself put it best during the hearings when he said:       Judges wear black robes because it doesn't matter who they      are as individuals. That's     not going to shape their decision. It's their understanding      of the law that will shape their decision.  Judge Roberts has earned praise for his conduct during the confirmation hearings, and he has solidified broad, bipartisan support.  I believe Judge Roberts deserves a fair up-or-down vote before the Supreme Court starts its next session in October. It is important to have a Chief Justice on the bench for the start of the session and to have the Court at full strength.  Based on my July meeting with Judge Roberts, based on his qualifications and his exemplary performance before the Judiciary Committee, I am confident he will strictly interpret the law and not legislate from the bench.  Judge Roberts has all the qualities Americans want in their Chief Justice. It is critical that the Chief Justice have the ability to listen to all sides of a debate and work well with each Associate Justice. Judge Roberts has clearly displayed his patience, fairness, and respect.  The votes tomorrow for Judge Roberts will show that an overwhelming majority of Senators agree. The votes tomorrow against Judge Roberts will reveal the Senators who would not support any of President Bush's nominees, no matter how qualified they are.  I fully support the nomination of Judge Roberts. I will cast my vote in his favor for confirmation, and I urge all of my colleagues to support Judge Roberts as the next Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.  I yield the floor.  