President, I thank the distinguished Senator for yielding.  There is not another thing, basically, on any of these amendments that has not already been said or that will change anybody's vote. I don't intendto hold the Senate up, but I want to take a moment to comment on where we are in the legislative schedule and to make a personal request of my colleagues. I don't question the right of any Senator to be heard on the Senate floor. But I must say I do not understand the need to continue debating and discussing all of these amendments on the Friday afternoon before the start of a long month's recess. I ask, could we please cut down on the rhetoric so that we might be able to get along with the people's business and cast our votes. I know the manager wants that. I would probably determine that the minority would like that as well.  I make this request not only as a Senator from Kansas but as the father of a young lady that I will be walking down the aisle tomorrow. Very early this week I informed our leaders in the Senate that I had every intention of being at her rehearsal, and that rehearsal and dinner starts at 5 o'clock. I will be there. So if we must continue on making these statements this afternoon and offering these amendments, I ask that the Record reflect that any votes I miss will be the result of me performing my duties as a dad and being with my daughter on the most important evening and day of her life.  Thus, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Record reflect that should I miss votes in the afternoon, it would have been my intention to vote as follows on the Transportation bill, amendments to the gun liability bill, and the gun liability bill itself:  ``Yea'' on the Transportation bill; ``nay'' on the Reed amendment No. 1642; ``yea'' on the Frist-Craig first-degree amendment to the Kennedy amendment No. 1615. Should the first-degree amendment not be accepted, I would vote ``nay'' on the Kennedy amendment. I would vote ``yea'' on the Frist-Craig first-degree amendment to the Corzine amendment No. 1619. Should the first-degree amendment not be accepted, it would have been my intention to vote ``nay'' on the Corzine amendment. It would be my intention to vote ``yea'' on the Frist-Craig first-degree amendment to the Lautenberg amendment No. 1620. Should the first-degree amendment not be accepted, it would be my intention to vote ``nay'' on the Lautenberg amendment. Finally, it would be my intention to vote ``yea'' on final passage of the gun liability bill.  I respect and love you all. I admire you all. But while charm and looks and levity may woo us in the start, in the end it is brevity that will win my colleagues' hearts.  I yield the floor.  