President, our former Senate majority leader, Howard Baker, reportedly tells the story about his late father-in-law, Senator Everett Dirksen, who admonished him to occasionally allow himself the luxury of an unexpressed thought. After listening to the current debate on judicial nominations, there is a temptation to say, after all is said and done, pretty much all that can be said has been said.  I rise today because I do have something to say. What I want to talk about is of very crucial importance not only with regard to the judicial nominations but, perhaps more important, how we are meeting our obligations in the Senate--or better put, how we are not meeting them.  This weekend, an elderly gentleman spotted my Senator's car tag on my car in a parking lot. He wandered up to me and asked: Are you a Senator?  And I responded: Yes, sir, I am.  Well, he has some rather succinct advice for all of us who ask for and gain the public trust.  He said: You know, you fellows up there ought to get busy and quit talking past one another.  I think probably no matter the issue, most would agree he was right.  I am concerned, and so are a lot of other people--people who care, people who have given much to this country and whose advice we should be taking. One of those people is Dr. David Abshire who is president of the Center for the Study of the Presidency and whose credentials for public service are well-known and admired. Dr. Abshire recently authored a treatise, ``The Grace and Power of Civility'' and the necessity for renewed commitment and tolerance. He quoted John Witherspoon and Samuel Cooper during the days of our Founding Fathers and highlighted what they called ``the consonance of faith and reason,'' if we are to cross the bridge of united purpose.  We are not doing what our Founding Fathers did so well. As a matter of fact, we are in pretty sad shape with the shape we are in. Across the bridge? Well, today, the bridge is washed out. We can't swim. And the judges are simply on the other side.  I am going to paraphrase from Dr. Abshire. Today, as our Nation and the world confront new and great perils, there are paralyzing forces of incivility and intolerance that threaten our country. Divisions in Congress also reflect the divisions in the country. The so-called wedge issues seem and appear endless. These challenges, if allowed to divide the Nation, might well deny the next generation the prosperity and civic culture that we have inherited.  It was Benjamin Franklin who stated that Congress should be a mirror image of the American people. In the sense that there are divisions in the country, the sad fact is, as evidenced by this debate, we seemingly cannot transcendthese divisions. We keep talking past one another, saying the same things, but basically being in disagreement.  Dr. Abshire quoted the poet William Yeats, who said this, a dire prediction:     Things fall apart; the center cannot hold;     Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world,     The blood--dimmed tide is loosed, and     Everywhere the ceremony of innocence is drowned;     The best lack all convictions, while the worst are     full of passionate intensity.     Surely some revelation is at hand.  My colleagues, on this issue and so many others, we seem to be locked into an era of partisanship that echoes a mindset of absolutism that can close off dialogue and also mutual respect.  In that vein, let me take up the matter of judicial nominations, obviously, the issue at hand that currently has us tied up in partisan knots.  First, I understand the opposition on the part of my colleagues to many of the President's nominations. I understand some of my colleagues do not support certain nominees. Their opposition is well within their rights and their belief that they are reflecting the will of their constituents.  I have a very simple solution. If you believe that your constituency does not approve of certain nominees, then simply vote against them. I have done that, but I have never denied any Member of this body the right to an up-or-down vote, knowing full well that 214-year tradition of the Senate ensures that a majority vote would confirm or deny a confirmation. Contrary to the great majority of statements made by some of my friends across the aisle, the practice of filibustering judicial nominations is not steeped in Senate history or precedent.  This is a brandnew application, quite frankly, of an obstruction tool that the minority has suddenly seized, collapsed to their breast. We are seeing the reinterpretation of history and the claiming of precedent when there is none. Again, the minority is asking the American people to ignore the obvious tradition of a simple majority vote for judicial nominations that has been honored in the Senate for 214 years.  Serving in public office for over 25 years in both the House and Senate, I am familiar with the broader points of our Constitution. What I gather from all the lather from my friends across the aisle is that President Bush should just stop nominating these ``out of the mainstream judges,'' for approval.  In fact, the President should consult with the minority party to find a judicial nominee that is more appropriate and more mainstream or more in line with their thinking.  By this logic, the minority party--not the elected majority, the minority party--would have the determining role in choosing who is acceptable and who is not. Yet article II, Section 2 of the Constitution states that the President ``shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors and other Public Ministers and Counsels, Judges of the Supreme Court, and all other Officers of the United States whose appointments are not herein otherwise provided for and which shall be established by law.''  Here's the rub: The power to choose nominations is not vested in the Senate's advice and consent role. The Senate's constitutional responsibility is to ratify or to reject.  Let's talk about this new higher standard that was put into place only 2 years ago and advocated so eloquently today by my friends across the aisle. Since 2003, two short years ago, 60 votes have been the new minority criteria forced upon the Senate in order to confirm judicial nominations. The Framers of the Constitution identified seven circumstances in which a supermajority vote is warranted by one or both chambers of commerce. Here are some examples: Impeachment--we have done that; overriding a Presidential veto--haven't done that for a while; amending the Constitution--and there are quite a few bills in the hopper that would do that.  However, Senate approval of judicial nominations is not among the seven instances identified by the Constitution. Here is the heart of the matter. We do not propose to change anything. We propose to return to the tradition that governed the Senate for 214 years and an up-or-down majority vote on pending nominations.  Then there is the charge that somehow restoring Senate precedent is reactionary. I have heard a lot of people compare the Senate to the House. I served in both bodies. Intuitively then, blocking judicial nominations is, therefore, a hallowed and sacred tradition of the Senate Chamber. But history does not support that assumption. In fact, for over 200 years, judicial nominations required a simple majority vote. And again, a simple fact that I seldom read or hear within the national media, paragraph after paragraph after paragraph about the majority trying to change the rules, we are just trying to go back to the rules that were in evidence prior to the last 2 years.  This new 2003 standard through the unprecedented use of the judicial filibuster is the result of the minority not making the case against the nominees as demanded by special issue interest group ideology. Why? They are not able to convince the majority of Senators that these nominees are radical and wrong. It has been pointed out that during this debate, for 58 percent of the last 50 Congresses--well over half, almost 60 percent--the same party did control the Senate, the House, and the White House. Now, in all that time, the minority, whether it was the Democrat or the Republican Party, never, ever resorted to this systematic filibustering of judicial nominations.  So if the contention is that returning to a simple majority standard for judicial nominations would abridge minority rights, my question is, then why in the last 100 years has that bridge never been built until 2003?  Our official Senate majority leader, Bob Dole, summed it up when he said:       When I was the leader in the Senate, a judicial filibuster      was not part of my procedural playbook. Asking a Senator to      filibuster a judicial nomination was considered an abrogation      of some 200 years of Senate tradition.  And there is the related issue that has been talked about in the Senate. Unfortunately, the disease of obstruction infected other aspects of our work in the Senate last week. Obviously, the fever will not break until high noon tomorrow. Senate business and the committee hearings and the markup of legislation are in early morning slow-motion. In the afternoon, they come to a grinding halt.  For those not familiar with the Senate business, for business to be conducted off and on the Senate floor, it takes only one Senator, or in this case the minority leadership, to call a halt to the Senate conducting business off of the floor.  I am chairman of the Intelligence Committee. We get hotspot briefings every week, two or three times a week. We are marking up the PATRIOT Act. I asked why this practice was initiated so early; why last week, at a time when our Nation is fighting the global war on terror. I found that obstruction rather appalling. The answer was pretty simple: We wanted to send you a message. That message, as I interpreted it, was whoa, stop the Senate, let me get off until we get our way--something akin to a toddler throwing a temper tantrum in the middle of a grocery store with much of the same rhetoric and name calling.  What is the real problem? Let's fully understand where the real controversy lies. Too many in the Senate and too many pundits have been masking the real issue, in this Senator's opinion. It is not about preserving great Senate traditions such as minority rights. It is not about lengthy debate and cooling passions of the day. That is an oxymoron in regard to the Judiciary Committee. It is not about doing away with the filibuster. By the way, it is not about Jimmy Stewart and ``Mr. Smith Goes to Washington.'' That was a classic movie, but it is the wrong plot unless we are talking about other Jimmy Stewart movies. The movies ``Vertigo'' and the ``Supreme Court'' come to mind. Or perhaps the minority is hoping they can have the Glenn Miller Band play ``Pennsylvania 65000'' within Pennsylvania 1600 in 2008.  And it is not about unqualified or unacceptable judicial nominees. It is about a brandnew 2-year-old procedure that will deny--is denying--a majority of Senators their right and constitutional duty to vote on judicial nominees. In my view, we are riding into a box canyon here, where incivility and partisanship and absolutism and further division await. There is going tobe a lot of milling around. We do not have to go there. Let us restore the 214-year-old precedent of an up-or-down majority vote and see if we cannot reach accord and ride to a higher--a higher--common ground.  I yield back.  