I certainly thank the distinguished Senator from Virginia. This is sort of a quandary for me in that sitting in my office listening to the debate, I was having a hard time putting two and two together with my understanding of what the Intelligence Committee determined--not the committee but the vice chairman and myself. And in listening to the statements, they just didn't jibe. It is not my intent to perjure the intent of the distinguished vice chairman, but I sure have a different take on this. I think it is supported by facts.  I am rising in the hope of providing some clarification surrounding one of the issues related to the nomination of John Bolton to be U.S. ambassador to the U.N.  On April 28, the vice chairman and I, Vice Chairman Rockefeller, received a letter from the distinguished chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Senator Lugar. In that letter, the chairman asked the Senate Intelligence Committee to look into all information surrounding the process by which Mr. Bolton, between the years 2001 and 2004, requested the names of U.S. persons that had been redacted from various intelligence products. The Intelligence Committee was asked to solicit all information regarding the process by which Mr. Bolton's requests were handled, the contents of the responses, and the process by which they were communicated, as well as any conclusions reached by the appropriate intelligence agencies or elements thereto as to any violations of procedures or directives or regulations or law by those with knowledge of Mr. Bolton's requests. That was a pretty clear letter. That sets out some pretty clear questions.  It is my understanding that the vice chairman of the committee, the distinguished vice chairman and a person whom I respect, Senator Rockefeller, sent his own letter to Senator Biden with a different interpretation of the issues than I have described. I also understand that Senator Biden read that letter on the floor this afternoon. I regret that a meeting in the Intelligence Committee did prevent me from responding at that particular time, but since the distinguished vice chairman has made his remarks and his interpretation, perhaps this timing is even better. But what I don't understand is why the distinguished Senator from Delaware read only one of the letters from the vice chairman when he had both in his possession.  Nevertheless, in his letter of April 28, Senator Lugar asked the Intelligence Committee to assist the Foreign Relations Committee in ascertaining the facts. This is what I attempted to do, and I think my letter certainly speaks for itself. Unfortunately, I believe that the vice chairman's account did omit some important facts which I believe give a much clearer picture of what actually took place.  This morning, I sent a letter back to Senator Lugar detailing my findings and conclusions. This letter, which was also provided to Senator Biden, provides the rest of the story. With your indulgence, I will read my letter into the Record, as addressed to the Honorable Richard G. Lugar, chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations. It reads:       Dear Mr. Chairman:       I write in response to your April 28, 2005 letter asking      this committee to examine a number of intelligence-related      issues that have been raised during the Committee on Foreign      Relations' consideration of the nomination of Under Secretary      John Bolton to be the United States Representative to the      United Nations. My hope was to respond jointly with Vice      Chairman Rockefeller.       While we both agreed there was nothing within the contents      of the intelligence reports in question that caused us any      concern, we were unable to agree on a final text in response.  This was not for lack of trying. One day, 2 days, 3 days, a week, I think it was 10 days, trying to work out a joint letter. It just didn't happen. So we have two versions. I don't quite understand why, but especially since we both met with General Hayden, who is the Director of National Intelligence and who was the head of the NSA and, as such, is the head of intercepts and signals intelligence.  I might say right now that I really do not like this business of coming to the floor of the Senate and talking about signals intelligence and intercepts. That causes me great concern. It is of the highest classification.  I continued to Senator Lugar:       Nevertheless, I am going to convey to you my findings and      conclusions.       After completing an examination of these issues I have      found no evidence that there was anything improper about any      aspect of Mr. Bolton's requests for minimized identities of      U.S. persons. I further found no violations of procedures,      directives, regulations or law by Mr. Bolton. Moreover, I am      not aware that anyone involved in handling these requests had      any concerns regarding these requests at any point in the      process.       State Department records indicate that Under Secretary      Bolton's office did request the minimized identities of U.S.      persons that are contained in the National Security Agency      signals intelligence products on ten separate occasions.      Every request was processed by the State Department's Bureau      of Intelligence and Research.  The acronym for that is INR.       In each case, INR personnel followed standard procedure by      preparing a written request which included a justification      for the request.       INR sought the identities on behalf of Secretary Bolton's      office in each instance to better understand or assess the      foreign intelligence value of the information that was      contained in these documents. Senior INR officials were then      responsible for determining whether the requests were      reasonably related to Under Secretary Bolton's area of      responsibility.  Continuing my response to Senator Lugar:       In every instance, they were so determined and      electronically transmitted to the NSA for approval. The NSA      approved all ten of     Mr. Bolton's requests and transmitted its responses to [the      State Department and the] INR. INR officials then notified      Mr. Bolton's staff that they had received the responses and      made them available.       Committee staff interviewed INR analysts and NSA officials      responsible for processing the requests for the identities of      U.S. persons contained in signals intelligence products. None      of the individuals interviewed indicated that there was      anything improper or inappropriate about Mr. Bolton's      request.       We were also briefed by General Michael Hayden, former      Director of the NSA and current Principal Deputy Director of      National Intelligence--  He is a man who I think gives the best briefing of anybody in the intelligence community, and who was approved in regard to his nomination to that position by unanimous consent by this body.       He also stated that Under Secretary Bolton's requests were      not only appropriate, but routine. In fact, INR records      indicate that since May 2001, INR submitted 489 other      requests for minimized identities.  John Bolton requested 10.       Finally, the Vice Chairman and I reviewed all ten      documents--  We reviewed the intercepts. That is what we are supposed to do. That is the job of the Intelligence Committee. It is limited to only us two, and for darn good reason, because of the classified nature of the subject at hand.     --containing the references to U.S. persons that generated      Under Secretary Bolton's requests. The documents we received      did not contain the actual identities of the minimized U.S.      persons. After reviewing the content of each report, however,      it was apparent to us both--  This is my recollection of the meeting, and I cannot conceive of any other recollection that is accurate.     --that it was not necessary to know the actual names to      determine whether the requests were proper.       Ultimately, I found no basis to question the justification      for, or the appropriateness of, Mr. Bolton's requests for the      identities of U.S. persons contained therein.  I continue in my letter to Senator Lugar:       Further, General Hayden informed us that it is not uncommon      for senior government officials above the rank of Assistant      Secretary to make such requests. It is worth noting that Mr.      Bolton did not request the identity of every U.S. person      referenced in the documents which would have been his      prerogative.  I can remember the distinguished vice chairman's comments indicating they didn't even ask for all of them.       While I found that Mr. Bolton's conduct was entirely      appropriate and consistent with the protection of      intelligence sources and methods, I did find that there are      significant deficiencies in the process by which U.S. person      identities are provided to requesters of such information.  We have had a lot of discussion about questioners.       As your committee has now learned, a request for a U.S.      person identity is a routine occurrence in the intelligence      process. The incidental collection of U.S. person identities      is a fact of life in the signals intelligence business.      Because U.S. persons are not the targets of foreign      intelligence collection, their identities are, as a matter of      policy, redacted or minimized to protect their privacy. When      an intelligence analyst or policymaker determines that a U.S.      person identity is necessary to better understand and assess      the intelligence value of the information, they are permitted      to request that identity. The NSA evaluates that request and      either grants it or denies it. As already discussed, all of      Mr. Bolton's requests were reviewed by both the INR and NSA      and were granted.       In the course of our review, we found that the Assistant      Secretary for INR requested the identities so that they could      be passed to Under Secretary Bolton. The NSA provided the      U.S. person identities to the INR in the form of Information      Memoranda addressed to the Assistant Secretary for INR. We      were provided a copy of one of the memoranda, dated 20      February, 2003. This document included a paragraph which      stated:       ``You may disseminate the information as requested,      provided it retains the classification as stated in paragraph      two above. Request no further action be taken on this      information without prior approval of NSA.''  Now, that is important--``request no further action be taken on this information without prior approval of NSA.''       The NSA confirmed that it uses standard dissemination      guidance language in response to customer requests for      release of identities. We were also told that Mr. Bolton was      not provided the 20 February 2003 Information Memorandum      containing this language.       Upon further inquiry, we learned INR does not provide the      NSA transmittal sheets containing the U.S. person      information, or the handling information contained therein,      to the requesters of the identities, nor does it specifically      instruct the requester on the handling of such information.      The INR passes U.S. person identities verbally, without any      further guidance. The NSA expects the INR to provide specific      handling instructions at the time INR provides the identity      to the requester.       Not only did INR not provide such instructions to Mr.      Bolton, it does not provide them to anyone. Also, it has      never established any formal procedures to train or educate      requesters Department-wide on the appropriate handling of      U.S. person identities.  This came as somewhat of a shock to me, and it is something we have to review in the Intelligence Committee.       In fact, in the case of the 20 February 2003 memorandum,      the INR did not pass the identity directly to Under Secretary      Bolton, but rather passed it to an individual within his      office, an action which violated the express dissemination      guidance contained in the Information Memorandum. The      Assistant Secretary at the time of this violation was Carl      Ford.       The NSA did not in this particular instance, and does not      as a matter of course, do anything to ensure that its      dissemination guidance is actually followed by the Assistant      Secretary for INR or any official in any other Department      government-wide.       The NSA depends upon the recipient to provide specific      handling instructions to the requester and to handle the      information appropriately and in accordance with      instructions. It appears that Assistant Secretary Carl Ford      did neither in this case. The INR's failure to instruct the      recipients of U.S. person identities on their proper handling      has left the State Department officials essentially to fend      for themselves.       During the course of this review, we learned that Mr.      Bolton, in the absence of any guidance from INR or the NSA,      discussed the U.S. person identity contained in the 20      February 2003 Information Memorandum with one other      individual.  This has been pointed out as a big deal by the vice chairman and my good friends across the aisle.       This particular individual was the person referenced in the      report.       This person worked directly for Under Secretary Bolton,      possessed the necessary security clearances, received and      read the same intelligence report in the course of his      duties, and understood that he was the U.S. person referred      to therein.  I don't see what the problem is in that regard. Is this the big problem here that somebody is alleging illegal activities? By the way, the first time I learned about that was reading about it in the New York Times, as opposed to reading the letter disseminated by Senator Rockefeller to the distinguished vice chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.       The NSA request that recipients of information about      specific identities of U.S. persons take ``no further      action'' with regard to the information provided is driven by      concerns about the privacy rights of named individuals. These      privacy concerns do derive from Attorney General-approved      minimization procedures which regulate the collection,      processing, retention, and dissemination of information to,      from, or about any U.S. persons. The request is also prompted      by concerns about protecting intelligence sources and      methods.  Not to mention the chilling effect it would have in regards to all intelligence analysts.       Mr. Bolton's actions in this instance would not implicate      any of these concerns. He discussed the identity with the      actual named person who was not only fully cleared to receive      the information, but already possessed the same information.      It is also important to note that the NSA's guidance is      formulated as a ``request,'' not a mandate. When asked why      the NSA ``requests'' rather than requires, that ``no further      action'' be taken with a U.S. person identifies without prior      approval, the NSA responded by stating that the language is      now ``currently under review.''  So it is a pretty nebulous standard we are referring to in terms of any alleged misconduct.       I intend to work closely with the Director of National      Intelligence to ensure that our intelligence agencies and      elements are doing everything they can to assist and educate      the requesters of U.S. person identities in the proper      handling and protection of this information. We must do      everything we can to not only protect the privacy of our      citizens, but to protect and preserve intelligence sources      and methods.  I do not think you will find any quarrel among anyone on the Intelligence Committee or the vice chairman or myself on that.       It is for this reason that I was a bit surprised and      dismayed when a member of your committee--  Again, this is the letter that I sent to Senator Lugar--     broached this issue in the course of your public confirmation      hearings. Normally, intelligence sources and methods are      discussed in closed session to protect our continuing ability      to collect the intelligence we all agree is so vital to our      Nation's security.       As is often the case, some individuals, who are not      familiar with intelligence issues, perceive that something is      unusual and concerning when, as in this instance, it is      actually very routine. That is why the U.S. Senate created      the Intelligence Committee to deal with these issues in an      informed, responsible, and secure manner. It is my hope, in      the future, intelligence issues will be discussed in      executive session so that we can protect what are vital      national security assets.       I appreciate your recognition of our unique ability to      assist with intelligence-related issues as you consider this      very important nomination. We take very seriously our      oversight responsibilities and our obligation to protect      highly sensitive intelligence information. Your consideration      of our duty to protect intelligence sources and methods is      greatly appreciated.       Sincerely Pat Roberts, Chairman.  With a copy showing to the Honorable Joseph R. Biden, Jr.  Mr. President, I said I beg your indulgence in the reading of that entire letter on the floor of the Senate. That is the text of the letter I did send back to Senator Lugar and obviously copied to Senator Biden as of this morning.  Why my colleagues chose to give you only part of the story is a question only they can answer. I have my thinking about that, but I am not going to go into that on the floor of the Senate.  I also would like to add a bit of texture to some of the statements that have been made here today in regards to Mr. Carl Ford of ``kiss up and kick down fame.'' That has been quoted a lot. Mr. Ford has made a number of other statements that I think are relevant to these issues raised by my friends in opposition to Bolton's nomination.  For example, on page 276 of the Senate Intelligence Committee's Iraq WMD report, Mr. Ford addressed the issue of whether it was appropriate for policymakers to view intelligence assessments with skepticism.  I will just tell you that every member of the Intelligence Committee now, after our WMD report, does not take anything at face value, and I think that has helped. We just had a hearing today in which we had a response that I think was certainly more candid: Tell me what you know; tell me what you don't know; tell me what you think. I think there has been a historic change in the intelligence community as a result of our report and the WMD Commission, appointed by the President and the 9/11 Commission, in the interest of all Senators.  Mr. Ford said if a policymaker ``believed everything that the intelligence community told him, including what INR tells him, he'd be a fool. You should know better than anybody that a lot of the stuff we turn out is''--well, I am going to change the name. I am not going to say what is here. I am going to say it is a lot of what we have in our Dodge City feedlots--``and that a policymaker who sticks to that intelligence, I don't even want to be in the same room with. They've got to know the stuff isn't that good. So the notion that they sometimes disagree with us I find fine.''  That is a little slightly different take on what we have been hearing so far. I guess what Mr. Ford meant to say--and he has been before the committee many times; he is a fine man--is that it is fine to disagree with intelligence analysts as long as you are not John Bolton. I only highlight some of the things to emphasize that there seems to be a double standard for this particular nominee.  With the indulgence of my colleagues, I would also like to address some additional misperceptions about the intelligence community that were published as minority views in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee report on Mr. Bolton's nomination. The minority claims that policymakers should be restricted from making public statements that ``defame U.S. intelligence agencies.'' I find this to be a rather absurd concept.  I do not know how one ``defames'' an entire Government agency, but I do know that criticism played a vital role in our collective effort to reform the intelligence community and demand change for failure. I am not aware of any special status that insulates members of the intelligence community from criticism, nor should there be. That should be a slam dunk.  I am also unaware of any special status that prevents intelligence analysts from having their views or actions challenged by policymakers. Intelligence analysis is not an exact science. Intelligence analysts are not infallible and their assessments are not unassailable. While the intelligence community has had many successes in the past few years for which it should, and can, be proud--there are many good things they have done in protecting the homeland and providing real-time intelligence to the warfighters--astounding failures, such as 9/11 and Iraq, should make it clear that the intelligence community does make mistakes.  I often lament that policymakers did not ask enough tough questions about Iraq's suspected WMD programs prior to the war. Let me just say that persistent questioning to an analyst is not viewed by the analysts, in the 250 analysts we interviewed, as being pressured. If anything, we should be asking more questions. If anything, several members of the Intelligence Committee, whom I admire and respect and am very proud to be their chairman, ask more repetitive questions of witnesses every time we have a hearing than people are complaining about in this particular case.  Perhaps, if we all had been more diligent, the intelligence community would have been more attuned to the gaps in its information and more accurate in its judgment. I, for one, now make it a point to repeatedly and persistently question analysts who come before our committee to ensure that I understand their judgments, understand the information upon which they base those judgments, and form my own opinions about gaps in their logic.  The vice chairman and I have agreed on that, to look at every capability we have in regard to national security threats. Do we have the intelligence capability? Do we have the collection? Do we have the analysis? Is there a consensus threat analysis that makes sense? Are there gaps?  We do not want to repeat past mistakes. I am not going to go down the laundry list, starting with Khobar Towers and ending up with 9/11 or the Madrid bombing or whatever it is we are talking about, or the USS Cole. We have to put that one in.  So basically I resent any suggestion that this performance of my duty is somehow improper. I do not think that is right. Intelligence is a serious business, dealing with life-and-death issues. In my experience, our intelligence analysts understand this. They know that defending their views is vital to the process and are fully capable of doing so. These are individuals who work every day to defeat terror and defend our national security. They are tough and they are good. They are not delicate, hothouse flowers unable to defend their views or take criticism. They are, however, humans involved in a fundamentally human process. Intelligence analysts can make mistakes and their judgments are not immune from their own biases.  Intelligence assessments should inform policy, not dictate it. Ultimately, as policymakers we need to understand that intelligence is merely a tool that at times can have great value as well as serious limitations.  If we are going to make an informed judgment of Mr. Bolton's fitness for this position, please, I implore my colleagues, let us do it based upon all the facts known to us, not just the facts we like or pick out.  In conclusion, I have looked at the intercept issue and allegations surrounding Mr. Bolton's management style. I have found nothing which would give me pause in voting for his confirmation. I support the Bolton nomination. I urge my colleagues to do the same.  I yield the floor.  