President, I thank the chairman for yielding.  I rise today in opposition to the joint resolution that has been brought forward by the distinguished Senator from North Dakota. This is a great ``while I'' speech. While I share the Senator's concern, while I share his sense of frustration, while I share his sense of making sure that our beef is safe from BSE, I cannot support the resolution.  I am from Dodge City, KS. This is a town that began during the cattle drives of the Wild West days and which still bases much of its economy on the beef industry. You cannot have anybody more interested, more vitally concerned about the beef industry than this Member. In fact, the number of cattle in Ford County, where Dodge City is located, far outnumbers the citizens of the county. I used to say they were in a lot happier mood.  Not only is the beef industry king in Ford County, Dodge City, southwest Kansas, and the State of Kansas, it is a huge industry representing over $5 billion in annual revenues. We are a State with 6.65 million head of cattle compared to a human population of 2.6 million. Cattle represented 62 percent of the 2003 Kansas agriculture cash receipts, and the processing industry alone employs over 18,700 Kansans. We rank in the top three of virtually every major beef statistic. There are few issues as important to the people of Kansas as the issue of how we handle actions that are related to BSE.  Prior to the discovery of BSE in the United States in December 2003, Kansas was one of the top exporters of beef to the Japanese market. Since that fateful day in December of 2003, Kansas and U.S. beef producers have been locked out of the Japanese market.  We should not still be locked out of that market by taking action like we may do as of today on this vote. The international science--I mean international science in every country concerned--says our cattle under 30 months of age are safe and not at risk for BSE. Yet we have agreed to not send meat from any animals under 20 months of age to Japan. Still that market remains closed to the United States.  The market is not closed because of scientific concerns. It remains closed because of internal Japanese politics, and that is a fact. But we are moving forward, and I am hopeful that by continued pressure from the administration--from the President, the Secretary of State, everybody who has been in contact with the Japanese Government, and this Congress, many Members of Congress--we can somehow reopen that market, we can expedite that process.  But today, be careful what you ask for. We will take a giant step backward in our efforts to reopen markets to Japan--or, for that matter, anywhere--if we vote to approve this resolution. The same international science and guidelines that say that U.S. beef and animals under 30 months of age are safe also say that the beef and animals in Canada under 30 months are safe as well. That is the international standard. That is the sound science standard.  If we vote today to approve this resolution, the United States will be taking the same actions as the Japanese. I am not going to say it is based on politics. I know all of the concerns of my colleagues who are up on the northern border and the long history of those disputes. But we are going to be basing our decision on those concerns instead of sound science. I fear it will have both short-term and long-term ramifications. In the near term, it will undoubtedly set us back in our efforts to reopen the Japanese export market.  How can we argue that they are not basing their decisions on sound science if we cast a vote that is not based on the same sound science? We have staffers today meeting, Agriculture Committee staffers, under the direction of the distinguished chairman, with ambassadors from Japan. If we vote on this today, why meet? What kind of progress could we possibly make? Long term, how can our negotiators in this Congress argue in the international arena that all agricultural issues--not just this issue--including biotech crops, beef hormones, food safety, and any number of other issues should be based on sound science if we ourselves vote on the concerns of individuals?  I have heard some Members talk about they are going to vote for this because they worry about the lumber that is coming in from Canada. Are we about to open a trade war? I am concerned about that. But this is not the way to approach it.  I understand the concerns of many of our producers and of my colleagues who support this resolution. SenatorConrad--I affectionately call him the agriculture program policy chart man because he has, at last count, 4,153 charts he has brought to the floor since I have had the privilege of serving here--is really a champion explaining rudimentary agriculture program policy, not only to colleagues but to all who watch these proceedings.  So I understand his concern. I did oppose the entry of beef from animals over 30 months of age because it did not make any sense to allow that beef in the United States if we would not allow any cattle over 30 months due to safety concerns. That is a given.  The international science and guidelines are clear on this issue. Animals under 30 months and meat from those animals is safe. If we vote for this resolution today, we will turn our back on the longstanding U.S. position in all international trade negotiations. We are going to hurt our efforts to reopen the Japanese market. We will be setting a very dangerous precedent for future trade policy battles, and Lord knows we are going to have those with the WTO ruling brought by Brazil.  We have too much at risk to base this decision, no matter how difficult it may be, no matter how strong our feelings may be, on the politics and the passion of the moment. The long-term future of the U.S. beef industry may very well turn on this action we take today. I fear that this vote in favor of this resolution will send a negative message that will come back to haunt us on this issue and many other agriculture trade matters for years to come. I do not think we can allow that to happen. So I respectfully disagree with the Senator from North Dakota and I urge the defeat of this resolution.  I yield back whatever time I have remaining.  