 Mr. President, today I rise in support of the Central American and Dominican Republic Free Trade Agreement called CAFTA. I also want to state a word of caution in regards to an issue that is commensurate with this vote; and that is the waning support for free trade in this country, more especially in farm country.  It was not long ago when the prospect of expanding our trading opportunities with our neighbors across the ocean--the 96 percent of the rest of the world in terms of trade--was met with great optimism and urgency. I do not know of anybody who made a farm speech who did not say: OK, point No. 2, point No. 3--in the laundry list of things they were trying to get done in Washington--without involving trade and expanding exports. Times have changed.  Today I think we are suffering from what I call ``trade fatigue.'' That is to say, many times we oversell and we overestimate what is going to happen in regard to the expectations of a particular trade agreement. We oversell it. I know that many more times we overcriticize them. As a result, in farm country, I think our producers of food and fiber are a little weary and a little wary of this animal we let out of the chute called free trade.  There have to be better examples, specific examples, in regard to how our producers basically benefit from free trade during very challenging times in farm country--a time when we see a lot of industry concentration going on and consolidation, not only in farm country but throughout our entire economy.  Well, I am privileged to represent the State of Kansas where farm exports support over 47,000 jobs, both on the farm and in food processing and transportation. Farm exports from the State of Kansas are estimated at $3 billion, compromising one-third of all farm income. Our State is the Nation's top exporter of wheat and the second largest beef exporter, both of which rely heavily on increased market access. In short, an opportunity such as CAFTA is going to be essential for Kansas.  But in my hometown of Dodge City, and in the rest of farm country, you hear the discussion of trade and exports, and there is some reservation, not expectation. I do not think it is isolationism. I do not think it is protectionism. Too many times farm organizations and commodity groups are looking out for their own commodity interest instead of the big picture, which involves opportunity for all American farmers and businesses.  Perhaps more importantly, this is an issue of national security and stability, just south of our border as well. Let me touch on that.  Our country has benefitted from trade agreements with Chile, Australia, Canada, and Mexico. Since NAFTA was signed--you do not get the specific instances of this in the press; you always get the instances of somebody who has suffered economically or seen their job outsourced or whatever--but basically, these Kansas exports to Canada and Mexico combined have increased by more than 120 percent. In the first year of the Chilean Free Trade Agreement, our Kansas exports to Chile actually grew by more than 9 percent.  CAFTA will build on this trend by securing 44 million new consumers. Under the agreement, half of the current U.S. farm exports to CAFTA countries will become duty free immediately. This includes high-quality cuts of beef and cotton and wheat and soybeans--major commodities.  Under the existing World Trade Organization commitments and tariff preferences, most exports under CAFTA countries already enter the U.S. duty free. However, U.S. exports could face potential tariffs of up to 250 percent in the case of beef. Despite these tariffs, why, our producers in Kansas exported to CAFTA countries a total of $23 million last year.  Earlier this month, the U.S. Census Bureau reported that our Nation's international trade deficit measured $57 billion. That was a $4 billion increase from previous reporting. As we face the growing competition in global agriculture, it is more important than ever to secure duty-free rates in these countries.  Now I want to touch on this business of security just south of our country. As chairman of the Intelligence Committee, and as a member of the Armed Services Committee, I must stress this agreement is not only about expanding market access. We are talking about stability, stability within these countries, and our own national security. Specifically, I am talking about the big issues of immigration, drug trafficking, and energy.  If you put in Mexico and Venezuela, for instance, albeit they are adjacent to the CAFTA countries, we are talking about 23 percent of our energy supply. I do not think it is an exaggeration to say that without this trade agreement we run the risk of these countries falling prey to others who have far less interest in democracy and stability than in manipulation and power within these countries. I do not want to go back to the days of the 1980s. I do not want to go back to the Nicaraguan situation and Danny Ortega. That is not in the best interests of these countries in the region, and it certainly is not in the best interests of our national security.  So given this reality, it is difficult to understand how the interests of one commodity--one commodity; and I am talking about sugar--has largely outweighed the potential for regional stability in CAFTA countries. In the past, whether in trade agreements or trade disputes, whether it be in farm bills or budget reconciliations, our commodity and producer groups sank or swam together. We either hung separately or we basically tried to hang together.  But today that is not the case. And, I am not trying to pick on the sugar industry or the sugar representatives or the hard-pressed sugar producers in the United States. It is just that I am terribly concerned that instead of ``one for all and all for one,'' we have ``all for one and one for one.'' And that is not right in regards to how we approach this from the standpoint of the agriculture interests in this country.  Sugar is already under one of the most protected U.S. agricultural programs. In fact, when compared to the rest of the world, our producers enjoy the highest world price for their product. I know about their cost inputs. I know about the difficulty, but my previous statement is correct. In recent years, we have journeyed down a dangerous road in our negotiations with the Australian Free Trade Agreement and now with CAFTA, by allowing the singular interests of one commodity to dictate the livelihood of a comprehensive and well-intended agreement. I do not think it is right for one commodity to dictate in regard to their self-interests to the detriment of other interests in agriculture.  I remember the whole-herd dairy buyout, which pretty well ruined the entire beef industry. I do not want to go down that road again. I think this is an example of that case.  Under CAFTA, during the first year of the agreement, allowable sugar imports will amount to only a little more than one day's U.S. production--one day. The Secretary of Agriculture pulls out of his pocket two sugar packets and says that is what every consumer will have in extra supply in regard to the CAFTA agreement. Despite the nominal projected effect on the U.S. sugar prices and production, our domestic sugar industry has demanded that they go unharmed by this and, plausibly, by any other trade agreement.  Despite efforts by the administration and others to try to reach some accommodation, many in this Congress support the sugar industry--and I have as well. As chairman of the House Agriculture Committee during 1996 and through six farm bills, I tried to be helpful to the sugar industry. Every time we have a reconciliation bill, every time we have an appropriations bill, every time we have any votes on a farm bill, we have tried to be of help to the sugar industry. Usually those votes are very close, by two votes, four votes, five votes in the House of Representatives, and the same happens in the Senate. So you stand up and say: OK, let's really try to stay together in regard tothe agricultural lobby and be fair to our producers nationwide, nobody singled out. I am saying to the sugar industry, you may win this battle, but you may also lose the war.  Sugar's insistence upon receiving special treatment makes it very likely that the rest of agriculture, which overwhelmingly supports CAFTA, may opt not to participate in sugar's defense the next time that program faces a WTO challenge, budget reconciliation measure, and the endless amendments to end sugar's support program during the next farm bill. Let that warning be heard.  Some of my colleagues have expressed their concern--we just heard Senator Wyden, the distinguished Senator from Oregon--in regard to labor and human rights standards in the CAFTA countries, arguing the agreement does not set strict enough standards in these areas. I am concerned about the environmental concerns in these countries and the labor concerns in regard to these countries and the human rights standards, but trade agreements are not the appropriate forum for addressing these issues. Basically the country will say: Thank you very much. We are a sovereign country. We are not going to trade with the United States. We will trade with somebody else. We will address these problems on our own. It is a little bit impervious in regard to that concern.  I don't think we can expect these countries to establish and value the same high labor standards we have overnight. Rather, we should encourage and facilitate the emergence of such standards.  Today the most important question is not what happens if we approve CAFTA but, rather, what would happen if we don't pass this agreement. Only an ocean away, China is aggressively pursuing opportunities to compete in both the high tech and production agricultural sectors. We have only gotten a glimpse of the economic capability and resources of this country. Furthermore, we face additional and continued threats and allegations from the WTO in regards to our international food aid and export programs. I am talking about our food aid and export programs. The recent cotton case brought by Brazil is one of the most serious agriculture trade disputes we have ever faced. And farm country has not awakened to this challenge. The Senate has not awakened to it. The ramifications of this decision in this case are far-reaching and could potentially affect every section of our farm export programs.  If we fail to approve CAFTA, we stand to lose credibility in these negotiations and, in turn, the ability to aptly protect the food aid programs and the development assistance that are essential in our war against terror and our efforts to prevent children in the Sudan from going hungry.  We have not come this far to take one step forward in the WTO and, with our other bilateral trade negotiations, to take two steps backward by failing to approve CAFTA. If we do not approve CAFTA, I don't know what we do with the Free Trade in Americas Act. I don't know what we do as we go into the WTO negotiations facing the Brazil challenge. I don't know what we do in the next farm bill in regard to how we structure the farm bill if we do not rely on trade and exports, at least to the realistic degree that we should. What do you do? Do you write the farm bill and say: Go back to your domestic production and then pay a higher subsidy for which we do not have the budget dollars? I don't think so.  I urge my colleagues to support this agreement. It is in the best interest of the United States, not only on behalf of agriculture and all the other business activities that will benefit from the agreement, but also from a security standpoint as well.  I yield the floor.  