I look forward to working with him. On behalf of the man whose job it is to feed America in a troubled and hungry world, we could not have made a better choice--I am using the editorial ``we''--for a man to lead the Senate Agriculture Committee. He brings to the job extensive experience and commitment to represent not only the producers of Georgia but those all throughout the Nation. So I thank the Chairman. I look forward to working with him.  I rise today to speak on the nomination of Governor Michael Johanns of Nebraska to serve as the next Secretary of Agriculture. But first I would like to thank our outgoing Secretary of Agriculture, Secretary Ann Veneman. Ann has been a longtime and dear personal friend of mine. While she now has accepted a new challenge as head of UNICEF; that is, the United Nations Children's Fund, I want to personally thank her for the 4 years of service she has given to this Nation. Her steadfastness on behalf of agriculture was inspiring to us all. So to Ann Veneman: A job well done.  Her legacy will be her commitment to trade and food and agricultural security, which is in the best interest of all Americans. On her watch she dealtwith some of the most difficult issues any Secretary could ever face: first, a threat of foot and mouth disease almost as soon as she took office, later followed by BSE issues and the introduction of something called Asian soybean rust, which is a very severe problem. She handled all of these problems well. And she also established a plant and animal disease monitoring system. Again, that will be her legacy.  I also wish Governor Johanns all the best as he becomes our new Secretary of Agriculture. It will not be an easy job, and he knows that. Secretary Johanns will be forced to confront many of the same issues Secretary Veneman faced. He will face food safety and security surprises that will make it all the more important to continue to protect the safety and security of our food supply and the agricultural sector.  He will also face challenges with regard to budget pressures, the farm bill reauthorization, and also continued competition--I want to emphasize this--if not an outright ambush to U.S. farm programs through the World Trade Organization. That is going to be a very big challenge to all of us.  Mike Johanns is up to and qualified for this task. I had the pleasure to visit at length with the Governor prior to his confirmation hearing. I attended the entire hearing. Actually, I had the gavel when we moved the nomination. Knowing the Governor from a neighboring State, I can tell you he has a passion for this job. He has committed to do well on behalf of our farmers, ranchers, food safety, and our nutrition programs.  