President, I thank you.  Mr. President, as chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, I rise today in strong support of the nomination of Ambassador John D. Negroponte to serve as our Nation's first Director of National Intelligence.  The committee held Ambassador Negroponte's confirmation hearing on Tuesday, April 12, and voted favorably to report his nomination to the full Senate on Thursday, April 14.  Now, the speed with which the committee acted upon this nomination and the nomination of LTG, soon to be four-star general, Michael Hayden, to be the Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence, really underscores the importance the committee, and I believe the Senate, places on continuing and ensuring reform of our Nation's intelligence community and, as a result, our national security.  While our intelligence community has a great number of successes--let me emphasize that--of which intelligence professionals should be justifiably proud--and the problem here is that when we have successes in the intelligence community, many times either the community or those of us who serve on the committee or those who are familiar with those successes cannot say anything about them because it is classified--but the intelligence failures associated with the attacks of 9/11 and the intelligence community's flawed assessments of Iraq's WMD programs underscored the need for fundamental change across the intelligence community.  In my years on the Senate Intelligence Committee, I have met many of these hard-working men and women of the intelligence community who work day in and day out with one goal in mind; that is, to keep this Nation secure and our people safe.  They are held back, however, by a flawed system that does not permit them to work as a community to do their best work. So we need to honor their commitment and their sacrifices by giving them an intelligence community worthy of their efforts and capable of meeting their aspirations and our expectations of them.  So responding to that demonstrated need for reform, Congress really created the position of Director of National Intelligence with the intent of giving one person the responsibility and authority to provide the leadership that the Nation's intelligence apparatus has desperately needed and to exercise command and control across all the elements of the intelligence community.  In short, through legislation, we created the DNI, the Director of National Intelligence, to provide the intelligence community with a clear chain of command and the accountability that comes with that.  To facilitate that chain of command, and to foster accountability, the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 gave the DNI significant management authorities and tools, including expanded budget authority, acquisition, personnel, and tasking authorities.  These authorities, however, are limited in significant ways, and the legislation leaves certain ambiguities about the DNI's authorities.  As a result, there are questions about the DNI's ability to bring about the kind of change and true reform necessary to address the failures highlighted by the 9/11 attacks and the assessments of Iraq's WMD programs.  So the task of resolving these ambiguities and questions will fall to the first Director of National Intelligence. As the WMD Commission pointed out in its recent report, the DNI will have to be adept at managing more through resource allocation than through command.  Moreover, the first DNI will define the power and scope of future Directors of National Intelligence and will determine, in large measure, the success of our efforts to truly reform the intelligence community.  Bringing about that reform is not going to be easy. Numerous commissions--many commissions--have identified the same failings as those that resulted in the legislation that created the DNI. Yet previous reform efforts have proven largely fruitless.  So immune to reform is the intelligence community that the WMD Commission described it as a ``closed world'' with ``an almost perfect record of resisting external recommendations.''  Allow me to relay one example to demonstrate this point.  Over 3 years have passed since the September 11 attacks, and the elements of the community have not made the progress that we want in sharing intelligence data amongst the community. The distinguished vice chairman and I call that ``information access.''  Elements within the intelligence community, unfortunately, continue to act--some elements--as though they own the intelligence data they collect rather than treating that data as belonging to the U.S. Government.  As a result of the community's failure to repudiate outdated restrictions on information access, and its refusal to revisit legal interpretations and policy decisions that predate the threats now confronting the United States, impediments to information access are reemerging--reemerging, even today--in the very programs designed to address the problem.  Clearly, then, the Nation's first Director of National Intelligence will face tremendous challenges and will require unwavering support from both Congress and the White House.  I am pleased President Bush has made it very clear that the DNI will have strong authority in his administration. We in Congress must do our part, and we begin with the nomination of Ambassador Negroponte.  The President has made an excellent choice in choosing the Ambassador to serve as the first DNI. He has dedicated more than 40 years of service to our country. Over the course of his public service career, the Senate has confirmed him seven times, including five times for ambassadorial positions in Honduras, Mexico, the Philippines, the United Nations and, of course, most recently in Iraq. Ambassador Negroponte has also held a number of key positions within the executive branch, including serving as Deputy National Security Advisor.  In short, his career has been dedicated to intelligence and national security matters, and he has a great deal of experience to offer as the new Director of National Intelligence. He is well suited for this position. I look forward to working with him.  In my discussions with Ambassador Negroponte, I have made it clear that Congress and the American people expect him to make a difference in the intelligence community. I must say, on behalf of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and on behalf of my vice chairman and myself, we have promised to conduct aggressive, preemptive oversight in regard to helping the DNI answer the challenges he will face with regard to the capabilities we have or do not have with regard to the intelligence community.  We expect him to break down those barriers to information access I alluded to earlier. We expect him to improve the human intelligence capabilities we need. And ultimately, we expect him to provide leadership and accountability. In response to these questions, during his confirmation hearing, the Ambassador simply responded ``I will'' with conviction.  Clearly Ambassador Negroponte will face significant challenges. He is going to carry heavy burdens. I am convinced, however, he has the character, the expertise, and the leadership skills required to successfully meet these challenges and to shoulder these responsibilities.  I urge my colleagues to support this nomination, and I reserve the remainder of my time.  