I also thank our two leaders for their kind words. Senator Shelby and I met with Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer earlier this year, and we said that we want to get the Senate back to what it should be and what it has been. What better way than to do it on the appropriations bills. I have served here longer than anybody in this body. I have seen it when it has worked and when it hasn't worked. Senator Shelby and I felt we could do it.  I urge an ``aye'' vote on this final passage, second minibus package. Each of these were reported by the Appropriations Committee unanimously, Republicans and Democrats voting together. Some of us said we couldn't agree on the Sun rising in the East, but we agreed.  Incidentally, my dear friend, the Senator from Alabama--I wish to note that the tie I am wearing is one that he and Dr. Shelby gave me for my birthday this year. I thought that might be a good touch.  I thank what both Senators McConnell and Schumer said. They worked very hard with us.  The Agriculture bill continues strong support for our country's farmers. It abandons the Trump budget's proposal to leave rural communities behind and instead invests in rural development and housing programs.  The Financial Services bill supports regulatory agencies that the American people rely on to protect them from unfair, unsafe or fraudulent business practices.  The Interior bill rejects the anti-science know-nothing agenda proposed by the Trump administration by protecting the Environmental Protection Agency from the President's proposed reckless and slashing cuts. It preserves investments that ensure our children and grandchildren will enjoy clean air and water. It supports our National Parks, which are treasures that must be protected for future generations.  Finally, thanks to the bipartisan budget agreement, the Transportation bill contains $10 billion in new funding compared to fiscal year 2017 to invest in our Nation's housing and infrastructure. Every Member in this body knows of the urgent need to address the crumbling infrastructure that plagues each of our States. This is a good first step.  We are here today because Chairman Shelby and I, along with the subcommittee chairs and ranking members, worked hard to produce bipartisan bills with input from both Republicans and Democrats. Over the past 2 weeks, the Senate voted on 11 amendments, and agreed to a manager's package that contained 46 amendments important to our Members.  This is the way the Senate is supposed to work: regular order.  Our bipartisan success is due to the Shelby, Leahy, McConnell, Schumer commitment to move through this process with bipartisan support, at spending levels agreed to in the bipartisan budget deal, and reject poison pill riders and controversial authorizing language.  The House, unfortunately, is pursuing a different path. They are taking up partisan bills filled with poison pill riders that cannot and will not pass the Senate. If our progress is to continue, the bills that come out of conference must be bills that can pass the Senate, which means they must be free of poison pills.  I am disappointed my election security grant amendment was rejected by the Senate. The integrity of our elections, which are the foundation of our democracy, should not be a partisan issue. It is unfortunate that the Senate voted down funding our States need to help upgrade their election infrastructure and secure our elections from interference by Russia and other foreign adversaries ahead of the 2018 midterms. We need to heed the warnings of our intelligence agencies, of the lights blinking red, of the appeals from the attorneys general, the secretaries of State, and the State and local election officials who are sounding the alarm. This duty has fallen to us, and we must not later be found to have been asleep at the switch, with so much at stake.  But this minibus is the result of hard work and compromise on the part of the chair and ranking member of each subcommittee. While it is not perfect, it will touch the lives of the American people in every State from improving roads to protecting our forests, and I urge that Senators vote ``aye'' on final passage.  If we pass this bill today, we will have passed seven appropriations bills out of the Senate and have a firm commitment to take up two more in the coming weeks. It wouldn't have worked if the chairman had not committed himself to what the rest of us did but also the chairs and the ranking members of the subcommittees we have here--Senators Hoeven, Merkley, Murkowski, Udall, Collins, Reed, Lankford, and Coons.  I also want to thank the majority staff: Shannon Hines, David Adkins, and Jonathan Graffeo, as well as their subcommittee staff.  I often say that Senators are merely constitutional impediments to their staff. I know my staff has worked long hours. I might get home on a Saturday or Sunday, and they are still working, people like Charles Kieffer, Chanda Betourney, Jessica Berry, Rachael Taylor, Dianne Nellor, Dabney Hegg, Ellen Murray, and all of the subcommittee staff.  Finally, I wish to thank Jessica Shulkin, who is going to be leaving the Appropriations Committee in August after nearly 18 years for the Agriculture Subcommittee. Her expertise, her hard work, and her working in a bipartisan and professional way has advanced our Nation's agricultural policy, helped our rural communities, and has kept USDA and the FDA answerable to Congress. I wish Jessica all the best. She has been a pleasure to work with.  In conclusion, I have a list of all the staff, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:      Vice Chairman Leahy List of Minibus #2 Staff for the Record       Charles Kieffer, Chanda Betourney, Jessica Berry, Jay      Tilton, Rachael Taylor, Ellen Murray, Dianne Nellor, Dabney      Hegg, Ryan Hunt, Melissa Zimmerman, Teri Curtin, Diana      Hamilton, Reeves Hart, Jessica Schulken, Bob Ross, Christina      Monroe, Nathan Robinson, Jordan Stone, Jean Kwon, Shannon      Hines, Jonathan Graffeo, David     Adkins, Leif Fonnesbeck, Andrew Newton, Carlisle Clarke,      Clare Doherty, Emy Lesofski, Nona McCoy, Chris Tomassi,      Lauren Comeau, Brian Daner, Patrick Carroll, Elizabeth Dent,      Gus Maples, Rajat Mathur, Jacob Press, Jason Woolwine.  