President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Hawaii for her comments. She has had a strong voice of reason and conscience throughout this whole debate.  This is not a normal confirmation vote. I have now served in the Senate for 19 Supreme Court nominations, more than any other Senator. I have never seen so much at stake with a single seat. I have never seen this much at stake precisely because this is about so much more than one seat. Indeed, the integrity of two of the three coequal branches of our Republic is at stake. This vote will decide whether the U.S. Senate--which, at its best, can serve as the conscience of the Nation--causes the Supreme Court to be indelibly tainted in the eyes of millions of Americans, perhaps more than half of the country.  To be clear, my opposition to Judge Kavanaugh is not because he was nominated by a Republican President. In my 44 years in the Senate, I have voted for more Republican-appointed judges than almost every single Republican Senator serving today. That includes, of course, voting to confirm Chief Justice John Roberts. But Judge Kavanaugh is not a typical conservative nominee. My opposition is driven by my firm belief that his confirmation will bring great harm to the court, to this body, and to millions of hard-working Americans.  Judge Kavanaugh has been relentlessly dishonest under oath. I am not just referring to the fact that he was not telling the truth about his high school drinking or the obvious misogyny in his yearbook or whether he is ``Bart O'Kavanaugh,'' who passed out from drunkenness. All of that, of course, does speak to his credibility, as he concocted far-fetched story after far-fetched story, all to avoid conceding facts that would corroborate the Brett Kavanaugh as described by Dr. Ford and Ms. Ramirez.  But it is much more than that--much, much more than that. Every single time Judge Kavanaugh has testified before the Senate--in 2004, in 2006, and twice in 2018--he has misled and dissembled. On issues big and small, anytime he has been faced with questions that are incriminating, or would placehim in the middle of controversy, he has shown that he cannot be trusted to tell the truth. He misled the Senate. Following questions by both Republicans and Democrats, he misled the Senate about his role in a hacking scandal and thefts from the U.S. Senate. He misled the Senate about his role in confirming several controversial judicial nominees and in shaping the legal justifications for some of the Bush administration's most extreme and eventually discredited policies. I have never seen a nominee so casually willing to evade and deny the truth in service of his own raw ambition. For decades, that ambition has let him, step after step, evade the truth if it is in any way going to stop his ambitions.  