President, we are at an interesting time. We have had months of intense negotiations, sometimes lasting all night and throughout weekends. We have had very tough choices. We have had some very good-faith compromises. In other words, we have actually handled legislation the way we should.  We have reached a bipartisan agreement to fund the government for this fiscal year and to make renewed investments in the American people and to protect our national security.  The fiscal year 2018 Omnibus appropriations bill has $1.3 trillion in discretionary spending. That includes $700 billion for defense programs to support our men and women in uniform and $600 billion in nondefense programs that will help us invest in America and support our working families.  The bill has critical resources dedicated to combating the opioid epidemic, to rebuilding America's infrastructure, to improving healthcare facilities for our veterans, to improving access to affordable healthcare for all Americans, to ensuring the security of our elections, to supporting advances in scientific research, and to investing in rural communities across the country.  The Presiding Officer and every Senator have rural parts of their States, and the investments to be made in those rural communities should be good news for every Senator.  These investments would not have been possible without the 2018 bipartisan budget agreement that lifted the budget caps on discretionary spending--lifted the caps for defense by $80 billion and for nondefense by $63 billion--providing relief from the severe cuts in both defense and nondefense known as sequestration.  The consequences of the 2011 Budget Control Act, which mandated sequestration, have been devastating to our military and domestic priorities. This bill is a long-awaited step toward reversing those cuts and allowing us to reinvest in the American people.  I wish the President would actually read what is in the bill. He is calling these investments in our country's priorities a waste. Can you imagine--investing in the priorities of the United States of America a waste?  This morning, he tweeted that they were ``Dem''--I suppose he means Democrats--``giveaways.'' I would ask, Mr. President, is it a giveaway to provide medical care for the 7 million veterans who rely on the VA? I would ask, is it a giveaway to help the family in Rutland, VT, heat their home during a dangerously cold winter so they can afford their groceries? I would ask, is it a giveaway to finally take the opioid crisis seriously by making investments in research, treatment, and prevention?  The President slammed our efforts for budget parity, but he has since shamelessly held press conferences to tout initiatives only made possible by this agreement, including the sizeable new investments to counter the opioid epidemic. Even though it was criticalthat we put money in for that, he is now saying, of course, it was his idea.  A budget is where you set your priorities. The President made clear in his budget that his priorities do not rest with the needs of hard-working, middle-class Americans. The bill rejects many of those areas where the President wanted cuts in the needs of hard-working, middle-class Americans. Instead, the bill sets a vision for the future of our country. We invest not only in the wealthiest among us but in middle-class families and those who are struggling to make their way and make their community better.  We dedicate $18.25 billion to begin rebuilding our infrastructure. The American Society of Civil Engineers gives our country's infrastructure a D-plus. A lot of countries have much higher. This was the collective grade for the roads, bridges, dams, drinking water, wastewater, public parks, and schools on which we all depend. That is not acceptable, not in this country, and this bill is an important, long-overdue step toward bringing our infrastructure into the 21st century.  The bill takes the opioid crisis seriously by investing $3.3 billion into law enforcement, healthcare, and community efforts that we know help to rid our country of this scourge. The time for sloganeering and sound bites is over. I have always preferred substance over slogans, and the time for real, effective, and meaningful investment in ending this epidemic has arrived. Marcelle and I have met with too many Vermonters as we go around our State who are impacted by opioid abuse, too many neighbors and friends who are struggling to get the help they need or to help those in need. I am glad that when I return to Vermont, I can say that we heard them, and we delivered.  This bill strongly rejects the partisan package passed by House Republicans in September, which would have recklessly slashed funding for domestic priorities by $68 billion below the bipartisan agreement introduced Wednesday. Most importantly, this bill rejects devastating cuts proposed by the Trump administration. These included the President's proposed cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency, which helps ensure we have clean air and drinking water. The bill rejects his cuts to job training, education, and childcare programs that so many of our Nation's working families rely on. It rejects the President's misguided proposal to slash the budget for the Department of State. This bill also rejects the President's misguided immigration priorities by refusing his request to hire an additional 850 ICE agents and increase the number of ICE detention beds. It also rejects his request to build a ``big, beautiful wall'' on the southern border--something that reflects last century's technology. Instead of his original $1.6 billion request for 74 miles of wall, which was later increased to a request for $18 billion to build a wall on the entire southern border, the bill funds only a fraction of that, and it includes important restrictions on how the funds can be used.  The bill provides $641 million for 33 miles of fencing in the Rio Grande Valley, $251 million to replace secondary fencing, which is already in San Diego, and $445 million for replacement of existing pedestrian fencing. It speaks to real need, not to funding a campaign slogan.  Incidentally, in the request, somehow the campaign promise that this would be paid for by Mexico, and not by American taxpayers, seems to have been forgotten.  Importantly, the bill includes language requiring the Department of Homeland Security to use proven fence designs that currently exist on the border instead of allowing the President to build a 30-foot concrete wall, which would endanger our men and women who patrol the border.  I would still like the President to tell us when and how he wants Mexico to cover these costs because, time and again, he promised the American people Mexico would a pay for it. Time and again, he gave us his word. We now know that was never a promise he could keep.  One critical thing missing from this bill, though, is a remedy for the crisis the President has created, and that crisis relates to DACA recipients. I have watched with fury as the President has, day after day, tweeted the Democrats are responsible for not addressing DACA. Late last night, he tweeted:       Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so      easy, but they just didn't care.  Balderdash. For nearly two decades, I have been a proud supporter of the DREAM Act. I included it in the 2013 comprehensive immigration bill. I care. Democrats care. We voted for that bill on the floor of the Senate. Republican leadership in the House refused to take it up. Yet, after promising before Members of Congress in both parties and the American people, making a big splash on TV, the President said he would sign an agreement to address DACA, but then he walked away from a bipartisan DACA and border security compromise in February.  There is no fix for DACA because the President and the Republican leadership are not serious about getting one. I wish they would. This Senator is willing to sit down with any Senator--Republican or Democratic--if we can get such an agreement.  This bill does strike more than 130 poison pill riders. These riders would have restricted women's access to healthcare. They would have rolled back environmental protections. They would have put significant restrictions on consumer financial protections. Had these riders stayed in, we would not have reached a successful conclusion to this negotiation, notwithstanding the all-night sessions of negotiating, notwithstanding the weekends.  I do not agree with everything in this bill. When you have a package of this magnitude, there is always going to be matters included that we like and things on which we disagree. That is the nature of compromise, but the Senate was designed by the Founders of this country to require compromise. This bill represents tangible progress that is going to benefit all Americans, and I am proud of the compromise Republicans and Democrats reached together.  I thank my own staff. They have worked days and nights and weekends. I am able to leave at night. They are still working well past midnight. I was able to go to Vermont last weekend. I worked with them by phone, but they stayed here working throughout the weekend--all hours, for several weeks, and nonstop in the homestretch of finishing this comprehensive bill:  My staff director, Chuck Kieffer, whose experience and depth of knowledge has become essential to me in my role as vice chairman of the Appropriations Committee. It was especially helpful, too, that Mr. Kieffer's expertise was available to any Senator who asked--Republican or Democratic;  Chanda Betourney, a native Vermonter, deputy staff director and general counsel, who has taken with her to these negotiations her Vermont values and her long Senate experience;  Jessica Berry, another native Vermonter, who has fought for many of my priorities, and those of other Members in this body, in this spending bill;  Jay Tilton, my committee press secretary, who has gotten the word out far and wide about the importance of this bill so everybody, even though we work all night long many times--people would know exactly what we have been doing;  Jean Kwon, who has provided hours of support to the entire Appropriations Committee staff.  I also thank the Democratic subcommittee clerks for their support and their tireless efforts in crafting this bill:  Tim Rieser, Jessica Schulken, Jean Toal Eisen, Erik Raven, Doug Clapp, Ellen Murray, Scott Nance, Rachel Taylor, Alex Keenan, Melissa Zimmerman, Chad Schulken, and Dabney Hegg.  I also thank my dear friend, one of the most senior Republicans in this body, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Thad Cochran. It has been an honor and pleasure to serve with him. Senator Cochran and I have served together since 1978. We have worked together on appropriations matters, agriculture matters, every matter before this body. We have traveled the world together to help carry out America's interests. It has been a particular honor to work with him on this appropriations bill. It is his last in the U.S. Senate. As vice chairman, I salute the chairman. He is going to be sorely missed. I spoke about him earlier today.  I thank Chairman Cochran's staff for all their hard work on this bill. Particularly, I want to thank Bruce Evans and Fitzhugh Elder. They both have had long careers in the U.S. Senate. They share Chairman Cochran's dedication to this institution and his dedication to his own State of Mississippi, and they have been a pleasure for me and my staff to work with.  I say this to the Appropriations Committee staff--both the Democrats and the Republicans, some who are in the Chamber today--I thank you for the long nights and weekends you worked to get this bill across the finish line. We could not have done it without your hard work. I hope you will soon be able to spend time with your families and friends. I am sure they remember what you looked like since you left to continue this work. Certainly, we Senators know what you look like because we have seen you practically around the clock. The work has been worth it. Because of the tremendous work the staff on both sides of the aisle and the leadership staff have done, I urge an ``aye'' vote on this bill. When we can, I hope this body will give a resounding aye and send the bill to the President.  I don't see any Senator seeking recognition, so I suggest the absence of a quorum.  