President, I thank the distinguished majority leader and the distinguished other Senator from Mississippi for their comments.  I have often thought that Thad Cochran and I would serve here together straight through whatever time we have in the Senate. Because he is such a dear friend, I have often felt that Senator Thad Cochran was plucked from a central casting to fill the role of a devoted public servant. More than most of us, he looks the part, but more than most of us, he embodies the best of what the Senate can be. Currently, in this body, I have served longer here than anybody else, but I have never felt closer to a Senator than I do to Thad Cochran, my dear friend.  Our country needs more public servants like Thad. As Congress has become more partisan in recent years, Thad has stood by his values. He brings substance, not sound-bites, to the upper Chamber. His leadership, as has been described, as ``the quiet persuader'' is going to be missed.  They talk about his being the son of a schoolteacher. So it is no shock that he devoted his life to public service. He joined the Navy after graduating from Ole Miss. He went on to earn a law degree from the University of Mississippi and then became engaged in Mississippi politics, often traveling with his father to help with voter registrations in campaigns around the State. He worked on campaigns from county sheriff to the Governor's race.  Thad then went to the House in 1972--here to Washington, a couple years ahead of me--and then we became Senate partners in 1978.  He and I both became chairmen of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. Today in the committee's hearings room, our official portraits hang together. It is easy to tell them apart. He is the one with the hair and better looking.  Marcelle and I have joined Thad in Mississippi to visit sprawling cotton farms and fish farms, and twice Thad joined me in Vermont to visit small family dairy farmers. I even introduced him to my mother in Montpelier.  Now, I have to make a confession here, and I hope this doesn't go out of this room. It was during one of those trips to Vermont--to St. Johnsbury, VT--in 1985 that I had extolled the beauty of Vermont in the wintertime. When we arrived, I think the southern gentleman was not ready for temperatures that dipped down to around 20 below zero. That is cold weather even by Vermont standards. This wonderful southern gentleman turned to me and he said: Pat, this is not Mississippi weather. Then, he made a few other suggestions of what I was trying to do to him, but we had a wonderful visit just the same. We stayed in what is called the Rabbit Inn, with fireplaces going. The next day at our meetings, I think Vermont was ready to elect Thad Cochran as its third Senator, because he was so impressive.  We also traveled beyond Vermont and Mississippi. We met with leaders around the world. As senior Members of the Senate, we could go in a bipartisan way to see what they thought about the United States and to answer their questions. We and our wives became closer in these fact-finding visits. No matter how long the trip was--and some were to the other side of the Earth--Thad, through his conversation and his friendship, made even the longest trip seem short.  In our travels, one of the things I could always count on was that Thad would always check in on the Cochran fellows in whatever country we were in. Starting in 1984, the Cochran Fellowship Program has provided training for more than 17,500 people from 125 different countries to develop agricultural systems and to strengthen trade between our countries. The program also strengthens understanding between the United States and other countries.  Thad is leaving a legacy that is tied to our Nation's agricultural development. When he was chair of the Agriculture Committee, he left his fingerprints on the farm bill, which are still there today. More recently, we championed the reauthorization of the Farm to School Program, which provides Federal resources to bring fresh and nutritious local food from local farmers to more than 40,000 schools across the country, including 83 percent of the schools in Vermont--what a legacy, as the son of a teacher and a great advocate for Mississippi farmers. Thad knows how important this program is to strengthening local farm economies and educating young kids and their families about the importance of eating locally grown and nutritionally dense food. This picture was taken as we were visiting a farm--obviously not when it was 25 below zero. It was probably a warm summer day. So that is why we only have on light sweaters.  Even though we are on the opposite ends of the political spectrum, Thad and I have crossed the aisle to work hand-in-hand for the American people--from our work in the Senate to our work for years as regents at the Smithsonian. In every bill and program on which we have worked, he has been a Senator with integrity, decency, civility, and, most importantly, a dear and cherished friend. Thad will always keep his word, and I tell that to the Senate because that is a quality that is becoming too rare sometimes in both parties. He is old school. Many of us would say the best school.  When I became vice chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I knew I would have a steadfast partner in Senator Cochran. He has earned the moniker of ``the quiet persuader.'' He was also referred to by one of the members of the Appropriations Committee once--a moniker that should be appreciated--as a workhorse, not a show horse. That is why he has been so successful--the quiet persuader. Well, the quite persuader, when Hurricane Katrina struck, used his leadership to direct nearly $100 billion to communities on the gulf coast to rebuild.  Thad will leave this Chamber having cast more than 13,000 votes and becoming the 10th longest serving Senator in the history of our country. A constant champion of Mississippi and the American people, I don't think many people truly understand how much Senator Cochran has accomplished for his State and his country.  Marcelle and I count Thad and Kay among our dearest friends. His leadership on the Appropriations Committee in the Senate will be sorely missed. Our country needs more devoted public servants like Thad Cochran, and I am sad to see my dear friend leave. But I know his legacy is a presence that will be felt in this Chamber, in Mississippi, and across the country for generations to come. I will enjoy looking at the photographs of my dear friend taken in Vermont, Mississippi, and around the world. He is one of my heroes.  I yield the floor.  