President, I am pleased the Judiciary Committee approved and the Senate is considering S. 655, the American National Red Cross Governance Modernization Act of 2007. I thank my colleagues, Senator Grassley and Senator Kennedy, for their hard work on this issue and for introducing this important bill.  Since its founding by Clara Barton in 1881, the American Red Cross has provided crucial relief services to those affected by famine, floods, and natural and manmade disasters. Last year alone, the American Red Cross responded to approximately 75,000 disasters with the help of more than 1 million volunteers and 35,000 employees. As a key participant in the U.S. disaster relief plan, the American Red Cross is charged with helping the United States prevent, prepare and respond to national emergencies. Over the past several years, however, the American Red Cross has been strained by disasters of an unparalleled scope: the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, the December 2004 Asian tsunami, and the 2005 hurricane season that included the enormously destructive Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, and Wilma. These events all challenged the Red Cross's ability to respond to disasters quickly and effectively.  In order to improve its disaster relief services, the American Red Cross's Board of Governors unanimously voted to accept recommendations given by an independent advisory board, which examined the American Red Cross's governance structure and practices. S. 655 reflects these recommendations and would improve the American Red Cross's governance structure by centralizing and reorganizing its infrastructure. Some notable enhancements include reducing its board size from 50 members to 20 in order to facilitate emergency action, giving the board all the powers in governing and managing the American Red Cross, and establishing a Presidential Advisory Council composed of 8 to 10 principal officers of the executive departments and senior officers of the Armed Forces to provide governmental input and support. Additionally, the modernized charter would enhance congressional oversight and transparency by creating an ombudsman who would provide an annual report to Congress articulating any concerns of volunteers, employees, donors, clients and the public.  According to the American Red Cross's end of the year report, Hurricane Katrina created a record of 1.4 million families, or around 4 million people, who needed emergency assistance such as food, clothing, and other necessities. My wife Marcelle was one of hundreds of thousands of volunteers dedicated to providing these essential relief services to victims of Katrina. No one knows when the next disaster will strike. Congress must do everything in our power to ensure that the American Red Cross can continue and improve upon the essential humanitarian work on which the United States and the world relies. I commend the Red Cross for taking important action to reform itself, and I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation.  