President, I oppose the amendment offered by Senator Gregg, among others. It is certainly not within the jurisdiction of the Senate Agriculture Committee, on which I have the honor to serve, but is within the jurisdiction of the Senate Judiciary Committee, which I have the honor to chair. It is something that should be looked at there. It would be like putting a Defense amendment on the Agriculture bill.  But far worse than just the question of where the jurisdiction is and why this amendment makes no sense here, it would limit the legal rights of what rural women and children are eligible to receive when they are severely injured in our health care system. It does not provide protection for rural women and children. In fact, it leads to a lower standard of care by treating them differently than all other patients in the country. I am certainly not going to vote for something like this and go home to my State, which is a very rural State, and tell the women and children: I voted to make you a second-class citizen. The amendment will overturn our State laws regarding the statute of limitations. It would limit the legal rights of our most vulnerable citizens.  I am always surprised at the other side when I hear, depending on what the issues are: We have to protect the States. We have to protect our State laws. We can't have the Federal Government trample on the State laws. However, if it is something the major insurers want: Of course we will override State laws concerning the statute of limitations, we will limit the legal rights of our most vulnerable citizens.  Nothing remotely related to this novel legal treatment of severely injured rural women or children has even been debated or discussed in the Judiciary Committee. I suspect because nobody would take it seriously if you said we have to protect insurance companies, so we have to cut the legs out from under rural women and children.  The amendment does nothing to protect rural victims of medical malpractice. It does nothing to prevent the serious injuries of malpractice in the first place. Caps on damages, such as the one in the pending amendment, would arbitrarily limit the compensation that the most seriously injured patients are able to receive. This says nothing of what it does to State legislators, which is trample State legislators by telling them that an amendment debated for a matter of minutes on the floor, in our judgment, is so much better than the laws of your State.  The central truth of the troubles of malpractice insurance is that it is a problem in the insurance system and industry, not in the tort system. High malpractice insurance premiums are not the direct result of malpractice lawsuit verdicts. There have been enough studies to prove that conclusively. Rather, they are the result of investment decisions by the insurance companies that resulted in business models geared to ever-increasing profits, as well as the cyclical hardening of the liability insurance market.  Instead of blaming lawyers or, worse yet, blaming the victims of medical malpractice, we should look at the special treatment Federal law currently bestows on the insurance industry. They have a blanket exemption from Federal antitrust laws. Most people don't realize that. We assume the law applies to everybody in this country, but antitrust laws do not apply to these insurance companies.  Our antitrust laws for everybody else are the beacon of good competition practice, and when our antitrust laws are followed, consumers benefit. How? They get lower prices, they get more choices, and they invariably get better services. But when the insurance industry operates outside of the structure of antitrust laws, and they do not have to face any competition, then they are allowed to collude and they can set rates. When they do, our health care system, our physicians and our patients all suffer.  Earlier this year I introduced the bipartisan Insurance Industry Competition Act, S. 618, along with Senators Specter and Lott and Reid and Landrieu. It would assure that malpractice insurers and others could not artificially raise premiums and reduce benefits through collusion. This is a responsible solution to ensure competitive pricing--putting the burden on rural victims of medical malpractice is not.  If you were to try to put the burden on the rural victims, the women and children of rural America, for somebody else's medical malpractice, that is not the way to solve the problems.  Arbitrarily capping damages available to rural women and children does nothing to solve the flawed medical malpractice insurance market. It is a boon to companies that operate outside the antitrust system and can collude to set rates anywhere they want.  I would suggest we do a thoughtful, collaborative consideration in the Judiciary Committee where this discussion belongs, get a sensible solution that is fair to patients and can support those in our medical profession who want to practice quality health care.  This partisan amendment does not do this. It is not designed for a creative solution to a serious problem. Anyone who wants to vote for it, I hope they are prepared to go home and tell their State legislature: We walked all over you in hobnailed boots, you are irrelevant, we are the Senate. One hundred people here know far better than the legislatures in all your States.  That is not the way to do it. That is not the way to bring things about. So if you want real consideration of this, let's do it along with raising the issues of why should the insurance companies be able to collude, why should they be outside the antitrust laws, why should they be able to meet behind closed doors and do whatever they want to set our rates? That is what I ask.  