President, the REAL ID Act was legislation forced through Congress as an add-on to the emergency supplemental bill passed in May 2005, without any Senate hearingsor debate, but the implications of the Act are enormous. In addition to numerous privacy and civil liberties concerns, REAL ID is an unfunded mandate that could cost the States in excess of $23 billion.  As hearings in the Judiciary Committee and Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee have shown, REAL ID is far from being ready for primetime. In fact, the Department of Homeland Security has not even released final regulations directing the States on REAL ID implementation. With 260 million drivers in this country, I do not see how we could have the massive national databases required by REAL ID up and running in the next 5 years--much less in fiscal year 2008.  On top of that, even though they are not even in production yet, REAL ID cards are rapidly becoming a de facto national ID card since they will be needed to enter courthouses, airports, Federal buildings, and now workplaces all across the country. In my opinion, REAL ID raises multiple constitutional issues whose legal challenges could delay final implementation for years, and we should not support the Alexander-Collins amendment.  In May, the Department of Homeland Security Data Privacy and Integrity Advisory Committee expressed concern over several items in the REAL ID proposed regulations and said that they pose serious risks to individual privacy by: failing to establish a standard for protecting the storage of personally identifiable information; failing to provide methods for Americans to inquire or complain about the collection, storage, and use of personal information and remedy errors; failing to require notifying consumers of information collection and use by the State; failing to require that individuals have a choice over secondary use of that information; and failing to assure that the information collected for a specific purpose is used only for that purpose.  Congress should not fund the REAL ID program until the Department of Homeland Security makes fundamental reforms to the program and stops forcing such onerous provisions on the States. In addition, with this amendment offset by an across-the-board cut from all DHS programs, I don't think we should be robbing from other critical Homeland Security accounts--where we have seen real gains in securing our country--to pay for just 1 percent of the floundering REAL ID program.  REAL ID is not popular in our States, and opposition spans the political spectrum, from the right to the left. A large number of States have expressed concerns with the mandates of the REAL ID Act by enacting bills and resolutions in opposition.  Seventeen States have enacted statutes or resolutions against REAL ID, including Hawaii, Washington, Idaho, Nevada, Montana, North Dakota, Colorado, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Missouri, Illinois, New Hampshire, Maine, Arkansas, Tennessee, Georgia, and South Carolina.  Washington, Georgia, Oklahoma, Montana, South Carolina, New Hampshire, and Maine have gone so far as to indicate that they intend to refuse to comply with REAL ID.  Ten States have had statutes or resolutions pass one chamber of their legislature, including Oregon, Utah, Arizona, New Mexico, Wyoming, Minnesota, Louisiana, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Vermont.  Another 10 States have had statutes or resolutions introduced in their legislatures, including Alaska, Texas, Wisconsin, Michigan, Kentucky, Ohio, New York, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Maryland.  The reaction to the numerous privacy concerns and unfunded mandates of the REAL ID Act is a good example of what happens when the Federal Government imposes itself rather than working with the States to build cooperation and partnership. Since so many States have risen up in opposition to REAL ID, we should not fund this failed program, and I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment.  