President, to reiterate, our Nation's      competition laws are powerful tools to ensure that consumer      welfare is the benchmark for fair and accountable industry      practices. The vast majority of the companies doing business      in the United States are subject to the strictures of the      antitrust laws, and consumers benefit through lower prices,      more choices, and better services. Only a few industries      operate outside the federal antitrust laws, and I am pleased      to introduce today a bipartisan measure that will end the      insurance industry's exemption from the requirements of those      laws.       I am joined in this effort by the ranking member of the      Senate Judiciary Committee who has a strong record of      supporting effective competition in every industry through      our antitrust laws. I am joined as well by Senator Reid and      Senator Lott. Senator Lott represents many of the gulf coast      residents who can speak personally, and painfully, to the      abuses that insurers can wreak on their policy holders.       Insurance industry practices affect all of us. They affect      each of our constituents; they affect every business in every      state. But perhaps nowhere has the industry and its practices      come under as much scrutiny as along the gulf coast in the      wake of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Insurers have been too      often denying claims and delaying payouts to residents along      the gulf coast instead of honoring their contractual      commitments to their customers, and thereby contributing to      the rebuilding and rejuvenation of the area.       The behavior of insurers in Mississippi has been so      outrageous that the state's attorney general recently      convened a grand jury to investigate certain practices.      Hundreds of policyholders had to go to court to force the      insurance companies to fulfill their obligations.       It seems some insurance companies are eager to collect      premiums when times are good, but reluctant to aid      policyholders when tragedy strikes.       Senator Lott knows all too well the difficulties his      constituents have had with insurers. His state was hit hard      by Hurricane Katrina, and I commend him on his tireless      efforts to ensure that resources are in place to rebuild. I      have worked with them in other contexts to support efforts to      rebuild the gulf coast. Most recently, I was honored to have      assisted Senator Landrieu in her successful efforts to      convince the attorney general to dispatch additional law      enforcement to the New Orleans region.       Our fellow citizens on the gulf coast who have had to cope      with the devastation and destruction of the 2005 hurricanes,      and who were utterly failed by their woefully unprepared      government, should not also be bullied or neglected by      insurance companies in their time of need--insurance      companies whose business is based on compensating people      after a tragic loss.       Unfortunately, the insurance industry has operated largely      beyond the reach of federal antitrust laws for more than six      decades. If there ever was, there is no longer any      justification to exempt the insurance industry from federal      government oversight.       Such oversight could provide confidence that the industry      is not engaging in the most egregious forms of      anticompetitive conduct--price fixing, agreements not to pay,      and market allocations.       The Insurance Industry Competition Act we introduce today      will simply give the Department of Justice and the Federal      Trade Commission the authority to apply the antitrust laws to      anticompetitive behavior by insurance companies. Our      antitrust laws are the beacon of good competition policy.      Competition is good for consumers and good for our economy.       Insurers may object to being subject to the same antitrust      laws as everyone else, but if they are operating in an honest      and appropriate way, they should have nothing to fear.      American consumers and American businesses rely on      insurance--it is a vital part of our economy--and they have      the right to be confident that the cost of their insurance,      and the decisions by their insurance carriers about which      claims will be paid, reflect competitive market conditions,      not collusive behavior.       I thank Senator Reid and Senator Specter for joining me in      this important effort. And I thank Senator Lott for his      support, and for using the lessons of his constituents'      experiences to shed light on an industry that for too long,      in too many ways, has been out of the reach of federal      antitrust authorities.  