President, I am pleased that today the Senate is poised to pass H.R. 3580, a bill regarding the Food and Drug Administration. This legislation addresses many important health care issues and I commend the Senate leaders and relevant committee chairmen for coming to agreement on this complex bill. I have been monitoring the ongoing negotiations between the House and Senate on this legislation because a slight variation in language between the two relevant bills could have affected the claims of thousands of injured American consumers.  Last week, I chaired a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the emergence of regulatory agencies like the FDA asserting that its regulations preempt all State laws, even in the absence of congressional intent to do so. At this hearing we received extensive testimony that the Bush administration has been using this approach to shield corporations from civil liability. This regulatory preemption model has been especially troubling in the area of pharmaceutical drugs. Several times in the past several years we have learned from whistleblowers and smoking gun documents that certain corporations knew of dangers in their medical products yet failed to adequately warn consumers. Many consumers have been injured as a result of this corporate misconduct and it is certainly not congress' intent to shield such corporate decisionmaking.  The legislation we are set to pass today contains a rule of construction making clear that Congress has again decided that we are not preempting State law regarding the responsibility of drug manufacturers to immediately notify consumers of dangers without waiting for the FDA to act. Drug companies maintain the authority to correct their warning labels if they learn of any information that their products could harm consumers. These corporations can and must immediately correct any existing warning that has been issued and cannot hide behind the Byzantine regulatory structure of the FDA to shield them from liability for causing serious injury. To do otherwise would endanger all Americans who may be injured by their products and would remove the important incentive the corporations currently have to make their products safer and to adequately warn consumers of potential dangers.  