President, today we continue to debate and consider the Court Security Improvement Act of 2007. It should not be a struggle to enact this broadly supported consensus legislation. We made some progress yesterday but failed to get to final passage of this important legislation. I hope we can get there later today.  I would like to thank the majority leader for his support and leadership on this bill. Senator Reid knows all too well about the need for greater court security since the last courthouse tragedy occurred in Nevada. Nobody has been a stronger supporter of this legislation. He helped us pass similar protections twice last year. It is no surprise to me that yesterday he met with the head of the U.S. Marshals Service. Sadly, they reported a 17 percent increase in attacks this year. We cannot delay our response any further in the face of this trend.  Senator Durbin, our assistant majority leader, has been consistently dedicated to getting this legislation passed. The tragic murder of Judge Lefkow's husband and mother in her home State of Illinois serves as a terrible reminder of why we need this legislation. Senator Durbin has worked tirelessly to prevent any further tragedies from befalling our Federal judges.  As I have noted before, this legislation has broad bipartisan support. Yesterday Senator Cornyn gave a powerful statement in support of this legislation. Senator Cornyn is a former member of his State's judiciary. I urge Members to consider his views and support for these important provisions providing for increased security. Even the White House has issued a supportive Statement of Administration Policy.  Yesterday a number of amendments were filed, but none of them was relevant to the important purpose of court security. There will be other opportunities to consider worthwhile amendments. I look forward to working with Senator Coburn on Department of Justice reauthorization later this year.  We made some progress yesterday. The Senate adopted the Kyl-Feinstein amendment that was adopted in committee. I thank Senator Specter for working with me on an important managers' amendment. That amendment made several technical fixes and clarified our treatment and protection of magistrate judges and the Tax Court judges.  Last night after significant debate we had a vote on an amendment offered by Senator Coburn. Regretfully, it took from 10:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. for the Senator from Oklahoma to be ready to offer his amendment. Once offered we dealt with it promptly.  I would like to thank Senator Whitehouse for helping me manage this bill yesterday. His eloquent words in support of this legislation were much appreciated.  I thank Senators Klobuchar and Brown for helping me manage this legislation today during the Judiciary Committee's oversight hearing with Attorney General Alberto Gonzales.  I hope that today we can finish our work on this important legislation.  