Van Bokkelen to the District Court for the Northern District of Indiana. The nominations of Mr. Settle and Mr. Sullivan are for vacancies deemed by the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts to be judicial emergencies. All three nominees have the support of their home State Senators. I thank Senators Murray, Cantwell, Clinton, Schumer, Lugar, and Bayh for working with us and with the President on the nomination.  These 3 judges will bring this year's judicial confirmations total to 21. It is before the Fourth of July recess, and we have already confirmed many more judges than were confirmed during the entire 1996 session when President Clinton's nominees were being reviewed by a Republican Senate majority. That was the session in which not a single circuit court nominee was confirmed. We have already confirmed three circuit court judges in the early months of this session. As I have previously noted, that also puts us well ahead of the pace established by the Republican majority in 1999.  As the Judiciary Committee chairman, I have always treated this President's judicial nominees more fairly than Republicans treated President Clinton's. With these confirmations, the Senate will have confirmed 121 judges while I have served as Judiciary Chairman. It is a little known and wholly unappreciated fact that during the more than 6 years of the Bush Presidency, more circuit court judges, more district court judges, and more total judges have been confirmed while I served as Judiciary chairman than during the longer tenures of either of the two Republican chairmen working with Republican Senate majorities.  The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts lists 48 judicial vacancies after these nominations are confirmed, yet the President has sent us only 26 nominations for these vacancies. Twenty two of these vacancies--almost half--have no nominee. Of the 15 vacancies deemed by the Administrative Office to be judicial emergencies, the President has yet to send us nominees for 6 of them. That means more than a third of the judicial emergency vacancies are without a nominee.  Of the 13 circuit court vacancies, more than half are without a nominee. If the President had worked with the Senators from Rhode Island, New Jersey, Maryland, California, Michigan, and the other States with the remaining circuit vacancies, we could be in position to make even more progress.  As it is, we have cut the circuit vacancies in half, from 26 to 13. Contrast that with the way the Republican-led Senate's lack of action on President Clinton's moderate and qualified nominees resulted in circuit court vacancies increasing from 17 to 26. During most of the Clinton years, the Republican-led Senate engaged in strenuous efforts to keep circuit judgeships vacant in anticipation of a Republican President. To a great extent they succeeded.  The Judiciary Committee has been working hard to make progress on those nominations the President has sent to us. Of course, when he sends us well-qualified, consensus nominees with the support of his home-state Senators like those before us today, we can have success.  Mr. Settle is a partner and cofounder of the Shelton, WA, law firm of Settle & Johnson, PLLC, where he has worked for 30 years. He also served 7 years as a prosecutor and defense counsel in the U.S. Army Judge Advocate General Corps.  Mr. Sullivan is general counsel to Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc., where he has worked since 2005. Before that, he worked as a Federal prosecutor in the Southern District of New York and in private practice at the Wall Street law firm of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen, & Katz.  Mr. Van Bokkelen is the U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Indiana, where he has served since 2001. He has worked in private practice for the law firms of Goodman, Ball, Van Bokkelen & Leonard and Wilson, Donnesberger, Van Bokkelen & Reid. He previously served as an assistant U.S. attorney and as an assistant attorney general in the Indiana Attorney General's office.  I congratulate the nominees and their families on their confirmation today.  Have the yeas and nays been asked for on the Benjamin Hale Settle nomination?  