. 1681, the American National Red Cross Governance Modernization Act of 2007. The Judiciary Committee approved and the Senate passed our version of this bill last month, and I look forward to approving the Red Cross Governance bill again with the House-passed language. I want to thank my colleagues, Senator Grassley and Senator Kennedy, for their hard work on this issue and for introducing this important bill. I also want to congratulate the American Red Cross on appointing a new President and CEO last week. Mark W. Everson, currently the Commissioner of Internal Revenue was approved unanimously by the Board of Governors to head the American Red Cross, effective next month. I congratulate him on his appointment and thank current Chairwoman, Bonnie McElveen-Hunter for her dedicated leadership.  Just last week we had the opportunity to see the importance of the Red Cross and the good work they are doing on behalf of our citizens. In response to the horrific shootings on Virginia Tech's campus, the American Red Cross mobilized their local chapter and provided 200-300 hot meals to rescue workers and police officers and ensured that Red Cross mental health workers were available to students, faculty and family members. I am glad the Senate and House have worked together to pass this bill to enhance the American Red Cross' governance structure so they can better provide these crucial services in all emergencies.  Since its founding by Clara Barton in 1881, the American Red Cross has provided essential relief services to those affected by famine, floods and natural and manmade disasters. Last year alone, the American Red Cross responded to approximately 75,000 disasters with the help of more than one million volunteers and thirty-five thousand employees. As a key participant in the United States' disaster relief plan, the American Red Cross is charged with helping the United States prevent, prepare and respond to national emergencies. Over the past several years, however, the American Red Cross has been strained by disasters of an unparalleled scope; the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, the December 2004 Asian tsunami and the 2005 hurricane season that included the enormously destructive hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Wilma. These events all challenged the Red Cross's ability to respond to disasters quickly and effectively.  In order to improve its disaster relief services, the American Red Cross's Board of Governors unanimously votedto accept recommendations given by an independent advisory board, which examined the American Red Cross's governance structure and practices. H.R. 1681 reflects these recommendations and would improve the American Red Cross's governance structure by centralizing and reorganizing its infrastructure. Some notable enhancements include reducing its board size from 50 members to 20 in order to facilitate emergency action, giving the board all the powers in governing and managing the American Red Cross, and establishing a Presidential Advisory Council composed of eight to ten principal officers of the executive departments and senior officers of the Armed Forces to provide governmental input and support. Additionally, the modernized charter would enhance congressional oversight and transparency by creating an Ombudsman who would provide an annual report to Congress articulating any concerns of volunteers, employees, donors, clients and the public. The House adopted two amendments to the Senate-passed language that would clarify and ensure that the chapters of the American Red Cross are geographically and regionally diverse and that the American Red Cross will reach out to local charitable and faith-based organizations when providing relief services in local communities. These improvements to the bill make no statutory changes and I hope my colleagues will support them.  According to the American Red Cross's end of the year report, Hurricane Katrina created a record of 1.4 million families, or around 4 million people, who needed emergency assistance such as food, clothing and other necessities. My wife, Marcelle, was one of hundreds of thousands of volunteers dedicated to providing these essential relief services to victims of Katrina. No one knows when the next disaster will strike. Congress must do everything in our power to ensure that the American Red Cross can continue and improve upon the essential humanitarian work on which the United States and the world relies. I commend the Red Cross for taking important action to reform itself and I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation.  