President, 6 years ago, just days after the terrorist attacks of September 11, Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle came together to pass comprehensive legislation entitled ``the Air Transportation Safety and System Stabilization Act,'' which provided victims of the terrorist attack the option of filing a claim with a national compensation program or seeking limited damages in one Federal district court--the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.  This Federal cause of action was designed to give victims and their families a choice in the aftermath of September 11. I supported giving the victims and their families a Federal cause of action in court to pursue civil damages, but it has come to my attention that an important procedural protection was left out of the bipartisan legislation we passed 6 years ago.  The 9-11 victims' case currently being litigated in the Southern District of New York includes parties and witnesses from across the country. However, the existing Federal Rules of Civil Procedure restricts the reach of trial subpoenas to a 100-mile radius of the place of trial. This procedural rule effectively prevents subpoenas from being served in the very cities where the flights originated and where two of them crashed on the morning of September 11.  The bipartisan solution to the problem that Congress created is the Procedural Fairness for September 11 Victims Act, S. 2106. It provides for nationwide service of subpoenas for the September 11 victims. Congress has repeatedly provided for nationwide subpoena power in other instances such as the False Claims Act, the Veterans' Benefits Act, and the Civil RICO statute.  I call on my colleagues to pass this procedural fix that will allow the victims to have a chance to have their claims fairly and thoroughly heard in court. The heart of every American aches for those who died or were injured because of the tragic attacks in New York, Virginia, and Pennsylvania on September 11. Although no amount of compensation can replace a lost loved one, the Procedural Fairness for September 11 Victims Act offers a technical fix that is crucial to assisting the September 11 victims and their families.  