President, I am pleased that the Congress will send the Openness Promotes Effectiveness in our National Government Act--the ``OPEN Government Act--S. 2488, to the President for signature before the end of this year. With House passage of this bill today, and the Senate's passage of it last Friday, this historic, bipartisan, bicameral legislation becomes the first major reform to the Freedom of Information Act, FOIA, in more than a decade. The American people will have a new law honoring the public's right to know under the tree this holiday season.  I commend House Government Reform and Oversight Committee Chairman Henry Waxman for moving quickly to enact this bill, and for his leadership of the successful effort to pass FOIA reform legislation in the House of Representatives. I thank him and his staff, including Anna Latin, Michelle Ash and Phil Schiliro, for all of their hard work on this legislation. I also commend Representative William ``Lacy'' Clay, Jr., for sponsoring this legislation in the House.  I also thank the members of my staff who worked on this bill--Lydia Griggsby, Lauren Brackett, Erica Chabot, Bruce Cohen and Leila George-Wheeler--for all of their hard work on this bill.  I also commend the bill's chief Republican cosponsor in the Senate, Senator John Cornyn, for his commitment and dedication to passing FOIA reform legislation this year.  I am also appreciative of the efforts of Senator Jon Kyl for cosponsoring this bill and helping us to reach a compromise on this legislation this year. I also thank the more than 115 business, news media and public interest organizations that have endorsed this legislation.  As the first major reform to FOIA in more than a decade, the OPEN Government Act will help to reverse the troubling trends of excessive delays and lax FOIA compliance in our government and help to restore the public's trust in their government.  This legislation will also improve transparency in the Federal Government's FOIA process by: restoring meaningful deadlines for agency action under FOIA; imposing real consequences on Federal agencies for missing FOIA's 20-day statutory deadline; clarifying that FOIA applies to government records held by outside private contractors; establishing a FOIA hotline service for all Federal agencies; and creating a FOIA Ombudsman to provide FOIA requestors and Federal agencies with a meaningful alternative to costly litigation.  The OPEN Government Act will protect the public's right to know, by ensuring that anyone who gathers information to inform the public, including freelance journalists and bloggers, may seek a fee waiver when they request information under FOIA.  The bill ensures that Federal agencies will not automatically exclude Internet blogs and other Web-based forms of media when deciding whether to waive FOIA fees. In addition, the bill also clarifies that the definition of news media, for purposes of FOIA fee waivers, includes free newspapers and individuals performing a media function who do not necessarily have a prior history of publication.  The bill also restores meaningful deadlines for agency action, by ensuring that the 20-day statutory clock under FOIA starts when a request is received by the appropriate component of the agency and requiring that agency FOIA offices get FOIA requests to the appropriate agency component within 10 days of the receipt of such requests.  The bill also clarifies that the Supreme Court's decision in Buckhannon Board and Care Home, Inc. v. West Virginia Dep't of Health and Human Resources, which eliminated the ``catalyst theory'' for attorneys' fees recovery under certain Federal civil rights laws, does not apply to FOIA cases.  Furthermore, to address concerns about the growing costs of FOIA litigation, the bill also creates an Office of Government Information Services in the National Archives and creates an ombudsman to mediate agency-level FOIA disputes.  In addition, the bill ensures that each Federal agency appoints a Chief FOIA Officer to monitor the agency's compliance with FOIA requests, and a FOIA Public Liaison who will be available to resolve FOIA related disputes. And, the bill creates a better tracking system for FOIA requests to assist members of the public and clarifies that FOIA applies to agency records that are held by outside private contractors, no matter where these records are located.  Finally, this bill contains a number of key improvements championed by Chairman Waxman. The bill includes ``pay/go'' language that will ensure that attorneys' fees that are awarded in FOIA litigation are paid for with annually appropriated agency funds.  The bill also eliminates a provision on citations to FOIA (b)(3) exemptions contained in the earlier Senate bill. In addition, the bill includes a new provision that requires Federal agencies to disclose the FOIA exemptions that they rely upon when redacting information from documents released under FOIA.  And the bill adds FOIA duplication fees for non-commercial requestors, including the media, to the fee waiver penalty that will be imposed when anagency fails to meet the 20-day statutory clock under FOIA.  The enactment of FOIA reform legislation this year is an important milestone in the effort to restore openness and transparency to our government. By sending this meaningful FOIA reform bill to the President this year, the Congress also sends a powerful message to the American people that the era of excessive government secrecy has come to an end.  While I am pleased that the reforms contained in the OPEN Government Act will ensure that FOIA is reinvigorated for future generations, my work to strengthen FOIA will not end with the enactment of this legislation.  There is much more work to be done to ensure that we have a government that is open and accountable to all Americans. And I will continue to work with Senator Cornyn, Chairman Waxman and others to further strengthen this vital open government law.  I urge the President to promptly sign this open government legislation into law at the earliest opportunity.  So again, I am pleased today that the Congress is going to send the Openness Promotes Effectiveness in our National Government Act--also known as the OPEN Government Act--and for those who follow this issue, FOIA. They are going to send it to the President before the end of this year. With passage of this bill today in the House and the Senate's passage of it last Friday, this historic, bipartisan, bicameral legislation becomes the first major reform of the Freedom of Information Act in more than a decade. The American people are going to have a new law honoring the public's right to know, and they will have it during this holiday season.  I commend the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee chairman, Henry Waxman, for moving quickly to enact this bill and for his leadership. I wish to thank him and his staff, including Anna Latin, Michelle Ash, and Phil Schiliro, for all of their hard work on the legislation.  I commend also the chief Republican cosponsors in the Senate, Senator John Cornyn and Senator Jon Kyl, for joining me in this effort.  The reason this legislation is so important is that throughout my whole career in the Senate, I have always supported the idea of the Freedom of Information Act. We all know no matter who is in the administration, whether it is a Democratic or a Republican administration, that when they do things they want us to know about, the press releases flow. When they make a mistake--and all administrations do--they would just as soon we not know about it, whether money has been wasted or whether a policy has not been followed. The Freedom of Information Act allows the American public--and after all, the Government serves them--to find out, through individual private citizens, and through the press, what is happening in their government. It has saved billions of dollars over the years because of what they found out, but more importantly, it has kept our Government honest. I wrote the Electronic Freedom of Information Act which allowed us to use the Internet and electronic files for that purpose.  But this month, the Open Government Act--the first major reform in more than a decade--is going to help reverse the troubling trends of excessive delays, the lax compliance with FOIA and will help restore public trust in our Government. It will improve transparency and restore meaningful deadlines for agency action under FOIA. It will also impose real consequences on Federal agencies who miss the 20-day statutory deadline. It will clarify that FOIA applies to Government records that are held by outside private contractors. The Open Government Act will establish a FOIA hotline service for all Federal agencies, and create a FOIA Ombudsman, which will provide a meaningful alternative to costly litigation.  Chairman Waxman wanted pay-go language to ensure that attorney's fees that are awarded in FOIA litigation are paid for with annually appropriated agency funds, and that has been included in this bill.  This is an important milestone. The Open Government Act contains reforms that ensure FOIA is reinvigorated for future generations. I don't intend to give up after this effort, of course. We will continue to work with our oversight. We will continue to pursue efforts on FOIA. But what we have said is that no matter who is the next President, they will have to run a Government that is more open than it has been in the past, and all 300 million Americans will have a better chance to know what happens in their Government.  This is a great step forward for the access of a free press, and for an honest and open Government in this country.  Mr. President, I yield such time as the Senator from Washington State may need of the time I have. I yield 10 minutes to the Senator from Washington State.  