President, I am glad that today the Senate is considering the Genocide Accountability Act, which closes a loophole in current law which has until now allowed those who commit or incite genocide to seek refuge in our country without fear of prosecution for their actions. This bill is the first legislation resulting from the work of the Judiciary Committee's new Subcommittee on Human Rights and the Law. I thank Subcommittee Chairman Durbin for introducing the bill, and I was pleased to join him, along with subcommittee Ranking Member Coburn and Senators Feingold, Cornyn, and Kennedy in cosponsoring the bill. I have long called for greater U.S. involvement in resolving the crisis in Darfur and worked for greater accountability for those who commit war crimes. This bill is an important next step in working to do all we can to combat genocide throughout the world.  Too often, we in this country, the richest and most powerful Nation on Earth, have done too little to stop human rights atrocities in Sudan and elsewhere around the world. Many more lives could have been saved if we and other nations had shown stronger leadership. During the last 5 years, America's reputation has suffered tremendously. Some of our ability to lead on human rights issues has been needlessly and carelessly squandered. Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo have tarnished that role and that tradition. The secret prisons that the President confirmed last year and this administration's role in sending people to other countries where they would be tortured have led to condemnation by our allies, to legal challenges, and to criminal charges.  I was proud to work with Senator Durbin to create the Human Rights and the Law Subcommittee, which is helping us to better fulfill our role in a challenging global environment. This subcommittee will continue to closely examine some of the important and difficult legal issues that have increasingly been a focus of the Judiciary Committee and will work to reverse and correct the damaging policies established by this administration over the last 6 years.  The Genocide Accountability Act is a perfect example of the bipartisan, consensus legislation that this subcommittee was created to produce. The bill allows for prosecution of those found in the United States who have participated in horrific acts against humanity in places such as Bosnia, Rwanda, and Darfur, and gives Federal prosecutors the tools they need to bring these people to justice. This billwould amend 18 U.S.C. 1091, the Genocide Convention Implementation Act--the Proxmire Act--to allow prosecution of non-U.S. nationals who are in the United States for genocide committed outside the country. In the past, Federal investigators have identified perpetrators of genocide, including the Rwandan and Bosnian genocides, who have come to the United States under false pretenses and have found safe haven here. Unfortunately, the Justice Department has not been able to prosecute these individuals because the Proxmire Act only criminalizes genocide committed by U.S. nationals or in the United States.  The Genocide Accountability Act would close this loophole, allowing Federal prosecutors to prosecute those who have committed or incited genocide who are in our country. This change would make the genocide statute conform with numerous existing Federal crimes that allow for similar extraterritorial jurisdiction if the offender is found in The United States, including torture, piracy, material support to terrorists, terrorism financing, and hostage taking.  I commend Senators Durbin and Coburn for holding a hearing on this important issue and for their diligent work to ensure that that this loophole in our law is closed. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation to ensure that the United States takes this significant step in combating genocide worldwide.  