President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Maryland. I know he is going to be speaking on that nomination and stating his reasons for opposition, but I wanted it known by both leaders that I will not be requesting a rollcall vote on any of these. I see the distinguished senior Senator from Mississippi is on the floor and I have advised him of that also.  The Senate continues, as we have all year, to make progress filling judicial vacancies when the White House will work with us. The nominations before us today for lifetime appointments to the Federal bench are Jennifer Walker Elrod for the Fifth Circuit, Roslynn Renee Mauskopf for the Eastern District of New York, Richard Jones for the Western District of Washington, and Sharion Aycock for the Northern District of Mississippi. They each have the support of both home State Senators. I thank Senators Murray, Cantwell, Cochran, Lott, Hutchinson, Cornyn, Schumer and Clinton for their work in connection with these nominations.  The progress we have made this year in considering and confirming judicial nominations is sometimes lost amid the partisan sniping over the most controversial nominations.  If the nominations we consider today are confirmed, the Senate will have already confirmed 33 nominations for lifetime appointments to the Federal bench this session alone. That is more judicial nominations than were confirmed in all of 2005 or 2006 with a Republican majority. It is 16 more confirmations than were achieved during the entire 1996 session, nearly doubling that session's total of 17, when Republicans stalled consideration of President Clinton's nominations.  Judge Elrod would be the Fourth Circuit court nominee confirmed so far this year. That is more than the number of President Clinton's circuit court nominations confirmed by this time in 1999 with a Republican-led Senate and four more than the Republican-led Senate confirmed in the entire 1996 session. That was the session in which not a single circuit court nominee was confirmed. That is more than were confirmed in all of 1993 and equals the total in 1983.  If the nominations are confirmed today, the Senate will have confirmed 21 circuit court nominations and 133 total Federal judicial nominees in my tenure as Judiciary chairman. During the Bush Presidency, more circuit judges, more district judges--more total judges--have been confirmed in the first 24 months that I served as Judiciary chairman than during the 2-year tenures of either of the two Republican chairmen working with Republican Senate majorities.  Today, we consider a nominee to the Fifth Circuit. During the Clinton administration several outstanding nominees to the Fifth Circuit were pocket filibustered. They included Judge Jorge Rangel of Texas, Enrique Moreno of Texas and Alston Johnson of Louisiana. They were pocket filibustered without a hearing or committee consideration. In contrast, the Judiciary Committee has proceeded with this nomination.  The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts will list 44 judicial vacancies after today's confirmations. The President has sent us only 20 nominations for these remaining vacancies. Twenty-four of these vacancies--more than half--have no nominee. Of the 16 vacancies deemed by the Administrative Office to be judicial emergencies, the President has yet to send us nominees for half of them. Of the 15 circuit courtvacancies, 6--more than a third--are without a nominee. If the President would decide to work with the Senators from Michigan, Rhode Island, Maryland, California, New Jersey, and Virginia, we could be in position to make even more progress.  We have helped cut the circuit vacancies from a high mark of 32 in the early days of this administration, to as few as 13. Contrast that with the Republican-led Senate's lack of action on President Clinton's moderate and qualified nominees that resulted in increasing circuit vacancies during the Clinton years from 17 to 26. During those years, the Republican-led Senate engaged in strenuous and successful efforts under the radar to keep circuit judgeships vacant in anticipation of a Republican President.  More than 60 percent of current circuit court judges were appointed by Republican Presidents, with the current President having appointed more than 30 percent of the active circuit judges already.  Two of the vacancies being filled today are categorized by the Administrative Office of the United States Courts as judicial emergency vacancies. With these confirmations we will have proceeded to fill 18 such vacancies this year.  Jennifer Walker Elrod is a judge on the 190th District Court for Harris County, TX, a position she has held since 2002. A native of Port Arthur, TX, and a graduate of Baylor University and Harvard Law School, Judge Elrod clerked for Judge Sim Lake on the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas and spent 8 years in private practice at Baker Botts before joining the bench.  Roslynn Renee Mauskopf has served as U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York since her 2002 appointment by President Bush. Ms. Mauskopf received her B.A. from Brandeis and her law degree from Georgetown before spending 13 years as assistant district attorney in the New York County District Attorney's Office and serving a stint as New York State's inspector general.  Richard Anthony Jones has been a judge on the King County Superior Court since 1994. Previously, Judge Jones, a graduate of Seattle University and the University of Washington School of Law, served as an assistant U.S. attorney in the Western District of Washington, staff attorney for the Port of Seattle, and deputy prosecuting attorney for King County, also spending 6 years in private practice at Bogle and Gates.  Sharion Aycock has been a state trial judge on the First Circuit Court District in Tupelo, MS, since 2003. A native of Tupelo, MS, Judge Aycock, who received her B.A. from Mississippi State University and her J.D. from Mississippi College School of Law, served for 8 years as Itawamba County prosecuting attorney, and spent time in private practice in Mississippi as a solo practitioner and at law firms.  I congratulate the nominees and their families on their confirmations today.  The Judiciary Committee has reported dozens of measures to the Senate that await action, from privacy legislation to war profiteering legislation to court legislation, all on a bipartisan basis. Yet we are stalled on several important matters.  I have spoken before of the Republican objection to our going to conference to finish work on the Court Security Improvement Act, S. 378, which the committee reported to the Senate back in March. We had to overcome a filibuster just to consider it. It ultimately passed the Senate 97 to zero. We are being prevented from going to conference to resolve differences with the House by Republican objection.  I have spoken before about the War Profiteering Prevention Act, S. 119, what has been stalled for months by unspecified Republican objections.  I have spoken before about the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Act, S. 535. It was reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee, yet a Republican Senator objected to Senate passage this week.  Similarly there is a modest bill to extend temporary judgeships in five districts, S. 1327. That simple bill is likewise being prevented from passage by a Republican objection.  Today, I want to focus on another important measure, the School Safety and Law Enforcement Improvement Act.  Two months ago, the Senate Judiciary Committee originated the School Safety and Law Enforcement Improvement Act of 2007, a legislative package that responds to the tragic deaths that occurred this past April on the campus of Virginia Tech. We tried to show deference to Governor Kaine and the task forces at work in Virginia and to complement their work and recommendations. Working with several Senators, including Senators Boxer, Reed, Specter, Feingold, Schumer, and Durbin, the Committee originated this bill and reported it before the commencement of the academic year in the hope that the full Senate could pass these critical school safety improvements this fall.  Over the past 2 weeks, Senator Schumer and I have tried separately to pass the component of the bill designed to fix flaws in the Nation's background check system. Regrettably, our efforts were blocked by a single Senator.  I do not think the Senate should continue to stand by and wait for the next horrific school tragedy to make the critical changes necessary to insure safety in our schools and on our college campuses. Risks of school violence will not go away just because Congress may shift its focus. In just the last few weeks we have seen tragedy at Delaware State and Memphis, as well as incidents in California and New York. I urge the Senate to move aggressively with the comprehensive school safety legislation.  It includes background check improvements together with other sensible yet effective safety improvement measures supported by law enforcement across the country. Accordingly, I urge the Senate to take up and swiftly pass S. 2084. If we are prohibited by objection from doing so by unanimous consent, then let us move to it and let those with objections seek to amend those provisions to which they object.  There are too many incidents at too many colleges and schools nationwide. This terrorizes students and their parents. We should be doing what we can to help. Just this past week, a troubled student wearing a Fred Flintstone mask and carrying a rifle through campus was arrested at St. John's University in Queens, NY, prompting authorities to lock down the campus for 3 hours.  The next day, an armed 17-year-old on the other side of the country in Oroville, CA, held students hostage at Las Plumas High School, which also resulted in a lock-down. The students in these situations escaped with their lives.  University of Memphis student Taylor Bradford was not so lucky. He was killed on campus this past Sunday morning in what university officials believe was a targeted attack. He was 21 years old. Shalita Middleton and Nathaniel Pew were not so lucky. They were both wounded during an incident at Delaware State and are still hospitalized from the gun shot wounds with Ms. Middleton still in serious condition. They are each only 17 years old.  The School Safety and Law Enforcement Improvement Act responds directly to incidents like these by squarely addressing the problem of violence in our schools in several ways. The bill enlists the States as partners in the dissemination of critical information by making significant improvements to the National Instant Background Check System, known as the NICS system. The bill also authorizes Federal assistance for programs to improve the safety and security of our schools and institutions of higher education, provides equitable benefits to law enforcement serving those institutions, and funds pilot programs to develop cutting-edge prevention and intervention programs for our schools. The bill also clarifies and strengthens 2 existing statutes--the Terrorist Hoax Improvements Act and the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act--which are designed to improve public safety.  Specifically, title I would improve the safety and security of students both at the elementary and secondary school level, and on college and university campuses. The K-12 improvements are drawn from a bill that Senator Boxer introduced in April, and I want to thank Senator Boxer for her hard work on this issue. The improvements include increased funding for much-needed infrastructure changes to improve security as well as the establishment of hotlines and tip-lines, whichwill enable students to report potentially dangerous situations to school administrators before they occur.  To address the new realities of campus safety, title I also creates a matching grant program for campus safety and security to be administered out of the COPS Office of the Department of Justice.  The grant program would allow institutions of higher education to apply, for the first time, directly for Federal funds to make school safety and security improvements. The program is authorized to be appropriated at $50,000,000 for the next 2 fiscal years. While this amounts to just $3 per student each year, it will enable schools to more effectively respond to dangerous situations on campus.  Title II of the bill seeks to improve the NICS system. The senseless loss of life at Virginia Tech revealed deep flaws in the transfer of information relevant to gun purchases between the States and the Federal Government. The defects in the current system permitted the perpetrator of this terrible crime to obtain a firearm even though a judge had declared him to be a danger to himself and thus ineligible under Federal law.  Seung-Hui Cho was not eligible to buy a weapon given his mental health history, but he was still able to pass a background check because data was missing from the system. We are working to close gaps in the NICS system. Title II will correct these problems, and for the first time will create a legal regime in which disqualifying mental health records, both at the State and Federal level, would regularly be reported into the NICS system.  Title III would make sworn law enforcement officers who work for private institutions of higher education and rail carriers eligible for death and disability benefits, and for funds administered under the Byrne grant program and the bulletproof vest partnership grant program.  Providing this equitable treatment is in the best interest of our Nation's educators and students and will serve to place the support of the Federal Government behind the dedicated law enforcement officers who serve and protect private colleges and universities nationwide. I commend Senator Jack Reed for his leadership in this area.  Title IV of the bill makes improvements to the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act of 2003. These amendments to existing law will streamline the system by which qualified retired and active officers can be certified under LEOSA. It serves us all when we permit qualified officers, with a demonstrated commitment to law enforcement and no adverse employment history, to protect themselves and their families wherever they may be.  Title V incorporates the PRECAUTION Act, which Senators Feingold and Specter asked to have included. This provision authorizes grants to develop prevention and intervention programs for our schools.  Finally, title VI incorporates the Terrorist Hoax Improvements Act of 2007, at the request of Senator Kennedy.  Let us go forward and act now on this important bill. The Virginia Tech Review Panel--a body commissioned by Governor Tim Kaine to study the Virginia Tech tragedy--recently issued its findings based on a 4-month long investigation of the incident and its aftermath. This bill would adopt a number of recommendations from the Review Panel aimed at improving school safety planning and reporting information to NICS.  We must not miss this opportunity to implement these initiatives nationwide, and to take concrete steps to ensure the safety of our kids.  I recognize that there is no panacea to end the sad phenomenon of school violence. The recent tragedies should prompt us to respond in realistic and meaningful ways when we are presented with such challenges. I hope the Senate can promptly move this bill forward to invest in the safety of our students and better support law enforcement officers across the country.  Mr. President, I apologize to my colleagues for my voice. We seem to have enough matter in the air to affect it. I look forward to the fact that in a couple of days I will be in Vermont where the air is much nicer, although I do love this area. I once had a longtime resident of Washington, DC, sitting on the front lawn of my farm in Middlesex, VT, looking out over miles of valleys surrounded by mountains. You don't see another person, just this magnificent view. It was a clear day.  I said to him: There, what do you think of that view?  He said: I don't like it.  I said: What do you mean? You came here from Washington, and you are seeing one of the most beautiful views anywhere in the State of Vermont, and you don't like it? What don't you like about it?  He said: I don't trust air that I cannot see.  Well, we cannot see the air there, but, boy, we can breathe it. I enjoy that.  I yield the floor.  