President, we are making significant progress today with another confirmation of a lifetime appointment to the Federal bench. I am sure Frederick J. Kapala will be confirmed for the District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. His nomination is supported by the home State Senators. I thank Senator Durbin for chairing the hearing on this nomination.  Judge Kapala serves as a state appellate judge on the Second District Appellate Court in Illinois. He has almost 20 years of experience as a state trial court judge. Before coming to the bench, he worked for the Rockford, Illinois law firm of Pedderson, Menzimer, Conde, Stoner and Killoren, and he worked as an Assistant State's Attorney in Winnebago County. Prior to his legal career, he served 10 years in the U.S. Army.  This will be the 17th judicial confirmation this year. The calendar just turned to the month of May, it is spring, and we have already confirmed as many judges as were confirmed during the entire 1996 session, when President Clinton's nominees were being reviewed by the Republican-controlled Senate majority. We have done as much in May in a Democrat-controlled Senate as the Republican-controlled Senate did in a whole year for President Clinton. That was a session when not a single circuit court nominee was confirmed. Of course, we have already confirmed two circuit court nominees in the early months of this session.  I mention this because it is somewhat frustrating to hear the gross misstatements made by some of the Republican leaders, such as Vice President Cheney, Mr. Rove, and others, who speak for the President on the pace of judicial nominees. Not only is this the 17th judicial confirmation this year, it is also the 117th judicial confirmation in the approximately 2 years I have served as Judiciary chairman over the past 6 years. That exceeds by more than a dozen the confirmations Senator Hatch presided over during the 2 years he was Judiciary chairman. It also exceeds by more than a dozen the district court nominees confirmed during the two years he was Judiciary Chairman.  With the confirmation of Judge Hardiman to the Third Circuit earlier this year, the total circuit court confirmations achieved during my chairmanships, which have not yet extended over the 24 months of Senator Hatch's chairmanship, also exceed those achieved during his. I only mention this because if you listen to what comes down to being total mistruths by the Vice President or others, you would think we blocked the President's judges.  Actually, we have done far better for President Bush--far better than when a Republican majority was here and pocket filibustered 61 of President Clinton's nominees. It is a little known, and obviously unappreciated, fact that during the more than 6 years of the Bush Presidency, more circuit judges, more district judges, and more total judges have been confirmed while I served as Judiciary Committee Chairman than during the tenures of either of the two Republican Chairman working with Republican Senate majorities did.  The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts lists 48 judicial vacancies. Yet, the President has sent only 25 nominations for these vacancies. Twenty-three of these vacancies--almost half--have no nominee. Of the 16 vacancies deemed by the Administrative Office to be judicial emergencies, the President has yet to send us nominees for six of them.  Despite the harping and the criticism, the Judiciary Committee has been working hard to make progress on those nominations the President has sent to us. Of course, when he sends nominees that he knows are unacceptable to home state Senators, it is not a formula for success.  I congratulate Judge Kapala, and his family, on his confirmation today.  