President, Senator Specter and I have joined together to offer amendment No. 755 the supplemental appropriations bill to authorize a cost-of-living adjustment, COLA, for the salaries of Justices and judges of the United States for fiscal year 2007.  I thank my friend, Senator Specter, for his leadership on this issue. I also thank the chairman of the Financial Services Appropriations Subcommittee, Senator Durbin, and the chairman of the full Appropriations Committee, Senator Byrd, for working with us on the modifications made to this amendment.  This is a step I supported taking--and that we should have taken--in the last Congress. As the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I have worked diligently to preserve the independence of our Federal judiciary and to treat its members fairly.  At the beginning of this Congress, Senator Specter and I introduced legislation, S. 197, to authorize this COLA.It passed the Senate by unanimous consent and now awaits consideration by the House. That bipartisan effort--designed to protect and strengthen the integrity and independence of our coequal branch of government--is a modest step towards addressing the issues raised by Chief Justice Roberts in his ``Year End Report on the Federal Judiciary.''  In 1975, Congress enacted the Executive Salary Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act, intended to give judges, Members of Congress and other high-ranking executive branch officials automatic COLAs as accorded other Federal employees unless specifically rejected by Congress. In 1981, Congress enacted section 140 of Public Law 97-92, mandating specific congressional action to give COLAs to judges. During the 21 years of section 140's existence, Congress has always accorded to the Federal judiciary co-equal respect by suspending section 140 whenever Congress has granted to itself and other Federal employees a COLA.  The modified bipartisan amendment offered by Senator Specter and I today authorizes a COLA for Federal judges consistent with the law and with fairness. The fiscal year 2007 joint funding resolution approved by Congress and signed into law by the President earlier this year increased the Judiciary budget by $250 million over fiscal year 2006 levels. It did not, however, suspend section 140, thus ensuring that no COLA would be provided for Federal judges during the current fiscal year unless other action is taken. Our amendment will rectify that situation.  I thank my colleagues for agreeing to this amendment to authorize the annual judicial COLA in fiscal year 2007. With it, we take another step toward preserving the judicial independence critical for upholding our system of government and protecting the rights of all Americans.  