Under Senator Kohl's leadership, the NOPEC bill has passed unanimously out of the Senate Judiciary Committee without amendment in four separate Congresses, under both Democratic and Republican leadership.  The support for this legislation is both bipartisan and bicameral. The House of Representatives recently passed NOPEC with 345 Members voting for it.  NOPEC will simply hold accountable certain oil-producing nations for their collusive behavior that has artificially reduced the supply and inflated the price of fuel. Unless this amendment becomes law, consumers across the Nation will continue to suffer.  The rise and fall of oil and gas prices has a direct impact on American consumers and our economy. Last month, gas prices in the United States reached a near record high. While prices have come down slightly in recent weeks, that is no reason to condone anticompetitive conduct by foreign government cartels. American consumers should not be held economic hostage to the whim of colluding, foreign governments.  The Associated Press recently reported the Iranian oil minister's announcement that members of OPEC would not increase the supply of oil despite reports that demand is on the rise. Without collusion, OPEC members would compete to serve that demand and prices at home would fall.  When entities engage in anticompetitive conduct that harms American consumers, it is the responsibility of the Department of Justice to investigate and prosecute. It is wrong to let members of OPEC off the hook just because their anticompetitive practices come with the seal of approval of national governments. I am disappointed that the administration does not share this view and has threatened a veto.  Americans deserve better, and it is time for Congress to act. We know the oil cartel and Big Oil companies like things just the way they are, and why shouldn't they? They continue to break new records as they roll up huge profits taken from consumers' pockets.  I hope this Senate and this Congress will take the side of American consumers, not the side of Status Quo, Incorporated. We cannot claim to be energy independent while we permit foreign governments to manipulate oil prices in an anticompetitive manner. I thank Senator Kohl for his leadership on this issue.  