President, as chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, which has jurisdiction over our Nation's intellectual property laws, I feel compelled to comment on the intellectual property chapter of the United States-Peru Trade Promotion Agreement.  In the Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002, Congress instructed the administration to negotiate agreements with other nations that, among other things, reflect a standard of protection for intellectual property ``similar to that found in United States law.'' In many respects, the intellectual property chapter of the Peru Trade Promotion Agreement meets that goal, for it will require Peru to raise its standards of protection for our intellectual property.  I am concerned, however, that some aspects of the intellectual property chapter prescribe the rules for protection so specifically that Congress will be hampered from making constructive policy changes in the future. The art of drafting the chapter is in raising intellectual property protections to a standard similar to ours, without limiting Congress's ability to make appropriate refinements to the intellectual property law in the future. The flexibility necessary for the proper balance is found in many provisions of the intellectual property chapter, for which I commend the U.S. Trade Representative. Other provisions, however, are too fixed and rigid, and may have the perverse effect of restricting the Congress's ability to make legitimate changes in United States law, while keeping our international commitments. I expect that in the future, with improved consultation between the Committee on the Judiciary and the Office of the United States Trade Representative, we can avoid these concerns.  Our trade promotion law also instructed the administration to negotiate agreements that provide strong protection for new and emerging technologies and new methods of transmitting and distributing products embodying intellectual property. This, too, is an objective I support. Under our laws, many such new technologies and consumer devices rely, at least in part, on fair use and other limitations and exceptions to the copyright laws. Our trade agreements should promote similar fair use concepts, in order not to stifle the ability of industries relying on emerging technologies to flourish.  Finally, a longstanding priority of mine has been the promotion of affordable, lifesaving medicines to address the public health problems afflicting many, primarily developing Nations--particularly those resulting from HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria and other epidemics. The United States made such a commitment in the 2001 Doha Declaration; I was pleased that the U.S. Trade Representative reaffirmed this commitment in May and that Peru's rights to promote access to medicines is preserved in this agreement.  There is much in the intellectual property chapter of this free trade agreement that I support. I look forward to the Judiciary Committee's being consulted by the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative earlier, and more frequently, in the future, so that we can continue to improve on these issues.  