President, again, this morning the Senate voted overwhelmingly to proceed to the court security bill. Ninety-four Senators voted for cloture to bring debate to a close on the motion to proceed to the bill. Yet here we are still stuck in postcloture debate or, in fact, nondebate on that procedural step of going to the bill.  I have heard rumor that one Senator, a Senator on the Judiciary Committee the panel that unanimously reported this very bill, now has 10 amendments to propose. I say to him and to all Senators, that no amendments can be offered until we get to the bill. This objection is apparently what is preventing that.  Today, we may finally make progress on security in another important setting by turning to the Court Security Improvement Act of 2007, S. 378. Frankly, this legislation should have been enacted last year but was not. It should not be a struggle to enact these measures to improve court security. We are fortunate that we have not suffered another violent assault on judges and their families.  It was 2 years ago when the mother and husband of Judge Joan Lefkow of Chicago were murdered in their home. Judge Lefkow's courageous testimony in our committee hearing in May 2005 is something none of us will forget. We witnessed the horrific violence at the courthouse in Atlanta in which a Georgia State court judge was killed. And then last year there was the violence against a State judge in Nevada. Despite our efforts and the commitment of Senator Durbin and Senator Reid, despite Senate passage of this measure twice last year, Congress has yet finally to enact these measures to improve court security.  I introduced this bipartisan measure on January 24, 2007, along with Senator Specter, the majority leader, Senator Durbin, Senator Cornyn, Senator Kennedy, Senator Hatch, Senator Schumer and Senator Collins. Senator Cardin also joined the bill as a cosponsor. House Judiciary Chairman John Conyers introduced an identical measure in the House also with bipartisan support. We hoped to send a signal with our bicameral, bipartisan introduction at the beginning of this year that we intended to move quickly to complete our work and increase legal protections for the Judiciary and their families.  The Judiciary Committee then held a remarkable hearing in February with Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy. That hearing reminded us all ofthe need to provide resources and protections crucial to our Federal and State courts. We also discussed the critical need to preserve the independence of our Federal Judiciary so that it can continue to serve as a bulwark protecting individual rights and liberty. As the Judiciary Committee discussed in our hearings, the independent Judiciary faces many types of threats. I take all of these threats seriously, from the threats to judges' physical safety to rhetorical attacks by some affiliated with the political branches upon their independence. We cannot tolerate or excuse violence against judges, their families and those who serve our justice system.  Nor should we excuse the overheated rhetoric that has become so prominent in political campaigns lately. During the last few years, even as judges have come under physical attacks, we have seen federal judges compared to the Ku Klux Klan, called ``the focus of evil,'' and in one unbelievable instance referred to as a threat ``more serious than a few bearded terrorists who fly into buildings.'' A prominent television evangelist proclaimed the Federal Judiciary ``the worst threat America has faced in 400 years--worse than Nazi Germany, Japan and the Civil War.'' We have seen some in Congress threaten the mass impeachments of judges with whom they disagree and heard comment that violence against judges could be brought on by their own rulings. That is irresponsible and dangerous.  Justice Sandra Day O'Connor has spoken out in recent years about the danger of this rhetoric and criticized the uncivil tone of attacks on the courts, noting that they pose a danger to the very independence of the Federal Judiciary. Like Justice O'Connor, Justice Kennedy urged us to find a more civil discourse about judges and their decisions. This high-pitched partisan rhetoric should stop, not just for the sake of our judges, but also for the independence of the Judiciary. Judicial fairness and independence are essential if we are to maintain our freedoms. During the last few years it has been the courts that have acted to protect our liberties and our Constitution. We ought to do all we can to protect them, physically and institutionally.  We can take a significant step today by passing the Court Security Improvement Act. This bill responds to the needs expressed by the Federal Judiciary for a greater voice in working with the U.S. Marshals Service to determine their security needs. It would enact new criminal penalties for the protections of judges, their families, and others performing official duties, expand resources available to state courts for their security, and provide additional protections for law enforcement officers.  Our Nation's Founders knew that without an independent Judiciary to protect individual rights from the political branches of Government, those rights and privileges would not be preserved. The courts are the ultimate check and balance in our system. We need to do our part to ensure that the dedicated women and men of our Judiciary have the resources, security, and independence necessary to fulfill their crucial responsibilities. We owe it to our judges to better protect them and their families from violence and to ensure that they have the peace of mind necessary to do their vital and difficult jobs. Our independent Judiciary is the envy of the world, and we must take care to protect and preserve it so that it may preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States and the rights and liberties that define us as Americans.  I thank the majority leader for recognizing the significance of this bill and seeking to move to it. The Judiciary Committee voted unanimously to report the bill after its consideration. I have taken care to report the bill favorably to the Senate with a committee report, which has been available since last month.  I was disappointed that we could not gain the consent of the other side to adopt this measure, pass it and send it to the House for its consideration last month. An anonymous Republican objection has stalled Senate action in that regard. Last week, the majority leader sought consent to proceed to the bill, but that was prevented by Republican objection. The Senate has been required to file a cloture petition in order to consider the majority leader's motion to move to this bipartisan, court security legislation.  I do not know exactly who has objected or why. It is unfortunate. I have heard rumors that someone objects to the authorization for States, local governments, and Indian tribes to create and expand witness and victim protection programs to prevent threats, intimidation, and retaliation against victims of, and witnesses to, violent crimes. That was a provision contained in the court security bill we passed last year. While other useful programs were required to be stripped from the bill, that one was retained when the Senate passed this measure last fall. I do not know why someone who agreed to that provision last year now finds authorizing a victim program objectionable. We are about to honor and recognize the importance of crime victims by commemorating National Crime Victims' Rights Week beginning this Sunday, April 22. I hope we can pass this bill with the authorization to prevent threats, intimidation and retaliation against victims of violent crime intact.  I look forward to Senate consideration and passage of this worthwhile legislation. I hope that secret holds and extraneous proposals will not be used to complicate its passage by the Senate and enactment by the Congress. We have a great deal to do. We have an ambitious agenda to assist the judicial branch. We need to extend needed temporary judgeships that are otherwise expiring and expired. We need to consider the important issue of judicial pay. We will need next year to take a comprehensive look at what additional judgeships are needed in the Federal Judiciary. I hope that those who have acted to delay us will work with us and get down to business. It is past time to enact this judicial security legislation.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  