President, today the Senate considers The Gang Abatement and Prevention Act of 2007, a bill concerned with the Nation's growing gang problem. I want to thank Senator Feinstein for her tireless work on this issue over many years and, in particular, for working diligently with me to address my concerns and to formulate what I hope we all agree is an even better gang bill.  Violent crime in America is again on the rise. This troubling news is in my view at least in part the result of the Bush administration's failure to heed the lessons learned from our successful fight against violent crime in the 1990s. Congress and the Clinton administration provided significant new funding to strengthen State and local law enforcement and supported programs to prevent gang and youth violence. Our efforts worked. Studies have repeatedly shown that, violent crime and gang offenses steadily dropped to historic lows. But the Bush administration chose a different course, and, despite warnings from me and others, has repeatedly cut funding for State and local cops on the beat and community programs targeting the prevention of youth crime.  I hope that this bill will be part of a return to productive law enforcement strategies that worked so well in the past. I share the views expressed at the hearing in June by Los Angeles Police Chief William J. Bratton that ``we can't arrest our way out of our gang crime problem.'' As those who have worked on this issue for years know all too well, we must match our commitment to law enforcement with an equal commitment to intervention and prevention as a means of curbing gang violence. Neither strategy works without the other, and I believe, as so many law enforcement and civil leaders do, that any legislative proposal to address gang violence must focus on new means to prevent youth and gang violence. I am glad that Senator Feinstein's bill now reflects these priorities.  The Gang Abatement and Prevention Act of 2007 represents a significant improvement over earlier gang legislation. It does not contain the death penalties, mandatory minimums, and expansive juvenile transfer provisions that were among my strongest objections to some past proposals. Further, Senator Feinstein has worked with me and others to ensure that this bill will provide some of the resources necessary to reverse the policies of this administration, which have neglected the officers who combat gang violence on a daily basis and the organizations that work to keep children out of gangs. I particularly appreciate provisions in the bill to provide up to $1 billion over 10 years to support collaborative law enforcement and community prevention efforts, with a significant portion of that amount going to civic groups for innovative prevention programs that truly work to reduce gang violence.  I have long said that I don't believe that sweeping new Federal crimes, which federalize the kind of street crime that States have traditionally addressed and can handle with the right resources and assistance, are the right way to go. The bill still contains more emphasis on federalizing crime and mandating sentences than I would like. But I have tried to work with Senator Feinstein to reduce its impact on the sphere of criminal law traditionally handled by the States and to focus on the most serious offenders and conduct, for which Federal attention is needed. I also appreciate Senator Feinstein and Senator Schumer working with Senator Whitehouse and me to ensure that small States such as Rhode Island and Vermont could be eligible under the bill to receive crucially important witness protection grants.  We all care deeply about eradicating gang violence, and we must work together to create a comprehensive solution to this troubling, persistent problem. I hope that this bill will be a step toward reversing the mistakes of the Bush administration and reinvigorating our efforts to provide Federal support for those who combat gang violence every day and to protect those who are its victims.  