President, I commend the distinguished Senator from West Virginia. In a few weeks, I will have served with him for 33 years. Now, in Robert C. Byrd time, 33 years is but a moment. In Patrick J. Leahy's time, it is a wee bit of time. But I remember coming here as a 34-year-old Senator--Senator Byrd was the majority whip at the time--and how much he taught me, and his colleague, the leader, Mike Mansfield, and then later when he was our leader, and, of course, sat on Appropriations. He has been my leader for all of those years. I appreciate his help.  His late wife Erma was a very special friend of my wife's and mine, and I hope he does not mind me mentioning her at this time. I always thought when she and my wife Marcelle would meet at the grocery store that perhaps Bob and I were at a lower level. It went to a higher level when it was not Senator Byrd and Senator Leahy. But it was Marcelle and Erma talking about Bob and Patrick, and what should we do to take care of those folks. Well, Robert C. Byrd has taken care of all of us these years. It has been a privilege to serve on the Appropriations Committee with him. It is especially nice, because one of the closest friends I have in the Senate, Thad Cochran, has been both chairman and ranking member of that committee, and those of us who have been here for over a third of a century, as I have, know the majority and minority goes back and forth.  The thing that does not go back and forth is the friendships we have across the aisles. The distinguished Presiding Officer knows that his father and I were very close friends and served together. His mother and my wife were close friends. Those kinds of friendships go on through the years and through the decades.  We have spoken of the Senate as being a family. Indeed it is. It is probably a family that wants to go home and go to bed, so I will not push this much longer. But I think how important it is that we do have these chances to be together. So I applaud Senator Byrd, I applaud Senator Cochran, and their staffs.  Because this is the Foreign Operations Bill we are on, I want to mention my own staff: Tim Rieser, Kate Eltrich, Nikole Manatt, who handle the Appropriations subcommittee for me, and the various other matters they are involved in here; J.P. Dowd, my legislative director; Ed Pagano, my chief of staff; Bruce Cohen, who is always listed as one of the 50 most important people here in the Senate--I get listed as an asterisk--because of what he does to make sure the Judiciary matters are kept here; Jessica Berry and so many others who keep this thing going.  I said to Senator Reid, our distinguished leader, we Senators are but mere constitutional impediments to our staffs. We know they are the ones who run it. Roscoe Jones of my staff was here, probably never heard me say that. He is trying desperately to keep a straight face, but it is a fact.  We have included within this money for DNA funding $4.8 million for the Kirk Bloodsworth post-conviction DNA testing grants, and $147 million for the Debbie Smith DNA backlog grants.  I am privileged to know both Kirk Bloodsworth and Debbie Smith.  