President, today we consider the nomination of Halil Suleyman Ozerden to be a U.S. district judge for the Southern District of Mississippi, which until recently had been considered a judicial emergency. By approving yet another lifetime appointment, we continue to proceed promptly and efficiently to confirm judicial nominees.  With this confirmation, the Senate will have confirmed 16 lifetime appointments to the Federal bench so far this year. There were only 17 confirmations during the entire 1996 session of the Senate. This means we have already confirmed almost the entire total of confirmations for the entire 1996 session, and we are still in April of this year.  The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts lists 48 judicial vacancies, yet the President has sent us only 27 nominations for these vacancies. Twenty one of these vacancies--almost half--have no nominee. Of the 16 vacancies deemed by the Administrative Office tobe judicial emergencies, the President has yet to send us nominees for 6 of them. That means more than a third of the judicial emergency vacancies are without a nominee.  I have worked cooperatively with Members from both sides of the aisle on our committee and in the Senate to move quickly to consider and confirm these judicial nominations so that we can fill vacancies and improve the administration of justice in our Nation's Federal courts. The nomination we consider today has the support of both Senator Cochran and Senator Lott.  Mr. Ozerden is just 40 years old, quite young for a lifetime appointment to the Federal bench. Mr. Ozerden has worked for the past 8 years as a commercial litigator for the Gulfport, MS, law firm of Dukes, Dukes, Keating & Faneca, P.A. Before pursuing a legal career, he served for 6 years on active duty as an aviator in the U.S. Navy.  I have urged, and will continue to urge, the President to nominate men and women to the Federal bench who reflect the diversity of America. Mr. Ozerden is the son of a Turkish immigrant. I am encouraged when we can reflect positively on the diversity of our Nation and the contributions of immigrants.  The Senate will confirm Mr. Ozerden. It will not repeat the slurs that many used against Senator Obama. Whether a person's middle name is Suleyman, Hussein, or Ali, that person should be considered on merit, not through the eyes of prejudice. Our Nation must rise above mean-spiritedness and the shortsighted politics of fear. Consistent with our heritage as a nation of immigrants, we should recognize the dignity of all Americans whose work contributes to building a better America. The diversity of our Nation is a strength for our country and remains one of our greatest natural resources.  That said, I understand the disappointment of members of the African-American and civil rights communities that this administration continues to renege on a reported commitment to appoint an African American to the Mississippi Federal bench. In 6 years, President Bush has nominated only 19 African-American judges to the Federal bench, compared to 53 African-American judges appointed by President Clinton in his first 6 years in office. With an ever-growing pool of outstanding African-American lawyers in Mississippi, it is not as if there is a dearth of qualified candidates.  