In many ways you know it is more heartfelt because the Senator from Mississippi is here and has the ability to correct it, something he would not have 40 years or so from now when he might rejoin his Maker.  I think, though, about Trent Lott. Trent is one of those Senators who has great respect on both sides of the aisle. I think it is because he is from the old school. I do not want to damage his reputation in Mississippi to have one of the more liberal members of the opposite party praise him, but I do it easily. Because, as I told Trent within an hour after he made his announcement--we were on the phone, and I told him that one of the things I liked about him is he followed that rule Mike Mansfield told me my first week here in the Senate: Senators should always keep their word. Every time Senator Lott and I have worked together, to find our way, sometimes through a very tangled parliamentary or legislative morass, we got through because I could always count on him once he made a commitment to keep his word and he would keep his commitment. I think he knows I did the same with him. As Senator Mansfield tried to instruct all of us, those of us who were here at that time, this is the mark of what a real Senator should do. Because while you may disagree on one issue, you are going to be allies the next day on a different issue. And that is what makes the Senate work best.  Marcelle and I have had the opportunity to travel with Trent and Trish, and I must admit this is a great deal of fun. I think he even has some of the photographs I have given him from some of those trips. As they have told me in Vermont, on occasions when he came up, a number of Vermonters came up to me afterward and said, ``Boy, the Senator from Mississippi is really good looking.'' I said: ``Well, yes, he is.'' ``He has got all of that hair.'' I said, ``Yes, he does.'' And they said, ``He can really sing well.'' And I said, ``I do not need to talk with you anymore.''  They would go on. Those trips--and I will close with this--one of the reasons why more of us should take such trips, bipartisan trips, is you find that you have so many things in common. Trish and Marcelle would talk about children and their hopes for them growing up. All four of us would talk about the difficulties in maintaining homes in our home State and in Washington, and doing it if you are not wealthy. We would talk about those things where we felt the Senate should come together. We talked about our backgrounds, our faith, our hopes for this country. I think somebody listening in would have been hard pressed to know which one was the Democrat and which one was the Republican.  I have served all these years with Trent Lott. I will miss him as a colleague, but I might say I will miss him especially as a friend.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Casey). The Senator from Texas.  