President, I commend Senator Murray for her efforts to end the use of asbestos in the United States. America should join the more than 40 other countries that have banned its use. This is an issue where the devastating health effects of asbestos far outweigh the economic benefits of its continued widespread use. It is surprising to me that there is any significant debate in light of what we know about the deadliness of this substance, and the tremendous suffering of so many Americans.  Nearly 10,000 people die each year from asbestos-related disease. Asbestos is among the most lethal substances ever to be widely used in the workplace. Between 1940 and 1980, more than 27.5 million workers were exposed to asbestos on the job, and nearly 19 million of them had high levels of exposure over long periods of time. We even know of family members who have suffered asbestos-related disease from washing the clothes of loved ones. The ravages of disease caused by asbestos have affected tens of thousands of American families. Given what we know about asbestos, we should not permit the immense suffering its use has caused to continue any longer.  Senator Murray's bill is a step in the right direction toward a more comprehensive solution to this problem. I am glad this bill contains provisions for increased research and education concerning asbestos. Preventing future exposure is a good thing, but we must do more to address the terrible suffering that continues in the United States and we owe it to those who have been affected to enact an effective system for their care and compensation.  Although I would have preferred to have retained the more extensive provisions contained in the comprehensive bipartisan bill then-Judiciary Committee Chairman Specter and I proposed in the 109th Congress, I believe that if enacted, this legislation will save many lives in the future. We owe it to all Americans to do everything we can to end the use of asbestos and to confront the terrible legacy this deadly substance has left behind.  