President, the supplemental contains a provision, section 1711, which was carefully worked out through discussions between my office, the offices of Senator Specter, Senator Brownback, Senator Kennedy, Senator Coleman and Senator Feingold, as well as with representatives of the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, the Department of State, and the National Security Council.  This provision contains six subsections, (a) through (f).  Subsections (a) and (d) were written by the administration.  Subsections (b) and (f) were written by the Senator from Arizona, Senator Kyl.  Subsection (c) provides an exception for cases involving duress, which is consistent with the administration's policy except that this provision would codify it into law.  Section (e) is a reporting requirement.  That is the whole provision. It represents months of discussion and compromise on an issue that has been a focus of concern of faith-based organizations and humanitarian organizations, conservative and liberal, Democratic and Republican.  Here is the background.  Current law, as a result of overbroad amendments in the PATRIOT Act and Real ID Act, has been used to bar refugees and asylum seekers who were either members of groups who fought on the side of the United States, such as the Hmong, the Montagnards, and the Northern Alliance in Afghanistan, or who were the victims of terrorist groups and forced to provide ``material support,'' such as food, shelter, or other services.  Administration officials have acknowledged that they have been inexcusably slow to deal with this problem. Thousands of refugees and hundreds of asylum seekers have been in limbo as a result. We now face the additional problem of Iraqi refugees, 7,000 of whom the President says should be admitted to the United States, being barred from admission unless we fix the law.  After considerable prodding, the administration has moved in the right direction. Two weeks ago, it took another welcome step, although we have not yet seen the results of this reported change of policy.  