President, earlier this year I introduced a bipartisan measure to address the emerging staffing needs of the Federal Judiciary, our coequal branch of government. This bill responds to discrete situations in five States regarding temporary judgeships. In May, the Judiciary Committee voted unanimously to report this bill. It is now December. That is a delay of over 6 months. This sustained delay can be attributed to a ``hold'' by a single Republican Senator.  I am glad that this hold has finally been lifted so that we can proceed. I am delighted that this bipartisan bill has finally been approved after such a needless delay. Had it been cleared for consideration earlier, the House could have acted before the Thanksgiving recess and the matter could be law. Instead, our proposal still needs to be considered by the House and presented to the President in order to take effect.  In order to address fluctuations in a court's caseload, Congress can authorize a judgeship on a temporary basis. These temporary fixes do not undermine the independence that comes with lifetime appointment to the judiciary because the judges who fill them are, in fact, appointed for life, like all Federal judges. The positions are temporary in the sense that when they expire the next vacancy in the jurisdiction is not filled, and the extra judgeship expires.  Last Congress, two of these needed temporary judgeships were allowed to expire. That was regrettable. One was in Nebraska and the other in California. That was unfortunate since they continue to have high case loads. This legislation restores the status quo in these busy districts by reauthorizing these two temporary judgeships. I know that Senators Feinstein, Boxer, Nelson and Hagel have been concerned about these caseloads, and thank them for working with me and for cosponsoring and supporting this bill to restore those judgeships.  In addition, temporary judgeships in three other districts are close to expiration. Caseloads in Ohio, Hawaii and Kansas remain at a high level, and allowing their temporary judgeships to lapse would put a serious strain on courts in those jurisdictions. This legislation would extend each of the five temporary judgeships for 10 years. This will allow Congress some flexibility with regard to future judgeship needs. Senator Brownback has expressed his concerns about this to me, as has Mr. Regula in the House. I thank Senators Inouye, Akaka, Roberts, Brownback, Voinovich and Brown for cosponsoring and supporting this bill to extend those judgeships.  Next year, I will work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to address judgeship needs in a comprehensive way. Indeed, I have asked six Senators who are members of the Judiciary Committee, three Democratic Senators and three Republican Senators, to serve as a task force and report a proposal to Senator Specter and me before the end of the year. I have asked Senator Schumer and Senator Sessions to head this task force, and look forward to their report next month.  The five districts affected by this bill, however, cannot wait until next year for action on this extension or their temporary judgeships may well expire in the interim. This legislation will act as a ``patch,'' allowing these districts to effectively operate until we are able to determine what additional judgeships are needed throughout the Federal judiciary.  The measure is supported by the Judicial Conference of the United States, and I thank my colleagues for moving this legislation.  