What I asked him about were specific provisions in ObamaCare and whether he thought he agreed with them. He made it very clear at the end he doesn't want any part of ObamaCare. What he has said is basically the provision in ObamaCare which says you cannot discriminate against a person or family offering health insurance if they have a preexisting condition, that provision in ObamaCare Senator Cruz and the tea party Republicans object to.  Is there one of us alive who doesn't have someone in their family with a preexisting condition--asthma, diabetes, cancer survivors, high blood pressure, high cholesterol? Think of all those possibilities. It could be yourchild who disqualifies your family from buying health insurance without the protection of ObamaCare. Senator Cruz and Republicans would repeal that protection.  There is also a provision in there that says you cannot limit how much a health insurance policy will pay. Why did we include that in the bill? Because tomorrow morning's diagnosis of someone you dearly love could mean they are in for surgery or cancer therapy that could cost hundreds of thousands of dollars and you may not have the coverage if your plan does not have the protection of ObamaCare. Senator Cruz and the tea party Republicans would repeal that protection.  Senator Stabenow in the State of Michigan just held a press conference. She tells me that over 60 percent of health insurance policies in America today do not offer maternity care, maternal benefits for the baby and mother--over 60 percent. The ObamaCare provision requires every policy in America to protect new moms and their babies, every policy. Senator Cruz and the tea party Republicans would repeal that provision.  Let me tell you what else it includes. In ObamaCare we say if you have a young son or daughter fresh out of college looking for a job and they can't find one or only a part-time one or one that doesn't offer benefits, you can keep your son and daughter on your family health insurance plan up to age 26. That is peace of mind for a lot of parents. My wife and I have been through that, raising our kids. Senator Cruz and the tea party Republicans would abolish and repeal that protection for family coverage.  I will also tell you that today, across America, they are announcing the marketplace insurance plans under ObamaCare. In my State it has been announced that the rates for families for health insurance are 25 percent below--below--what was expected. What it means for many families across Illinois and across America is, for the first time in their lives, there will be competition offering them health insurance for their families. For the first time ever. Repeatedly I asked Senator Cruz about a friend of mine, 62 years old, a hard-working lady in southern Illinois. She has worked her whole life. She is not lazy. She is trying everything she can. She never had health insurance 1 day in her life and she is 62. This gives her a chance for health insurance, and I have asked Senator Cruz, would you repeal that provision? He said yes.  That to me is what the debate comes down to, 50 million Americans without health insurance, others with health insurance that is not there when you need it. These are people who are looking to us to make sure that the marketplace works for them and make sure that competition works for them. That is what this is about. The sad reality is that Senator Cruz and the tea party Republicans would rather shut down the Government of the United States than to give these protections to American families. That is what it comes down to.  I don't think all Republicans on that side of the aisle agree with Senator Cruz. I think that is why repeatedly he has been appealing to his fellow Republicans to stick with him, but many of them, as Senator Reid said earlier, understand this is not a good message for America. We should not be threatening to shut down the government over an issue. We should not be threatening when it is clear that they do not have the votes on the floor to achieve that. Yet they are going to take us right to the brink. I think it is wrong. Whether they are going to default on America's debt for the first time in history or shut down our government, it is going to hurt America's economy. We need to create jobs and build a strong economy. This kind of desperation scenario is going to hurt businesses and it is going to kill jobs. That is not good for America's future.  Let's work together. There are ways to improve this bill, ObamaCare. I am willing to sit down at a table any day in the week to explore those in a constructive, positive way. But simply threatening to shut down the government unless ObamaCare comes to an end sadly does not speak well of those who support it and it certainly doesn't address the serious issues we face in this country.  I yield the floor.  