President, I think we only have 2 or 3 minutes before the 20-minute period that has been reserved equally for both sides. I wish to use those 3 minutes to respond directly to my colleague from the State of Texas.  The first thing he says is, do not tax the Internet. Good news. I just went through the entire bill. There is no tax on the Internet in the bill, none. So we have taken care of point No. 1. In fact, we wanted to add the Internet Freedom Act here, which would have said expressly: We will continue the prohibition against tax on the Internet, and it was objected to by one of the opponents of this bill.  The second thing he says is, do not put a burden on small businesses. I would say to my friend from Texas, what about the small business that does not have Internet sales?  You have just put a burden on them because they cannot compete with Internet retailers that do not collect sales taxes.  I might say also, when it comes to small business exemptions, we exempt those with sales of $1 million or less in the previous year. That exempts 99 percent of all Internet retailers. The small businesses--the Hispanic and non-Hispanic businesses--collect sales taxes in Texas on the first dollar of sales. We exempt $1 million in sales for their competitors in Internet retail.  The final thing the Senator says is, do not favor large businesses. The coalition supporting this bill includes the smallest businesses, the mom-and-pop businesses. Of course, it includes the big-box stores and the big chains. But it goes all the way down the line. They are all in competition.  What we have put in here, with this exemption, exempts 99 percent of all online retailers. When the Senator says he looks at 9,600 different taxing jurisdictions and cannot figure out how in the world we are ever going to figure this out, I refer him to page 3 of the bill. Please start reading at line 14 through 24, where you will see that we expressly provide there must be a single entity within the State responsible for all State and local sales. So you are not going to have 9,600. You are going to have, at most, 45 separate entities--the 45 States with sales taxes--as well as audits; one audit from the State, a single audit.  We do not want to put a burden on any businesses--large, small, Internet or not--but we do want to level the playing field.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  