This is her first major assignment on the floor of the Senate. It is an awesome responsibility. I note that she was not only up for this job, she was made for this job. She has the knowledge, skill, and drive we need to make sure the Appropriations Committee is playing its important historic role in the Senate.  I commend the Senator from Alabama, my friend Senator Richard Shelby too. Senator Shelby and Senator Mikulski have been close partners in developing a very complicated bill. This bill we are considering is going to fund the Federal Government for the remaining 7 months; otherwise, when we run out of money March 24, literally, the government will close. They are working and have worked hard for the last several weeks to get this bill ready.  A version of the bill passed the House. Now it is being considered on the floor of the Senate and Senators are being allowed to offer amendments, which is their right.  One of the Senators who just offered an amendment is Senator John McCain of Arizona, who is well known to virtually everyone in America as a former candidate for President and by virtue of his service to our Nation. I would say I count John McCain as a real friend. We came to the House of Representatives the same year. We have maintained that friendship here in the Senate. We have worked closely together on immigration reform and many other issues. I can't think of a finer Senator on the other side of the aisle.  I don't need to speak to John McCain's reputation when it comes to military service. We know the story: a Navy pilot shot down over Vietnam, captured and held captive, subjected to torture for more than 5 years. John's body still bears the scars of that terrible experience. Thank God he survived and continues to serve in the Senate representing the people of Arizona and the Nation in his capacity as a Senator. He has been the ranking Republican on the Armed Services Committee, so he knows those issues not only as a veteran, a man who served in the Vietnam war, but also as a Senator who has looked closely at each of the issues that affects the Department of Defense. He doesn't hold a candle to anyone, take a step back to anyone when it comes to his commitment to our military and our Nation's defense. But now it is my responsibility to come to the floor of the Senate and argue against an amendment Senator McCain is offering on the Department of Defense bill. You might think to yourself: Durbin, how did you get this assignment? The fact is, as chairman of this particular subcommittee, it is my responsibility to argue the other side of the issue that Senator McCain has brought to the floor.  I come to this assignment brandnew, just a few weeks now, since the untimely passing of our great friend and national hero, Dan Inouye of Hawaii. Because of his passing, there were vacancies created, and I ended up in this position as chairman of the Subcommittee on Defense Appropriations in the Senate. It is a job I am learning, and I confess there are many here who know it better than I do. But I will do my best because I know the awesome responsibility attached to it.  I stand today to urge my colleagues to vote against the amendment John McCain has offered to this continuing resolution as it relates to the Department of Defense. There are basically four provisions in this--three or four provisions in the McCain amendment--and I wish to address each of them.  One of the provisions allows the Department of Defense to give grants to organizations. That sounds like a very easy thing to explain, and it is. The three organizations that receive the grants from the Department of Defense are well-known to most Americans; certainly two are--the USO is one.  The USO for decades has been an organization which has tried to provide help to our veterans, usually stationed overseas, and to give them things as basic as entertainment, to counseling, or when they go through airports to make sure they have a place to stop by and get a cup of coffee and a doughnut. That is the USO. I have understated their mission, but we are all familiar with it.  The other organization is one known to every American, I am sure, the Red Cross. The third is an organization new, but important, called Fisher House. Fisher House. Let me tell you about Fisher House.  Two years ago, I was invited to the grand opening of a Fisher House facility near the Hines VA Hospital in Chicago. Fisher House is to military and veterans hospitals what Ronald McDonald houses are to children's hospitals. What we are saying here in the underlying bill is that the Department of Defense can provide grants to these organizations--Fisher House, Red Cross, and USO. The McCain amendment says no, they can't. The McCain amendment strikes the authority of the Department of Defense to give them these grants. I think that is a mistake. And for that reason alone, I hope my colleagues will vote against the McCain amendment.  The services being provided through these organizations and at these facilities are nothing short of remarkable. Fisher House, right in the city of Chicago, near Hines VA Hospital, is a beautiful home--a place where families who have a loved one who is going through surgery or rehabilitation at the Hines VA Hospital are given a chance to stay overnight. They do not have to pay for a hotel room and they are treated like royalty, as they should be. These are military families--mothers and fathers, spouses and children, who are treated like royalty at Fisher House while they are waiting for their loved one to finish the treatment or surgery they need to come back home.  Why wouldn't we do that? Why wouldn't we provide that kind of service? The Fisher House facilities are largely built by charitable contributions, donations from everybody. So to give to the Department of Defense the ability to transfer up to $4 million a year--$4 million--to the Fisher House, why, of course, we want to do that. Across America they do such extraordinary things.  In terms of the Red Cross grants, here is what the Red Cross does, and every Member of Congress knows this. A family will call a Senator and say: Senator Shelby, we live in Mobile, AL, and I wanted you to know the mother of a soldier overseas has just passed away and we have to get the word to him right away. What Senator Shelby or what Senator Durbin would do is to call the Red Cross and say: You have to help us. We have to get in touch with this service man or woman overseas somewhere. So it is an opportunity for them to use their network of volunteers and communications to reach out to that soldier, that sailor, that airman, or marine. That is what they do. They spend about $10 million in emergency communication services to keepa hotline running connecting servicemembers, veterans, and their families with the services they offer. There is $2 million for theater support of deployed troops--emergency communication services between deployed servicemembers and their families back home.  They provide lounges, the Red Cross does, in these theaters of operation, war settings, for troops to have access to computers so they can be in touch with their families back home.  One of the big surprises I ran into as I visited our troops in Afghanistan and Iraq was to find many of them Skyping away with their families while they are far away. Some of these facilities are being provided by the Red Cross.  The list goes on and on of all that the Red Cross does to support and help our troops. But the list can't tell you in specifics what Red Cross volunteers do. These men and women--and you see them everywhere under the flag of the Red Cross--show up when a tornado hits, when a flood hits, and they always show up when our troops need a helping hand.  When our troops get off the plane in Landstuhl, Germany, after being grievously wounded or injured overseas and are about to be hospitalized--maybe facing their first surgery--one of the first smiling faces they will see will be a Red Cross volunteer, there to say: What can I do for you; can I get in touch with your family; is there something you need? The stories are legendary about soldiers who land at these bases and a Red Cross volunteer walks up to them.  I recall one story in particular about one of the soldiers who volunteered at the Red Cross who said: What do you want? And the soldier said: I need a rootbeer float. Imagine, a rootbeer float. And in a matter of 15 minutes, up pops the Red Cross volunteer with a rootbeer float. It was a small thing for that soldier, but it was an important thing.  So to say we are not going to allow the Department of Defense to provide grants to the Red Cross, the USO, or to Fisher House I think is a mistake. These are great organizations with great volunteers and they do a wonderful job day in and day out to help our troops overseas. If it were my son or daughter overseas, I would like to know the Red Cross is going to be there. I would like to know the USO is going to be there. And God forbid that we would ever need some work at a military hospital; I would like to know there is a Fisher House nearby in case a family needs it because they can't otherwise afford to stay at a hotel for a number of nights.  The McCain amendment would stop the grants by the Department of Defense to these three organizations. If it were not for the fact that such a fine man, a veteran, offered this amendment, some people might say: Why would you do that to our military servicemembers? I don't think we should.  There is also a situation that has been going on for some time regarding Guam. Guam is an important place for stationing some 16,000 marines--16,000 men and women who volunteered to serve in the U.S. Marine Corps and are stationed on Guam. It is a challenge. I have been there. It is a remote location, but important for our national security, particularly in the Pacific theater. Wouldn't we want to say to the men and women who are there in uniform that they are going to have the basics taken care of? And wouldn't we want to say that one of the basics is to make sure they have safe drinking water and wastewater treatment facilities?  Here is what we found out. We found out that on the island of Guam our 16,000 marines are in a facility that has reached the absolute limit in terms of wastewater treatment. The Department of Defense came to us and said: For these troops, we have got to build a new wastewater treatment facility. Well, of course, we do. We don't want to shortchange them or jeopardize public health in any way.  The McCain amendment would eliminate this money, $106 million in funding, for a wastewater treatment plant on Guam. This is not some frill, this is a basic. Everyone wants to believe their son or daughter, volunteering for the Marine Corps and stationed somewhere overseas, is being taken care of by our government--that the government is doing everything we can to make sure they have the basics they need to stay healthy. Well, this is one of those basics--$106 million for a wastewater treatment plant in Guam.  There is also a $13 million ask here that I think makes sense when it comes to the safety of these troops. We want to make sure there is a public health lab in Guam. God forbid these men and women in uniform, or anyone who represents the United States, is facing some biological terrorist. God forbid there is some substance being used that could endanger their lives, and God forbid we would have to rely on laboratory facilities in Atlanta, GA, if you are halfway around the world. That is where the most professional facilities are. So the Department of Defense said: Let's put a $13 million investment in a basic public health lab in Guam to protect the safety of Americans and our troops.  Look at these things. Look at what I am asking for--not for museums, not for things that may be considered frivolous and unnecessary in a given context but, rather, for the basics to support our troops in the field and to provide those who are stationed on Guam some of the most fundamental and basic public health facilities.  So it pains me to come to the floor and to resist an amendment offered by my friend Senator McCain, but I do it in memory of Senator Dan Inouye, who helped write this bill, who himself was a recipient of the Congressional Medal of Honor and had a distinguished career of service in the military.  I hope my colleagues will listen carefully to this debate, and though they feel the strong positive feelings I do toward Senator McCain, they will go to the merits of the issue and defeat the McCain amendment. Make sure the ability of the Department of Defense to continue to work with Fisher House, the Red Cross, and the USO is authorized in law. Let's make sure the 16,000 marines on Guam have the most basic things they need to be safe and healthy and come home just as we want them to. That is what this is all about.  I urge my colleagues to vote against the McCain amendment.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Blumenthal). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  