President, I would like to ask the Senator from Arizona a question through the Chair.  It is my understanding the budget resolution passed by the House and the budget resolution passed by the Senate, if conferenced and agreed upon, will result in a resolution passed by both the House and Senate but never sent to the President. It is a budget resolution that governs the way we appropriate from that point forward.  So as to the question of the debt ceiling, it could not be done in a budget resolution. If there is going to be any action on the debt ceiling, it has to be in a separate legislative vehicle that ultimately goes to the President of the United States.  Even if there were an agreement on debt limit in the budget conference, it would have no impact of law. Is that not true?  Mr. McCAIN. Perhaps the Senator from Utah doesn't know about that, and the fact that even if they did raise the debt limit, it could not become law because it doesn't go to the President of the United States.  Again, maybe the Senator from Utah ought to learn a little bit more about how business has been done in the Congress of the United States. Budget resolutions are not signed by the President of the United States, so even if we did vote to increase the debt limit as a result of the conference--which, by the way, would be irrelevant to the work of the conference--it would not have any meaning whatsoever.  Mrs. McCASKILL. Would the Senator yield?  Mr. McCAIN. This business of secret backroom dealmaking, that is what conferences are about, and conference results are subject to a vote of both Houses as to the conference result.  Mrs. McCASKILL. Will the Senator yield for a question?  Mr. McCAIN. I would be glad to yield for a question.  Mrs. McCASKILL. I say to the Senator, through the Chair, I have conferred with our budget chair while Senator McCain was debating this with the Senator from Utah, and maybe they are not aware that conference committees are open to anyone who wants to observe them. I would like Senator McCain to invite the Senator from Utah to sit in on the conference committee and listen to every word.  This notion that our democracy is a backroom deal because of bills in conference--the Founding Fathers are shaking their heads in disgust at this notion. It is not a closed-door process. It is an open process. Anybody can come and listen.  Mr. McCAIN. It is my understanding since the conference is open to the public, it will also be broadcast on C-SPAN so all the American people can watch the deliberations.  I wonder, why would the Senator from Utah say it is a backroom, closed-door deal when, in fact--doesn't the Senator from Utah know this conference is open to the public and seen by everybody?  I mean, for the Senator from Utah to say this is a backroom, closed-door deal, he is either directly misleading or my colleague has no knowledge of how the budget conference works. I don't know which one it is, and I don't know which one is worse.  All I can say is we know, one, even if we had a restriction on allowing raising of the debt limit, it would not matter because it is not legislation that would be signed by the President of the United States--no matter what the budget conferees did. We also know the budget conferees--I will admit, unlike many--meet in open session with C-SPAN so the American people are able to observe it.  So I at least hope the Senator from Utah would withdraw his comment that this is a backroom, closed-door deal because it is not. Those are fundamental facts.  Again, it is disappointing that we are spending this time when we should be on the farm bill. 