This is not a new tax. The bill we have before us will not create any new tax. It creates a method for compliance or collection of an existing tax.  Secondly, it is only fair to the businesses across America--the entrepreneurs who open their stores every morning and do business. If they are required to collect a sales tax on their sales, it is only fair those who are competing with them do the same.  Also, I might add, it is naive to believe the Internet retailers are selling into States and not using the benefits of the State. When I buy a book on Amazon or wherever it happens to be, ultimately it may be delivered by UPS, for example. That UPS truck is going to use the streets of Chicago and the streets of Springfield. It will use all the basic infrastructure of the cities and the State of Illinois to deliver its product. I don't think it is unreasonable they collect taxes to support the State and the city where they are making their sales, and that is what this is about.  I also note, Mr. President, that today the White House announced the President supports this bill to give States the authority to collect sales tax from Internet retailers. The White House spokesman said: The Senate bill will level the playing field for small businesses and brick-and-mortar retailers undercut by online retailers. Governors and mayors are overwhelmingly in support of this bill. They told the White House the bill is needed. The States are losing out on revenues that can go to education, law enforcement, infrastructure investments, and health care.  We have a wide array of businesses supporting this. You can imagine. Retailers large and small are supporting it. Labor unions are supporting it as well. Business and labor have come together. They believe this is only a matter of fairness.  I want to thank my colleague, Senator Enzi of Wyoming--and then I will yield the floor for him--for his leadership, persistence, and patience on this issue. It has been a long time. Senator Enzi was in the retail business before he came to the Senate, and he was one of the earliest supporters of this measure. When Senator Dorgan retired, I asked Mike if I could join him in this effort, and he has been a terrific ally.  At this point, Mr. President, I yield the floor for my colleague and friend from Wyoming.  