President, I don't know if Senator McCain is nearby, but if he is, I want to give him a chance to come over and use the few minutes remaining before the rollcall vote.  But for those Members of the Senate who did not listen to the earlier statements by Senator McCain and myself, this amendment is very basic and very straightforward: Senator McCain would cut or eliminate the ability of the Department of Defense to give grants to three organizations: Fisher House, Red Cross, and USO.  Fisher House is the Ronald McDonald House of military and veterans hospitals. I have visited the one in Chicago. I have talked to my colleagues about other Fisher House facilities around America. They are remarkable and amazing places.  Fisher House is where a family who may not be wealthy has a chance to stay and be treated like royalty while their son, their daughter, their husband, their mother is being operated on in a military hospital. That is what Fisher House is all about. I have seen it. The volunteers who man these houses make sure people are treated in the way they should be and make us proud as Americans. The McCain amendment would eliminate the authority of the Department of Defense to give money to the Fisher House to continue their operations.  The McCain amendment would also eliminate funding grants that are given to the Red Cross and the USO. The Red Cross is an extraordinary organization,and every American knows what they are about. But in the fiscal year 2010, the Red Cross provided more than 597,000 emergency communications services for nearly 150,000 military families, and they provided nearly $6 million in financial aid to 5,000 military families, not to mention thousands of Red Cross volunteers--including servicemembers, veterans, and military spouses--offered comfort and support to our wounded troops and their families at hospitals around the world.  The USO is another great organization which has provided assistance and entertainment to our troops, many of them stationed far away from home and far away from their family.  In addition, the McCain amendment would eliminate the construction of a wastewater treatment facility in Guam. We have 16,000 marines stationed in Guam. The administration--the President has asked for this money because the wastewater treatment facility in Guam is inadequate. It is not safe. It is a public health hazard. An environmental impact statement prepared for the realignment of marines from Okinawa to Guam clearly finds that the current system is near capacity and needs upgrading.  So whether you argue that Guam is going to have a large future, a small future, the current allocation of marines in Guam deserves the most basic sanitary wastewater treatment facility. You would expect it, would you not, for your son or daughter serving in our Marine Corps? We should expect no less, and the McCain amendment would eliminate the funding necessary for this wastewater treatment facility, as well as a public health laboratory to test samples of suspected toxic substances in a timely manner to protect Americans and our troops in that theater of the world.  I don't know why Senator McCain has picked out these elements. I think they are all positive elements. I hope my colleagues will join me in defeating the McCain amendment. It is an amendment which would take needed resources away from the USO, Red Cross, and Fisher House and deny this wastewater treatment facility in Guam. I hope my colleagues will join me in opposing the McCain amendment.  At this point I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum, in the hopes that Senator McCain can return before the vote.  