It is a historic and important measure. We have interrupted it briefly to consider a nomination that is important as well. It is the nomination by President Obama of Penny Pritzker of Chicago to be the next Secretary of Commerce in the President's Cabinet.  I know Penny and I know her family and I know the reputation they enjoy in Chicago, in Illinois, and around the world. She is an extraordinary person. The Pritzker family has been successful in business for many decades and many generations. She stepped up years ago and told her father she wanted to play a role in business leadership. There weren't that many women involved in business leadership at that time, but her father said he would give her an opportunity, and he did. She became very successful with the corporation, with the family businesses, and has made a name for herself over the years.  Penny has decades of business, entrepreneurial, and, equally important for this job, civic experience. Despite her success in the private sector, Penny Pritzker and her family have given unsparingly of their own time to help many important causes. She understands business and economic development, but she also understands the reality of the challenges many families face across our country.  We know the jobs report from earlier this month showed we had 6.9 million jobs created over 39 consecutive months of private sector job growth. That is progress. We have come a long way. But let's make no mistake, families are still struggling to find work and many who are working are struggling paycheck to paycheck to survive. Penny Pritzker will bring considerable experience to the Department of Commerce to help us create new businesses and job opportunities in America.  Penny understands what it takes to build a business from scratch. She has done it five different times with startup businesses. She has created jobs that support families and communities across America.  More than creating jobs, she has helped countless people get the education they need to connect them with job opportunities.  She leads Skills for America's Future, a national program bringing together businesses, community colleges, and others, preparing workers for good-paying 21st century jobs.  In addition to education, Penny Pritzker is an ardent supporter of the arts, which supports economic development and tourism across the Nation. She is a member of the American Academy of the Arts and Sciences and a trustee of the Kennedy Center.  There is no question that our economy is headed in the right direction. The question is: Who will pursue today's efforts to continue that growth and lead us to future success? Who will continue efforts to help American businesses in the global marketplace?  Although we are on the right track, too many businesses in America are still struggling to survive. Expanding the new markets is one way to help American business and our economy. We need a Secretary of Commerce who will not only help small businesses grow and create jobs but also open opportunities for businesses to expand their products and services across the States, the country, and the globe.  Penny Pritzker called me a couple of weeks ago and urged me, if possible, to do everything I could to try to get her nomination moving before July. I talked to Senator Reid, who was fully supportive of the President's nominee. The reason she is anxious to do that is because important trade discussions are going to begin after the 1st of July with some of the leading economic powers around the world. She wanted to be at that table. It is important for America that she is.  Penny knows what it takes to make business work. She knows the tools businesses need. What is more, she knows economic development at all levels.  Colleagues from both sides of the aisle agree we need job creation. Penny Pritzker has a proven track record in promoting jobs and growth, and her leadership will help our country. Her decades of experience will serve her well. Ms. Pritzker's wide-ranging perspective will prove worthwhile to the future of our Nation as we compete in the global marketplace.  I urge my colleagues to support Ms. Penny Pritzker's nomination, and I look forward to working with her as she is hopefully going to be the next Secretary of Commerce under the Obama administration.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  