Twenty-one times Senator Murray has come to this floor simply asking to negotiate, and the Republicans, who have been arguing that we don't negotiate, turned her down 21 times--the latest by the senior Senator from Texas. The junior Senator from Texas shut down the government over the notion of defunding ObamaCare, and now the senior Senator from Texas has said he objects to going to a conference committee to resolve our differences, Republicans and Democrats, between the House and the Senate.  If we are going to restore this Senate to the orderly process, what the Senator from Washington has asked for is very basic--open the government.  This morning the Chaplain of the Senate started by acknowledging the five families who were notified, after they had lost a military member--a son, a husband, a brother in Afghanistan over the weekend--he noted that in their bereavement they were being denied the basic benefits this government gives to these grieving families after they have lost someone in uniform. The Chaplain of the Senate said it this morning: Enough is enough.  This notion that closing down our government and keeping it closed is somehow acceptable political conduct is outrageous. We just left a press conference where Maryland Senators Mikulski and Cardin, and Senator Kaine and Senator Warner of Virginia, spoke about the impact to their local economies and the loss of these jobs with this government shutdown. I can tell stories of Illinois, with 50,000 Federal workers who have either been furloughed or their checks are being withheld for the most part. This is unnecessary, and it is unacceptable.  We were in the midst of a terrible accident last week, right before October 1. A train ran into one of our Metro trains coming back from the airport, and 30 people were sent to the hospital. The National Transportation Safety Board went out to investigate the accident to find out what led to this terrible thing. They had to leave at midnight on October 1, after having collected what evidence they could, because the government was shut down. The investigation was suspended. That is one small example. There are the five families who are grieving. And it goes on and on.  What we hear from the Republicans is we will take care of each of these as it arises. We will pick out the vital functions of government. So far, all of the bills passed by the House of Representatives combined represent only 18 percent of the domestic discretionary budget of the United States.  So each day, as another tragedy occurs, as another embarrassment to this Republican strategy emerges, they will try to find a way to fix that story, to fix that problem. It is time for us to fix our sights on a solution that is befitting the great Nation of America: Open the government and pay our bills while we negotiate.  That is the only responsible way to approach it. I am sorry that for the 21st time the Republicans have come to the floor and denied the request by the Senate Budget Committee chair, Senator Murray of Washington, to sit down and negotiate. Twenty-one times Republicans have refused to allow us to enter into a bipartisan negotiation. That is why we face the problems we do today.  I yield the floor.  