President, I was here on the floor when Senator Mo Cowan gave his farewell remarks. He came to the Senate as an appointee to fill the spot John Kerry left vacant when he left to the Secretary of State's position. I can't think of a person who came to the Senate who has been so warmly received so quickly.  Senator Harry Reid made the comment that it is rare for a new Member--just 6 months of seniority--to get a standing ovation at his caucus lunch. Mo Cowan got two yesterday, which I think is a tribute to the fact that we enjoyed his service and value his friendship, and will remember him for his fine representation of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.  Mo Udall, a wise and witty longtime member of this Senate, famously said that once politics gets in your blood, the only cure is embalming fluid.  There is a lot of evidence to support that idea. But another Mo--Senator Mo Cowan--is an exception to the rule.  When he was appointed 5 months ago to fill the seat vacated by Secretary of State John Kerry, Senator Cowan said he was happy to serve his State--but only a new Senator could be elected to finish Secretary Kerry's term in this Senate.  Well, yesterday Massachusetts voters went to the polls to choose that new Senator. I look forward to Senator Ed Markey joining this body very soon.  For now, I want to take a moment to thank Mo Cowan for his service to his State, this Senate and our Nation.  Senator Cowan has served with wisdom, courage and civility. He has madefriends and allies on both sides of the aisle--no easy feat.  I have to confess, I was probably pre-disposed to like Senator Cowan because of his sartorial style. The last Senator to wear a bow-tie so regularly was my dear friend and political mentor, Paul Simon.  More admirable than Senator Cowan's sense of style, however, is his sense of fairness and decency and courage.  He has co-sponsored important bills including the Paycheck Fairness Act, the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act, the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, and the Safe Chemical Act.  In the wake of the terrible murders of 20 little children and their teachers in Newtown, CT, Senator Cowan voted for sensible regulations to help keep weapons of war out of the hands of criminals and those with serious mental illness.  He voted for a budget resolution that would enable us to continue reducing the Federal deficit while still, meeting our obligations today and investing in a secure future.  I am particularly grateful to Senator Cowan for co-sponsoring a bill Senator Enzi and I have worked on for several years and which this Senate passed. The Marketplace Fairness Act will give States--if they wish to use it--a way to collect sales and use taxes in Internet purchases--taxes that are already owed but rarely collected. Massachusetts lost $268 million last year because of the inability to collect these taxes.  He flew on Air Force One with President Obama and travelled to the Middle East with a bipartisan group of Senators to investigate the Syrian civil war.  Senator Cowan has also been a diligent defender of the people of Massachusetts. He and Senator Warren have worked especially hard to protect their State's struggling fishing industry.  His service here was short, but his record is impressive. It is especially impressive considering the fact that before he was sworn in as a Senator, Mo Cowan had never held a single elective position in his life.  William Maurice ``Mo'' Cowan was born in a small rural town in North Carolina that he sometimes likens to the old TV town of Mayberry. His father died when Mo was 16 years old. His widowed mother raised Mo and his sisters on the money she earned as a seamstress, the equivalent of about minimum wage.  Mo Cowan graduated from Duke University--the first person in his family to graduate from a 4-year college. He earned a law degree from Northeastern School of Law in Boston.  He earned a reputation as a very good lawyer and a mentor to other young lawyers in the Boston area, especially young lawyers of color.  Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick convinced Senator Cowan to join his administration as his chief counsel and later promoted him to chief of staff.  When Governor Patrick approached Senator Cowan about serving as Massachusetts' junior Senator until yesterday's special election could be held, Senator Cowan tried to persuade the Governor to choose someone else. Thank goodness he lost that debate.  Mo Cowan is a young man--especially by Senate standards--just 44 years old. He was born on April 4, 1969. He came into this world 1 year to the day after Dr. Martin Luther King died.  With his appointment to the Senate, Senator Cowan became the eighth African American ever to serve in this body. He and Senator Scott made history--the first time that two African Americans had ever served in this Senate at the same time.  I think Dr. King would be pleased that we have made progress, but he would also remind us that we still have a long way to in achieving a Senate that better reflects the American people, and he would be right.  I might add that the Supreme Court's ruling yesterday striking down parts of the Voting Rights Act means we may have to work even harder to make that possible. And I am committed to doing so.  On the day that Senator Cowan was sworn in to this body, he said: Days like today are what my mother spoke of when I was a kid, [and she said] that if you worked hard and did the right things and you treated peoples well, anything could happen.  Years from now, other mothers will teach that lesson to their sons and daughters--and they will able to point to Senator Cowan as proof.  In closing I want to thank Senator Cowan's wife Stacy and their young sons Miles and Grant for sharing so much of their husband and father with this Senate.  To my colleague Senator Cowan: It has been a privilege to work with you.  Mr. President, I ask how much time is remaining?  