President, last week we lost a Chicago original. Father Andrew Greeley was a Catholic priest in Chicago and a man of great accomplishment.  He was a best-selling author, college professor, newspaper columnist, and a sociologist at the University of Chicago. Most importantly, according to Father Greeley, he was ``just a priest.''  Andrew Moran Greeley was born in Oak Park, a suburb west of Chicago. By the time he was in second grade at St. Angela Elementary School, he knew he wanted to be a Catholic priest.  After being ordained, he served as an assistant pastor at Christ the King Parish in Chicago and studied sociology at the University of Chicago. He was released from archdiocesan duties to pursue his academic interests in 1965, but he remained a priest in good standing the rest of his life.  Although he never led a parish, Father Andrew Greeley regularly filled in at Saint Mary of the Woods Church in Edgebrook. He would lead mass, preach, hear confessions, and officiate at weddings and baptisms.  But what brought Andrew Greeley international recognition was his work as a writer, an author. He built an international assemblage of fans over a career spanning five decades.  Of the 60 novels Father Greeley wrote, some were considered scandalous with their portraits of hypocritical and sinful clerics. But he also wrote more than 70 works of nonfiction, often on the sociology of religion. His clear writing style, consistent themes, and celebrity stature made him a leading spokesman for generations of Catholics.  Father Greeley enjoyed being a sociologist and a commentator on current affairs. For much of his career, he divided his time between Chicago and Tucson, AZ, where he taught at the University of Arizona.  He also achieved prominence as a journalist, writing a weekly column for the Chicago Sun-Times and contributing regularly to American and international publications.  His weekly columns touched on all sorts of issues. From critiquing the Catholic Church to the war in Iraq, Father Greeley was unapologetic in his ``tell it like it is'' Chicago style.  In July of 1986, Father Greeley wrote the first of many columns in the Chicago Sun-Times about allegations of sexual abuse by Roman Catholic priests. His thoroughly honest and powerful reporting alerted the Nation to this scandal way ahead of many others. It forced the Church to acknowledge that it had a problem and a problem it had to solve.  His opposition to the war in Iraq and a war on terror was so deep-seated that he compiled his writings and published them in a book. It was meekly titled: ``A Stupid, Unjust, and Criminal War: Iraq 2001-2007.'' He gave me an autographed copy of that book.  Needless to say, Father Greeley rarely thought twice about holding back from saying what he thought.  He was criticized by his early critics for ``never having had an unpublished thought.'' But his ability to convey his opinion was also what made him successful in connecting with readers all over the world. He had a popular approach to writing that interested people on issues they normally would not connect with.  He attended Quigley Prep in Chicago, received his Licentiate in Sacred 