As soon as he arrives, I will yield to him. I would like to respond to Senator McCain's remarks. Senator McCain's father, grandfather, and son--I am sure there are other family members as well--have made an extraordinary contribution to this country, and I know he has a great deal of pride in that. I am proud to count him as a friend and fellow colleague in the Senate. We have debated at least to a draw on several occasions, and I respect him very much even when we disagree. We started in Congress with Senator Reid and Senator McCain and I together in the House in 1982. I hope his statement is taken for face value. We respect very much all of those who have stood and fought for America, and though we may have many differences politically on the floor on issues, we will never question those who have risked and given their lives in defense of this great Nation.  At the risk of taking more time than I should, at the conclusion of this debate, we will have an important vote on the floor of the Senate. It is a vote on cloture on the motion to proceed. Basically, what it says is this: Shall we proceed to consider the bill that was sent to us by the House of Representatives?  The bill sent to us by the House is not one I agree with. I hope we can change it. But I certainly believe it would be a serious mistake for us not to give the 60 votes necessary to proceed to debate on this bill. That would literally bring us to a point where the government faces a shutdown. I don't want that to occur. Whatever one may have as a position on the Affordable Care Act or any other provision, I hope we have a resounding, positive, bipartisan vote to proceed to the debate.  Thirty hours after that, we will vote on the motion to proceed and then we will talk about bringing this bill to a close. Senator Reid has made it clear that he wants to move this through as quickly as possible in an orderly fashion so everyone has a chance to state their positions on the important issues that are before us.  What I feel about it is very basic. First, we have a responsibility to fund this government. One of my assignments is chairman of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. It is an awesome assignment. Almost 60 percent of all of the domestic discretionary spending of the U.S. Government goes through this one subcommittee. It funds our Department of Defense and our intelligence agencies. Any failure or any reduction or delay we have in bringing this matter forward can jeopardize their important activities securing the safety of our Nation.  I see my colleague Senator Schumer has returned.  I yield the floor.  