President, Senator Alexander is my friend. Sometimes that word is thrown around the floor of the Senate not very sincerely, but I mean it and he knows it. And I respect him very much. But I would say to the Senator, there is no other way to describe what we are going through than a filibuster.  A filibuster is, of course, an effort by at least one Member of the Senate to continue the debate and stop the vote on a matter, whether it is an amendment or a nomination. A cloture motion--in other words, to close off the debate--is an effort to produce 60 votes to overcome that Senator and to move to a vote, a final vote, on an amendment or a nomination. So by every Senate standard, by every definition, what we are facing with Senator Chuck Hagel as a nominee for the Secretary of Defense is a filibuster. It is. And that is why the majority leader filed a motion for cloture.  It is interesting to note that 59 Senators--a substantial majority of the Senate--were prepared to vote for Chuck Hagel to be Secretary of Defense, including four from the Republican side of the aisle. But we fell short of the needed 60 votes, the 60 votes under cloture, needed to end a filibuster. So I have to say to my friend from Tennessee, by every definition in the Senate, by every standard, your side has successfully filibustered the nomination of Chuck Hagel in the U.S. Senate.  It has happened before on Cabinet nominees--twice, I am told, in our history, and once while I was here involving Dirk Kempthorne, whose nomination was controversial and another cloture vote was called. I asked myself, how did I vote? After a while, you sometimes forget. And I was told, well, it turned out the cloture vote for Dirk Kempthorne was 85 to 7. So clearly, he had 60 votes, and I voted for the cloture vote in this circumstance. He was then affirmed by a voice vote thereafter. So it has happened before, but it happens rarely--twice in our history--when we have a Cabinet nominee who is filibustered.  I will concede to the Senator there are many times we have questions that need to be answered before we can make a sound or final decision, but what is peculiar about this vote is that the questions are being asked about a fellow colleague, someone the Republicans served with for years. This is not a name that was just dropped out of the blue. I would assume my Republican colleagues knew Chuck Hagel. You served with him, you were on committees with him, you sat hour after hour, day after day, and maybe month after month in meetings together. Sohe is a known quantity more so on the Republican side of the aisle than on our side. I served with him on the Intelligence Committee, and I thought he was a person of sound judgment. There were times when I thought he showed real courage. I never doubted for a minute his commitment to some of the basic issues.  The Senator from Texas, who is also a friend, said: Well, we are not sure where he stands on issues such as Iran. I think he has said unequivocally over the last several weeks his position is the same as the President's, that we need to stop Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. The same has been said relative to our relationship with Israel. If people still have questions about that today, they are ignoring his answers or they do not believe him. And in that case, they can vote yes or no. I don't know how many more times he needs to say that to satisfy his critics. Perhaps, for some of them, he will never satisfy them.  But it is troubling to me, and I would agree with Senator Reid--and Leon Panetta is a close personal friend. We go back to our House days. I recall he had a unanimous vote when he was nominated for Secretary of Defense--an indication of the respect we have for him. But his days are coming to a close and he said so. What the President has said is, I need to move up somebody into this critical position for the national security of the United States, and Chuck Hagel is the person I propose.  We have had ample time. I would be surprised if there are any--perhaps many--Senators who didn't have a chance to personally sit down with Senator Hagel. He came to my office, and I know he made himself available to virtually every Senator before this process started. So Chuck Hagel has done what he was asked to do, answer the questions and appear before the committee. And for a person who is a former colleague, it is hard to understand or explain why there are so many people on the Republican side of the aisle puzzled by this fellow from Nebraska, someone whom they served with for so many years.  Let me also say I want to join with the majority leader in saying, God forbid anything happens in the next 10 days. I hope it doesn't, for our sake and for the sake of the Senate and the people of this country. We do need a Secretary of Defense. I would like to think if the tables were turned the other side would not be pillorying us for leaving the Secretary of Defense office vacant in these dangerous times. I am afraid many on your side would be asking, why didn't you get this done when you could have? This was a Democratic Senator; why do you need to keep asking questions over and over?  But we have reached this point and there is nothing we can do about it. Senators have left and we are going to be off next week for the Presidents holiday. I just hope, as soon as we return, as quickly as we return, we can defeat this filibuster on Chuck Hagel--this rare filibuster in Senate history--and we give him his chance to continue to serve this Nation as ably as he did in the U.S. Senate and as a soldier in combat in Vietnam.  I yield the floor.  