At that point, she turned to her mom and said: What should I put there?  Her mom said: I don't know. When we brought you here, you were on a visitor's visa, but we never filed any more papers.  Tereza said: What are we going to do?  Her mom said: Let's call Senator Durbin.  They called my office, and we checked the law. The law was not very kind to a young person in that circumstance. It said she had to leave America immediately and stay away for 10 years and apply to come back.  She was 17 years old. It didn't make any sense. She didn't do anything wrong. She was brought here as a baby.  I introduced the DREAM Act. The DREAM Act said young people who came to the United States under the same circumstance as Tereza and were brought here before the age of 16, finished high school, had no serious criminal issues, and could finish at least 2 years of college or enlist in the military would have a chance for citizenship. I have been trying to pass that ever since.  These DREAMers, which they now call themselves, have started stepping forward and telling their stories. They are in some peril when they do this, but they want America to know who they are. Some of them have amazing stories to tell.  I will tell two stories very quickly. This is Alejandro Morales. He was brought to the United States from Mexico at the age of 7 months and raised in Chicago. His dream was to become a U.S. marine. He enrolled in the Marine Math and Science Academy in Chicago and excelled in school in the Young Marines Program. He eventually rose to become the City Corps staff commander, the highest ranking cadet of 11,000 junior ROTC students in Chicago.  In a letter he wrote to me he said:       I want to serve and fight to protect my country. I am an      American; I know nothing but the United States.  Last week, in a sad, tragic, mean-spirited vote, the House of Representatives passed an amendment to deport DREAMers such as Alejandro. It is a shameless display of lack of understanding of this fine young man and thousands more just like him who want to be a part of America's future. Losing him will not make us any stronger.  Let me introduce another DREAMer. This is Issac Carbajal and his mother Victoria. Issac was brought to the United States from Mexico when he was 5 years old. They settled in the suburb of Portland, OR, and he went to high school there. A military recruiter told Issac he could have a promising career in the Armed Forces.  He sought the advice of a family friend, Dr. John Braddock. John and his wife Kim came to think of Issac as another son. Issac met the Braddock family shortly after arriving in this country.  In a letter to me John wrote that Issac ``loved this country, his country.'' They both believed the recruiter who told Issac he could enlist in the military and apply for citizenship in 2 years.  In January 2011 when Issac went to San Diego to enlist in the military, he was immediately arrested, turned over to ICE, and deported to Tijuana the next day. He was dropped off alone in a country he had not seen in almost 15 years with no identification and nothing but $18 in his pocket.  Now he is barred from returning to the United States for 10 years. He originally went to enlist in the military. Although it has been almost 2\1/2\ years since he has been deported, he still wants to come back and serve in the Armed Forces of the United States.  There are so many stories just like this of these DREAMers who want to make this a better Nation. The strongest DREAM Act provisions that have ever been crafted are included in this bill and agreed to on a bipartisan basis.  Let's pass this bill. Let's end this debate after a fulsome exchange of ideas and amendments. Let's end this debate with a strong bipartisan vote that says both Republicans and Democrats understand that this Nation of immigrants must renew its commitment to every generation to our heritage. We need to renew our commitment to those people in our families who had the courage to get up and come to this great Nation, face great sacrifice, and succeed and build what we call home: the United States of America.  Now it is our turn. Let's not only prove we can do the right thing for them and the heritage of this Nation, let's prove that every once in a while this great institution of the Senate can actually get some important work done.  I yield the floor.  