President, yesterday the Senate took an important step forward when it comes to keeping guns out of the hands of criminals. Senator Pat Leahy, chairman of the Judiciary Committee, introduced bipartisan legislation to finally crack down on the straw purchasing and illegal trafficking of firearms. I was happy to join in introducing this bill. It is a bipartisan group of Senators, including Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, Senator Susan Collins, and my colleague from Illinois, Senator Mark Kirk. Chairman Leahy's legislation combined a straw purchasing bill he and I introduced earlier this year together with a gun trafficking bill on which Senators Gillibrand and Kirk had been working. We sat down with Senator Collins and crafted a new bill, the Stop Illegal Trafficking of Firearms Act. It is important legislation, and the need for it is very clear.  I have met a number of times in recent months with law enforcement leaders in Chicago and across my State. I asked them what Congress can do to help better protect our communities and our children, and one thing I kept hearing over and over again was that we needed to crack down on straw purchases. Time after time, law enforcement agencies say, criminals and gang members commit crimes with guns they purchased through others.  A typical straw purchase happens when someone who legally can purchase a weapon and pass a background check buys a gun on behalf of someone who cannot pass that same background check. When a straw purchaser buys from a licensed gun dealer, the purchaser falsely claims on the Federal sale form that he is the actual buyer of the gun. Under current law, it is illegal to lie and buy a gun this way, but the only charge a Federal prosecutor can bring is for knowingly making a false statement on a Federal form--an offense which dramatically understates the gravity of the situation.  We have had several hearings in the Senate Judiciary Committee, including one I chaired on February 12, where U.S. attorneys have testified that these paperwork prosecutions are wholly inadequate as a deterrent for straw purchasing. Some of the critics even on my Senate Judiciary Subcommittee panel said: Why don't you prosecute more? 