President, I want to take a moment to remember a friend of mine who passed away last night. Andy Athens was a civic institution in Chicago. He was a brilliant business leader. He was also ``the Dean'' of the Greek American community--a founder and former president and the cofounder of the National Coordinated Effort of Hellenes.  We are so grateful that when Andy's father left Greece in 1904 he came to Chicago. With his brother Tom, Andy built a business that provided steel to the world and good jobs and dignity for generations of Chicago's American families. But Andy's contributions went far beyond Chicago. Growing up, Andy attended school at St. Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Church in Chicago, where he learned the importance of Greek culture and the Greek Orthodox Church.  When World War II came, Andy served as a captain in the U.S. Army in Europe and Africa and was awarded the Bronze Star. But he brought more than a Bronze Star home from that experience. He stayed on in Belgium after the war ended to run a liberated Ford Motor Company plant that was rebuilding American-made cars and trucks for sale to European governments. Landing that job was the second best thing that happened to him in Belgium. By far, his greatest source of luck was when he met his beautiful wife Louise.  Before Andy retired from the steel business, he used to have to carry two briefcases to keep all his activities straight. In one briefcase were the things he needed for his business. The other briefcase held his blueprints and details for all the extraordinary works of philanthropy and diplomacy by the American Council of Hellenics.  During the tragic invasion of Cyprus by Turkey in 1974, Andy founded the United Hellenic American Congress in Chicago to organize the Greek-American community and press for peace and justice in Cyprus. He served as president or chairman or both over the years, and every Greek-American organization wanted Andy to be part of it.  In 1995, leaders of organizations representing the 7 million Hellenes living outside of Greece met in Greece to create an organization uniting all Greeks around the world. The result was the World Council of Hellenes. Who did the new council choose as its first president? The Dean, Andy Athens.  If it is discovered there are Hellenes living on other planets, I am sure Andy would have organized them and would have been elected first president of their group as well.  Andy Athens was a global ambassador for the shared values on which Hellenism in America is based: freedom, democracy, human rights, human dignity, and service to others. He and the organizations he helped to establish brought hope, opportunity and justice, and the priceless gift of health to millions around the world.  Last year, I traveled to Eastern Europe and met with leaders in several nations who not so long ago were part of the Soviet Union. As so often happens when I visit other lands, I found myself following in Andy's footsteps. I traveled to the Nation of Georgia, where Helennicare, the medical philanthropy Andy founded, supports a number of health care centers.  I visited the Ukraine, home to Hellenicare's visiting nurses' program. I went to Armenia, where thousands of people each month receive care at a health clinic established by Hellenicare. This was a man whose good works are known throughout the world. As our friend Senator Mikulski says, ``Andy Athens was a one-man foreign aid program.''  Other than faith and family, no cause was dearer to Andy than the cause of freedom and justice for Cyprus. Andy Athens did more than any other American to end the division and occupation of Cyprus and to keep the cause of justice for Cyprus on our Nation's agenda. For his efforts, he received countless honors, including the Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Cyprus and the Hellenic Republic's highest honor, the Gold Cross of the Order of the Phoenix.  Andy was 91 years old when he passed away. Loretta and I want to offer our condolences to Andy's wife Louise, their children and grandchildren, and to Andy's legions of friends. Andy Athens was a hero not only of this Nation but of Greece, Cyprus, and so many other nations. I am proud to say he was my friend, and I will miss him.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  