President, I rise to speak in support of the nomination of Sri Srinivasan to serve on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals.  There is no question that Mr. Srinivasan has the qualifications and experience to be an outstanding Federal judge. He earned undergraduate, business and law degrees from Stanford. He clerked for Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor. He worked at the prestigious law firm O'Melveny & Myers where he chaired the firm's appellate practice group. He has worked for nearly a decade in the United States' Solicitor General's office, where he currently serves as the Principal Deputy Solicitor General. He has argued 20 cases before the United States Supreme Court and worked on many more briefs before that court.  Mr. Srinivasan has also been praised for his independence and his integrity. He has worked for the Solicitor General's office under both Democratic and Republican administrations. His nomination has been strongly endorsed by former Democratic Solicitors General such as Walter Dellinger, Seth Waxman and Neal Katyal, and by former Republican Solicitors General such as Paul Clement, Ted Olson and Ken Starr.  Mr. Srinivasan was reported out of the Judiciary Committee in a unanimous vote. Democrats and Republicans from across the ideological spectrum came together to support his nomination.  I would also note that Mr. Srinivasan's nomination is a historic one. Upon confirmation he will be the first Indian-American to serve on a Federal circuit court. I am glad that the Senate is soon going to vote on Mr. Srinivasan's nomination. This vote is coming not a moment too soon.  The D.C. Circuit urgently needs the Senate to confirm judges to serve on that court. Right now, there are only 7 active status judges on the D.C. Circuit. There are supposed to be 11.  This vacancy situation is untenable. Retired D.C. Circuit Judge Patricia Wald, who served as the chief judge of the Circuit for 5 years, recently wrote in the Washington Post that ``There is cause for extreme concern that Congress is systematically denying the court the human resources it needs to carry out its weighty mandates.''  In 2010 the President nominated another well-qualified attorney, former New York solicitor general Caitlin Halligan, to serve on the D.C. Circuit, but she was filibustered twice by Senate Republicans.  There were no legitimate questions about Ms. Halligan's qualifications, her judgment, her temperament, or her ideology. She was filibustered simply because some lobbying interests--mainly the gun lobby--did not agree with positions she argued on behalf of her client. She eventually withdrew her nomination.  It is truly unfortunate that Ms. Halligan's nomination was filibustered to death. She deserved better. She would have served with distinction on the Federal bench.  The Senate urgently needs to address the vacancy situation on the D.C. Circuit. We can start by confirming Mr. Srinivasan. We should then work to confirm other qualified nominees to fill vacancies in the D.C. Circuit and across the Federal judiciary.  I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of Mr. Srinivasan's nomination.  I yield the floor.  