President, I made a point of not raising this issue when Senator Cowan was in the chair the other day, but I wanted to come to the floor and say a few words about the Chicago Blackhawks.  For the fifth time since 1926 and the second time in four seasons, the Chicago Blackhawks are the Stanley Cup champions. On Monday night, the Blackhawks scored 2 goals in 17 seconds in the third period to win the Stanley Cup finals and to bring Lord Stanley's Cup back home to the city of Chicago.  I want to congratulate team owner Rocky Wirtz, team president John McDonough, general manager Stan Bowman, and head coach Joel Quenneville. I will tell you that Joel Quenneville, a great hockey player in his own right, has been an extraordinary coach and one who has taken a great group of players and brought them to the pinnacle of success when it comes to the National Hockey League.  It was a shortened season, but the Blackhawks made the most of it. They didn't lose a game in regulation in the first 24 games. By the end of the season they had won the President's Trophy, which is awarded to the team with the most points in the NHL.  That doesn't always mean you are successful. Before this season, only seven winners of the President's Trophy won the Stanley Cup. But the Hawks were up to it.  First, they faced the Minnesota Wild--and I heard a lot from Senators Klobuchar and Franken about that contest. We prevailed. Then they went on to face the Detroit Red Wings. They had to win three games in a row and score a goal in an overtime thriller to beat the Red Wings, then faced last year's Stanley Cup champs, the Los Angeles Kings, and they finally earned the right to play the Boston Bruins in the finals. It was a hard-fought contest by two excellent, great teams, and they kept us up late at night. Down 2 to 1, with just over 1 minute to play, the Blackhawks scored two goals to win their second Stanley Cup in the last four seasons.  This year's championship was truly a team effort. The Blackhawks won with contributions up and down the lineup.  MVP Patrick Kane topped the Hawks with 19 points.  Bryan Bickell had 17 points, while Patrick Sharp led all Hawks with 10 goals.  Corey Crawford was tremendous in the net, and the Hawks penalty killers--led by Michael Frolik and Marcus Kruger--were great, only allowing seven goals in 23 games while scoring a pair of shorthanded goals.  The Hawks would also tell you that they couldn't have done it without the support of their fans.  The ``Madhouse on Madison'' was rocking from the very first note of the Star-Spangled Banner and proved to be a difficult environment for opponents with Chicago taking 11 of their 13 home games in the playoffs.  The Blackhawks gave fans several memorable moments throughout their Stanley Cup run, including Brent Seabrook's overtime goal in Game 7 to eliminate the Red Wings, Kane's double-overtime goal to complete a hat trick and eliminate the Kings, Andrew Shaw's triple-overtime goal to win Game 1 of the series against Boston, and now the late-game heroics of Bickell and Dave Bolland to clinch the championship for Chicago.  The Stanley Cup has come home to Chicago and Hawks fans can't wait to celebrate with Captain Jonathan Toews, his teammates, and the 35-pound silver guest of honor.  At 4 a.m. Tuesday morning, hundreds of Hawks fans greeted the team plane at O'Hare, ready to celebrate another NHL championship.  I will tell you that I have witnessed, representing the city of Chicago, some extraordinary fan loyalty. What I have seen from the Chicago Blackhawks over the last 8 weeks has been amazing. You can't walk down Michigan Avenue, State Street, or any neighborhood without running into Blackhawks gear. People are so proud of their team, and now as they parade the Stanley Cup around Chicago it is the front page of every newspaper.  A few years ago when they were the Stanley Cup champions last, the Stanley Cup itself came to the Senate here and I was honored to have it in my office with a parade of visitors coming by to see this magnificent trophy.  Let me say to the Chicago Blackhawks, we are proud of you, proud of the great fans who stood behind you, and looking forward to celebrating this Friday with a great victory parade.  