Mr. Fortenberry, thank you for your extraordinary leadership. This has been a very tough fight. You have been walking point, and doing it with great class and with great precision. I think your opening comments for this Special Order which you have sponsored just summed up the issue so eloquently. I want to thank you for your leadership. It is making a difference. And while we may not have success on the short-term, I do believe on the intermediate and long-term we will prevail over time, and I thank you for your leadership, Mr. Fortenberry.  Mr. Speaker, President Obama today is using the coercive power of the state to force tens of millions of people offaith and people of conscience to violate a fundamental conviction or suffer a severe penalty. What Mr. Obama has done is unconscionable, unprecedented, and violates religious freedom. By coercing all insurance plans, including those offered by faith-based institutions, to pay for drugs and devices that are contrary to their deeply held beliefs, including subsidizing abortion drugs like Ella and Plan B, President Obama demonstrates a reckless disregard for conscience rights.  Everyone must comply, regardless of moral convictions or religious tenets, simply because his administration says so. Mr. Obama's means of coercing compliance--absolutely ruinous fines of $100 per day per employee that total up to over $36,000 per year per employee. Just people listening at home, our Members who may be listening to today's important Special Order, $36,500 per employee per year.  When faith-based organizations refuse to comply, Obama's mandate will impose incalculable harm on millions of children educated in faith-based schools, as well as the poor, the sick, the disabled, and frail elderly who are served with such compassion and dignity by faith-based entities.  Even Notre Dame, which heaped praise and honors and an honorary degree on President Obama in 2009, will be crushed by this cruel mandate. Astonishingly, it was President Obama in his 2009 speech at Notre Dame University, who said:       Let's honor the conscience of those who disagree with      abortion and draft a sensible conscience clause.  Mr. Speaker, another promise broken; more empty, misleading rhetoric from the President who has excelled at that.  Mr. Speaker, the fact of the matter is approximately 4,600 employees are covered under Notre Dame's self-insured health plan, which means that Notre Dame will face fines of over $100 million a year when they refuse to comply with the Obama mandate.  If Mr. Obama's attack on conscience rights isn't reversed, faith-based employers will be discriminated against and fined, and employees who today benefit from health insurance plans provided by their faith-based employer will be dumped into government health exchanges. And even when they do that, the fines to faith-based organizations are also without precedent. If a faith-based entity scraps its own insurance coverage because of the Obama mandate, they are then fined $2,000 per employee.  Mr. Speaker, Mr. Obama's attack on conscience rights fits a dangerous emerging pattern. The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops had a Federal grant to assist human trafficking victims under a law that I wrote, known as the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, and did an absolutely superb job, according to all professional reviews, assisting trafficking victims in this country. In 2011, however, the USCCB, or the Conference of Catholic Bishops, was blatantly discriminated against and thrown out of the program simply because they would not refer for abortions. That was it. Throw it out of the program.  The Health Care Conscience Rights Act reasserts and restores conscience rights, Mr. Speaker, by making absolutely clear that no one can be compelled to subsidize certain so-called services in private insurance plans contrary to their religious beliefs or moral convictions.  Again, I want to thank Mr. Fortenberry. He had introduced the legislation in the last Congress and was the first individual in this House to come out of the blocks to recognize just how damaging the Barack Obama anticonscience initiative really is. We need to move on this. We need to protect those men and women of conscience, those of religious belief who will not bow and will not go in the direction that this administration is demanding.  