I thank my good friend for yielding, and I thank the gentlelady from Texas for her very strong and passionate remarks.  I especially again want to thank Congresswoman Meng for her excellent statement and her support and cosponsorship of this important bill.  Let me just say a couple of points to my colleagues. First of all, I will be submitting for the Record a very fine analysis by the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, an outstanding public interest law firm that has done yeoman's work throughout the country on religious liberty.  It's a statement to us as Members of Congress by its leaders. It points out first not only does the Establishment Clause provide no support for FEMA's practice of discriminating against houses of worship, that practice itself runs afoul of the First Amendment by discriminating against religious institutions.  Second, the bill you have proposed will not lead to Establishment Clause violations because no act of Congress can purport to repeal the First Amendment. Arguments to the contrary are constitutional scaremongering.  Eric Rassbach and Daniel Blomberg have authored again a very important contribution to this debate.  Madam Speaker--and Ms. Meng mentioned this earlier and it bears repeating--in letters of support for H.R. 592, Harvard Professor Alan Dershowitz concludes:       Religious institutions may receive government aid if it is      in the context of a broadly available program with criteria      that are neutral toward religion and pose no risk of      religious favoritism.  He states further:       Once FEMA has a policy in place to aid various nonprofit      organizations with their building repairs, houses of worship      should not be excluded from receiving this aid on the same      terms.  This is all the more appropriate given the neutral role that we have witnessed houses of worship play without regard to religion to those afflicted in the wake of Sandy and countless previous disasters.  Federal disaster relief aid in the form of social insurance and other means of helping battered communities get them back on their feet. Churches, synagogues, mosques, and other houses of worship are an essential part of the recovery process.  Madam Speaker, religious liberty scholar Professor Douglas Laycock of the University of Virginia School of Law wrote a letter endorsing H.R. 592 and said in part:       Charitable contributions to places of worship are tax      deductible without significant controversy, though the tax      benefits to the donor are like a matching grant from the      government. These deductions have been uncontroversial      because they're included without discrimination in a much      broader category of all not-for-profit organizations devoted      to charitable, educational, religious, or scientific      purposes. The neutral category here is equally broad; to      include places of worship in disaster relief is neutral. To      exclude them would be affirmatively hostile. There is no      constitutional obstacle to including them.  That is according to Professor Laycock of the University of Virginia School of Law, a preeminent expert on these matters.  Madam Speaker, houses of worship are an integral, irreplaceable part of the contour and fabric of our communities. Like any other private nonprofit organization, their recovery is essential to the recovery of neighborhoods, towns, and States. They should not be excluded from Federal programs that ensure community recovery, especially since they so selflessly provide assistance to all in need.  In conclusion, Madam Speaker, this legislation has been backed by a number of important organizations, including the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America, the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, the National Association of Evangelicals.  