And men, too, have lost track of the number of women we have met that found that peace. We had four women today at the 40 Years of Victims who told their story of the terrible crisis of the abortion but also the reconciliation and peace that they found later.  You make a very good point, Mr. Fortenberry, about the young generation. I have never seen more pro-lifers at the March for Life than we are seeing now. And I went to the first one back in 1974 with my wife, Marie, and then made every one thereafter. When I speak in schools, I used to get a great deal of pushback in answer to a question on the right to life. There are still people who push back, but many students say, It's life. Ultrasound has helped enormously. It's a window to the womb. We all remember Dr. Bernard Nathanson, the founder of NARAL, who became a pro-lifer. He said, ``If wombs had windows, abortion would end.'' The ultrasound is a window to the womb. And you can see that magnificent unborn child moving, shaking around, sucking his or her thumb, doing somersaults inside the womb. Blobs of tissue and protoplasm don't do this.  I think this young generation also has another perspective as well. One of my favorite musicals is ``Les Miserables.'' My wife and I have seen it twice--once in New York, once here in Washington. And now the movie. There's a very haunting song in ``Les Miserables,'' a song by Marius, one of the chief people in that musical, Victor Hugo's ``Les Miserables,'' and it's called, ``Empty Chairs and Empty Tables.'' And he says, ``There's a grief that can't be spoken, there's a pain,'' and it goes on and on, ``Empty chairs and empty tables where my friends will live no more.''  We have empty chairs and empty tables. A third of this generation has been killed by abortion. You look to your left, you look to your right in a classroom or at a diner, there are missing children and now young adults even up to the age of 40, since 40 years ago Roe v. Wade was handed down. Empty chairs, empty tables. And I would add to that, empty cribs.  