 Chairman, I am proud to offer this bipartisan amendment with the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo) to increase nutrition programs for senior citizens by $10 million.  Last year, the gentleman from New Jersey and I offered a similar amendment which passed on the floor of this House, but which did not survive the conference committee. This year, we are going to do our best to see that it does survive the conference.  Mr. Chairman, the truth of the matter is that as a wealthy Nation we do not treat our senior citizens with the kind of respect that we should. Half of the seniors in this country have incomes of under $15,000 a year. Four million live in poverty, and 16 million in near poverty.  Most shamefully in this country today, which recently has seen a proliferation of millionaires and billionaires, tens and tens of thousands of senior citizens are malnourished and do not get the kind of nutritious diet they require. Sixteen percent of the people who receive food from emergency food banks are elderly people 65 years of age or older.  Studies conducted at the University of Florida found that over 66 percent of beneficiaries of senior nutrition programs are at moderate to high risk of malnutrition.  Mr. Chairman, that is not what should be going on in the United States of America. We must do better. And the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo) and I are trying to do that.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment funds senior commodity programs which provide grants, either food or cash, to States so that local organizations can prepare meals delivered to elderly persons in congregate settings or delivered to their homes through such programs as the Meals on Wheels program.  Senior nutrition programs are a cost-effective, intelligent program which provide nutritious meals to some of the most vulnerable citizens in our country, senior citizens who are too weak and too frail to prepare their own meals.  This program also provides funding to congregate meal sites where seniors not only get nutrition, but where they are able to get a chance to get out of their homes, to mingle with other senior citizens and to improve their quality of life. In Vermont and throughout this country, these are wonderful programs which work very, very well.  Mr. Chairman, this is an enormously cost-effective program. For every $1 spent on senior nutrition programs, $3 were saved from Medicare and Medicaid. It is obviously that if we keep seniors healthy, they need to go to the doctor less, they need to go to the hospital less, they need less for prescription drugs.  Mr. Chairman, the problem that we are facing is that 41 percent of the Meals on Wheels programs have a waiting list. That is part of the problem that the gentleman from New Jersey and I are addressing. This is an excellent program, but there are long waiting lists all over this country.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment increases funding in this program from $141 million to $151 million. This simply brings us back to where we were in fiscal year 1996. This money is offset by a $10 million cut already brought about in the Bass-DeFazio amendment on animal damage control that was passed yesterday.  The bottom line is that the needs of senior citizens are great. We have hungry seniors. That should not be the case in this country. This is a cost-effective program, and I urge support for this program.  Mr. LoBIONDO. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) for his work on this issue last year and again this year.  I want to associate myself with the remarks that the gentleman from Vermont made about some of the aspects of this program that are so very important for my colleagues, for all of us to understand.  These are programs that make a difference. These are programs that are making a difference to people whose lives in many cases are very, very dark and shadowy. They are senior citizens who are shut-ins, who do not have the ability to get out on their own. In many cases this is the only social contact they have for a whole day. This is the only time they receive a hot meal and someone to check on them.  Mr. Chairman, I know that in my district I have taken the time to go out to see how some of these programs work firsthand, to actually be with volunteers who are delivering the meals. That is another aspect. In many cases there are volunteers who are giving of their own time to make a difference by participating in the program.  So when we combine all of these factors together, that it is cost-effective, that for every dollar we spend we are saving three, to combine this with the fact that for a senior citizen who may have a problem there is a volunteer who is going to be, on a daily basis, giving a physical check, how do we measure these benefits? They are far beyond the $10 million that we are asking for.  I am very appreciative that the gentleman from New Mexico (Chairman Skeen) has agreed to consider this amendment, and I thank my colleague from Vermont.  