 Speaker, I am pleased to rise today to support the Identity Theft and Assumption Deterrence Act and I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation. In order to clearly demonstrate the need for this bill, let me lay out a frightening scenario that could happen to any of us.  Imagine getting a bill from a credit card company for thousands of dollars that you didn't charge. Then, the next day, getting several more bills from other credit card companies, and getting overdue phone bills for an address you never lived at, and getting an invoice for a car you never bought. This sounds like something out of the Twilight Zone, but this nightmare is real. Someone, perhaps someone living in a country on the other side of the globe, has stolen your name, your financial history, your identity, and used it to run up huge debts--debts creditors want you to pay.  Once your identity has been ``stolen,'' you must now spend many hours on the phone with credit card companies trying to clear up these misunderstandings. You may spend many months or even years with the three major credit bureaus trying to clear up your credit record, and you may find yourself having trouble getting a loan or a mortgage.  If someone with a prior criminal record assumes an individual's identity and is using that person's name, the victim can be denied jobs without knowing why. And, if the victim's credit is in disarray due to identity theft, an innocent consumer can be turned down for a car loan or mortgage.  You may spend the rest of your life worrying if this nightmare will happen again. But the worst part is that even if you or the law enforcement community knows who has committed this act against you, there is currently no law to punish the offender or to provide you with any compensation for all you've been through.  Current federal law only prohibits the misuse of false identification documents. But with the growth of information that can be found on the Internet, identity thieves don't need an actual document. They can go on-line and find or purchase your Social Security number, unlisted address and phone number, and date of birth, which are often the key pieces of information to unlocking the door to your personal financial history.  According to law enforcement authorities, identity theft is one of the nation's fastest growing crimes, and it's a crime federal authorities need help to combat. A recent GAO study reports that at one of the nation's 3 largest credit bureaus, victim inquiries rose from 35,000 in 1992 to 522,000 in 1997. That's a 15-fold increase. The Social Security Administration reported that complaints about stolen Social Security numbers, one of the most commonly stolen identifiers, doubled from 1996 to 1997. The U.S. Secret Service, which has jurisdiction over financial crimes, estimates that actual losses due to identity theft were $745 million last year.  We need to discourage this intrusion of privacy by making it a federal crime to take over someone's identity. In order to protect Americans from this financially and emotionally devastating crime, Reps. Shadegg, DeLauro, Clement, and I introduced H.R. 4151, the Identity Theft and Assumption Deterrence Act. This needed legislation will make it a federal crime to assume someone else's identity. It also establishes a clearinghouse at the Federal Trade Commission for identity theft victims to get assistance in clearing their credit records. The bill allows victims of identity theft to receive restitution from the criminals who steal their identity. Previously, they were not entitled to restitution because identity theft was not a crime.  American consumers deserve to have their privacy protected. Identity theft can affect anyone at any time. We need to pass the Identity Theft and Assumption Deterrence Act to not only throw these identity thieves in jail, but also to give victims help with cleaning up their own credit records.  