 Chairman, this amendment aims to stop the Exchange Stabilization Fund from making loans to foreign countries without the approval of Congress.  This amendment has wide tripartisan support, and is being cosponsored by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Bachus), the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Stearns), the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Burton), the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller), the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher), the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kucinich), the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Paul), the gentleman from California (Mr. Stark), and the gentleman from New York (Mr. Owens).  Mr. Chairman, the Exchange Stabilization Fund was created in 1934 to allow the government to buy and sell currency in order to stabilize the dollar. Unfortunately, it has become, in recent years, a slush fund for anything the Secretary of the Treasury considers necessary. This is wrong. It must be changed. That is what this tripartisan amendment is all about.  Mr. Chairman, in 1995 the House passed a very similar amendment to what I am offering today by a very strong vote of 245 to 183. It passed that amendment then for the same reason that I hope and believe the amendment today will pass. That is that Members of Congress do not believe that the President of the United States, any President, no matter what his or her politics might be, should unilaterally be able to commit billions of taxpayer dollars without congressional approval. That is the major issue that we are discussing today.  As a result of compromise within the conference committee in 1995, a diluted version of this original amendment was eventually passed into law prohibiting more than $1 billion for any future bailouts for longer than 6 months without congressional approval. That was the law up until a few months ago. Unfortunately, this provision expired after 2 years, which is why we are here today.  I should add that days after this legislation expired, President Clinton committed at least $3 billion to Indonesia and $5 billion to South Korea through the Exchange Stabilization Fund as part of the East Asian financial bailouts. These billions of dollars of taxpayers' money were, once again, placed at risk without any debate or any vote in the United States Congress.  My amendment will simply restore some limited and modest restraints on the ESF similar to restraints that have won congressional approval in the past, and have worked out well in practice.  Mr. Chairman, let me explain exactly what this amendment does, because there has been some confusion about this. This amendment will limit the use of the Exchange Stabilization Fund for loans and credits in excess of $250 million to foreign governments, banks, or investors unless authorized and approved by Congress. Our amendment will not, underlined, not, stop the Treasury Department from using the ESF for its original purpose, which is stabilizing U.S. currency.  For example, the recent $2 billion yen purchase would not be blocked by our amendment. This amendment will not affect over 90 percent of ESF loans, credit, and currency purchases.  What this amendment does address are the relatively rare but highly controversial multibillion dollar loans which put billions of dollars of taxpayer money at risk without one minute of debate on the floor of the Congress. Not until 1995 was this fund ever used for loans in excess of $1 billion to any one country, or for longer than 6 months.  Mr. Chairman, if the President of the United States wants to come before the Congress and propose a bailout of a foreign country, that is fine. Let him come. If the Congress wants to approve that appropriation, that is fine. But what this amendment says, very straightforwardly, is that the President of the United States may not unilaterally place at risk billions of taxpayer dollars without the approval of the Congress.  That is the right way to deal with these issues, and in fact, that is the constitutional way to address these issues, consistent with article 1 of the U.S. Constitution, which invests Congress with the power of the purse. The Exchange Stabilization Fund is a classic example of how powers granted to the executive for one purpose are perverted to other uses.  