 Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  The main point that I want to make really has less to do with this amendment than my concern about the bill in general. As Members of Congress, all of us want to do all kinds of things. One can make an argument that the military today needs $270 billion. But I think, given the growing gap between the rich and the poor in America, given the fact that millions of senior citizens in this country are unable to afford their prescription drugs, given the fact that there is an enormous crisis in child care in this country, given the fact that there has been a growth in recent years of people using emergency food shelters, people sleeping out on the streets, I think the time is now to get our priorities right.  I believe that this country needs a strong military, but I think that there are other needs out there that are not being adequately addressed as we put $270-some-odd billion into the military, more than is needed by the intelligence agencies. And we should also recognize that not only are we putting substantial sums of money into our military, we are also part of NATO, which is a major military alliance as well.  The bottom line for me is to say that now that the Cold War is over, is it appropriate to continue spending so much money on the military when there are so many other needs in this country? Is it appropriate to continue to build weapons systems that we do not need when this country continues to have by far the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world? Is it appropriate that we are spending money on the military with the end of the Cold War when our educational system is lacking in so many respects, when the weakest and most vulnerable people in this country are hurting and not getting the governmental support that they need?  So I want to just thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Skelton) for yielding me this brief time to suggest that I will be voting against the entire bill. Because I think it does not, now that the Cold War is over, indicate a rationale and sensible set of priorities for this country.  