 Chairman, the purpose of my amendment is to earmark $2 million of the funds appropriated to the National Archives and Records Administration for fiscal year 1999 for the National Personnel Records Center. The funds will enable the records center to modernize its records management system, allowing it to respond to 90 percent of all veterans' records inquiries received from the Veterans Administration within 10 days or less.  This amendment has the endorsement of all of the major national veterans organizations in the United States who recognize the severity of this problem. And the groups that are supporting the Sanders amendment include the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion, the Disabled American Veterans, the Vietnam Veterans of America, AMVETS, the Reserve Officer's Association of the United States, and the National Officer's Association.  Mr. Chairman, through my work with veterans in the State of Vermont, Ihave learned that there are frequently very long delays in simply obtaining a veteran's personnel records, which are essential for the Department of Veterans Affairs to offer effective medical assistance or provide benefits. In Vermont, a request for medical records or any detailed request generally takes 4 to 6 months to complete.  And this is not just a Vermont problem, it is a national problem. A veteran comes in and wants his medical records, in order to get health treatment, and he waits 2, 3, 4, 6 months. A veteran comes in to get his medical records, in order to get the benefits that he or she is entitled to, and waits 2, 4, 6 months. This is not the way that we should be treating America's veterans.  Mr. Chairman, America has a commitment to provide our veterans with adequate health care. Reliable access to veterans' personnel records is essential to meeting this commitment. During the wait of 4 to 6 months, in some cases up to a year, little or nothing can be done to assist the veteran, as the personnel records, which are the very basis for any medical or administrative decision, cannot be assessed. A similar situation exists for benefits, as it is impossible for the veteran to make his or her request without this information.  My staff has made calls to many of my colleagues' offices and we have tried to find out if this problem is existing all over this country, and we find that it is. Let me very briefly read from some of the comments made by the service organizations.  The Retired Officer's Association states, and I quote, ``Our association frequently assists uniformed services retirees and survivors with disability and other entitlement issues requiring documentation available only at the records center. Sadly, needed compensation is often delayed for months because of the center's antiquated and overwhelmed records management systems. Particularly for survivors and older veterans, unfamiliar with specific personnel documents issued many years ago, this is far too often an extremely frustrating exercise that reflects very poorly on the government.''  That is from the Retired Officer's Association. Let me read to my colleagues from the Reserve Officer's Association of the United States.  ``We here at the ROA are keenly aware of the difficulties veterans frequently encounter when attempting to obtain copies of documents and their official military records in order to establish their entitlement to veterans benefits. Anything that can be done to expedite the processing time involving these requests will be deeply appreciated by the veterans and their families. The sheer magnitude of the NPRC's operations in St. Louis must be seen to be comprehended.''  Let me read from the Military Order of the Purple Heart. ``The majority of veterans seeking assistance from the VA has to endure long waiting times for the VA to locate their records, then they have to tolerate further delays if they require additional documentation from the NPRC. In many instances, time is a critical factor, particularly for our older veterans.''  Let me read from the National Officer's Association. ``We are fully supportive of this effort and, in consideration of the aggravation and additional cost incurred by the Department of Veterans Affairs in addressing problems arising because of the delayed actions in support of veterans' claims, are of the opinion that the modest outlay of $6 million'', and, actually, we are only asking for $2 million now for the first year, ``would be very helpful.''  Veterans of Foreign Wars: Sympathetic to the Sanders amendment. The American Legion: Sympathetic. The Disabled American Veterans: Sympathetic. In other words, the veterans organizations know that it is an outrage that when a veteran asks for help and medical records he or she is delayed 4 to 6 months. I ask for support of this important amendment.  