 Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Hinchey amendment, but I must say that in many ways, this is an embarrassing and unfortunate debate. We should all be a little bit ashamed of ourselves. Veterans are not Vermonters, they are not Floridians, they are not New Yorkers, they are not Californians, they are Americans.  The fact of the matter is that over recent years, this Congress has cut and cut veterans' programs. I do not have to remind the Members here that only a few months ago we took $10 billion from veterans' programs in order to increase funding for the highway program. I think the highway program is important, and a good idea. I supported it. But they did not need another $10 billion on top of $200 billion. Yet, we lost by 5 votes the effort to retrieve that $10 billion.  Last year in the so-called balanced budget agreement we gave huge tax breaks to some of the wealthiest people in this country, and then we cut back, not only on Medicare, but on veterans' programs again. So I happen to agree with those people who say that when men and women put their lives on the line and sign the contract with the United States government, we have a moral obligation to fulfill that contract, and we have not done that. That is the most important issue.  The Northeast should not be fighting with the South. Every veteran in this country deserves quality health care, but that is what has happened, because we have cut back when we should not have cut back. This is a wealthy Nation. This is a Nation that has given huge tax breaks to those people who do not need it, and then we say, gee, we do not have enough money for veterans' programs.  In respect to the Hinchey amendment, I strongly support it, having said that. I think that the formulation in VERA is not fair to various regions of this country, and that we should support the Hinchey amendment and make what exists a little bit better. But the bottom line is we should support all of our veterans. We should increase funding for veterans' programs, and we have the resources to do that, if we get our priorities straight.  