 Chairman, this tripartisan amendment is also supported by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Lewis), the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Cannon), and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Stupak), and does two important things that I believe most Members of this body agree with.  First, it deals with a very serious problem of underfunded mandates, of forcing citizens in close to 1,800 counties in 49 States to pay more in local property taxes than they should be paying because the Federal Government has fallen very far behind in its payment in lieu of taxes on federally owned land.  In my own State of Vermont, over 50 towns in our southern counties are affected, including Bennington, Rutland, Addison, Windham, and Windsor Counties. This amendment addresses the overall problem of underfunded payments in lieu of taxes by increasing funding for this program by $20 million, from $120 to $140 million.  Mr. Chairman, in real dollars, PILT payments to counties and towns all across this Nation have been decreasing for a very long time. In real dollars since 1980, appropriations for payment in lieu of taxes have decreased by nearly $60 million, a one-third decline. And while this amendment will not rectify by any means the entire problem, it will at least allow communities around this country to know that we understand their problem and that we are making some real attempts to address it by appropriating an additional $20 million.  Mr. Chairman, I should add that the authorization level for PILT today is approximately $257 million, over twice the appropriation level. In other words, the authorizers understand the problems facing the communities, but unfortunately in recent years the appropriation process has not followed suit.  Mr. Chairman, the PILT program was established to address the fact that the Federal Government does not pay taxes on the land that it owns. These Federal lands can include National Forests, National Parks, Fish and Wildlife Refuges, and land owned by the Bureau of Land Management.  Like local property taxes, PILT payments are used to pay for school budgets, law enforcement, search and rescue, fire fighting, parks and recreation, and other municipal expenses.  Mr. Chairman, this is the important point that I think has to be made. There has been a lot of talk in this body in recent years about fiscal responsibility and about devolution, respect for counties, towns, and cities; saying we are the Federal Government, we have all the power, but you have got to respect the other agencies of government throughout America.  If we are serious about these concepts, then it is time for Congress to pay its bills. That is what this issue is about. The U.S. Government owns property and we should begin making the payments in lieu of taxes that we are supposed to.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment would begin to address the unfunded mandate by increasing the payments in lieu of taxes program to approximately where it was 10 years ago. That is all we are trying to do.  Mr. Chairman, the $50 million that we are using for these purposes, the purposes include $20 million for payment in lieu of taxes, $30 million for deficit reduction. Over a $5 trillion national debt; this amendment begins to address that issue. The funds would be transferred and offset from the Fossil Energy Research and Development Program.  In this regard, let me quote from the report of the fiscal year 1997 budget resolution, the Republican resolution. And this is what that resolution says, and I quote:  The Department of Energy has spent billions of dollars on research and development since the oil crisis in 1973 triggered this activity. Returns on this investment have not been cost-effective, particularly for applied research and development which industry has ample incentive to undertake. Some of this activity is simply corporate welfare for the oil, gas, and utility industries. Much of it duplicates what industry is already doing. Some has gone to fund technology in which the market has no interest. End of quote.  That is the Republican budget resolution, not Bernie Sanders.  I should mention, Mr. Chairman, that over the years we have put $15 billion into fossil energy programs. That is a lot of money.  Let me conclude by saying this. This amendment is endorsed by the National Association of Counties, by the Taxpayers for Common Sense, by Friends of the Earth, by Rural Public Lands Council, by the Sierra Club, by USPERG and Public Citizens.  This amendment is good environmental policy and it is good public policy in the sense that it tells communities all over America that we are going to pay our bills.  