 Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this amendment, which cuts the remaining $5 million from the nuclear energy research initiative to zero, and that is precisely where this appropriation should be. I want to congratulate the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Foley), the gentleman from California (Mr. Miller), the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kucinich) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey) for their strong efforts in this area.  Mr. Chairman, now is not the time to continue our investment in nuclear energy. It is time to put increased Federal resources into renewable sources of energy, including solar and wind research and other sustainable and potentially inexpensive sources of energy.  This Nation has poured $47 billion into the nuclear industry since 1950 and, frankly, that is enough. Renewable sources of energy did not even receive support until 1974, and since then these clean energy sources have been funded at far lower levels than nuclear energy.  Mr. Chairman, the fact is that nuclear energy produces radioactive waste that must go somewhere, and that waste will pollute the environment for thousands of years. I have heard some reference to the fact that nuclear energy is clean energy. If those Members think it is so clean, they may want to stand up and volunteer to be the recipients of the nuclear waste that is being produced all over this country. But I am not so sure they are prepared to accept that ``clean waste.'' After all of the discussion, after all of the billions of dollars, the fact is, we simply today still do not know how to get rid of nuclear waste.  Mr. Chairman, this is a good amendment. It is supported and endorsed by the Friends of the Earth, the League of Conservation Voters, Public Citizen, Safe Energy Communication Council, the Sierra Club, the U.S. Public Interest Research Group, and the Natural Resources Defense Counsel. Let us save the taxpayers money. Let us not pour another $5 million into corporate welfare. Let us support this amendment.  Mr. McDADE. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. Crapo).  (