 Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I want to congratulate the Chairman, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Shuster); and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), the Ranking Member; and others for the very fine work they have done on this important bill.  Mr. Chairman, the truth of the matter is that the infrastructure of the United States of America is rotting. It is falling apart right under us. And our roads, our bridges, our mass transportation, which is our rail system, our rural bus system, our bicycle paths, are in major need of repair; and it is high time that we paid attention to those needs.  In the State of Vermont, we have a major infrastructure problem which has been made worse in recent years by flooding, flooding which is occurring today in the State of Vermont, further damaging our infrastructure. All over Vermont bridges are in serious need of repair, and this bill begins to address that problem.  Sixteen million from this legislation is going to the Missisquoi Bay Bridge in Franklin County, Vermont. This bridge in the northern part of our State serves as a vital transportation link for New York, Canadian, and other New England traffic and would have been virtually impossible to rebuild without help from the Federal Government.  What we now have is a deteriorating two-lane bridge, which, in light of its high level of truck traffic, poses a significant hazard to the traveling public and is a serious deterrent to interstate and international commerce.  The State of Vermont's Agency of Transportation regarded this project as the State's highest transportation priority, and this $16 million will be a significant step forward in helping to rebuild that bridge.  Mr. Chairman, we hear about budget busting. In my view, tax breaks for the wealthy are budget busting, corporate welfare is budget busting, spending money that the military does not need is budget busting. But rebuilding the infrastructure of this country and putting our workers to work at decent-paying jobs is doing exactly the right thing. It is improving the economic well-being of this country, and it is long overdue. I congratulate our friends for the work that they have done.  