 Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the conference report. Let me say a few words on process, and then a few words on substance.  In terms of process, what is important for everyone to understand is that this compact bill has been passed overwhelmingly by the legislatures of Texas, Maine, and Vermont, and the legislation is strongly endorsed by the Governors of Texas, Maine, and Vermont.  In fact, in Vermont the legislature approved this legislation by voice vote in the State Senate and by a 3 to 1 margin in the House. In Texas, the Texas State Senate approved this legislation 26 to 2, while the Texas House approved it by voice vote. In Maine, both the House and Senate approved the bill by wide margins. Under a statewide referendum held in Maine, the legislation passed by better than a 2 to 1 margin.  This bill, Mr. Speaker, is supported by both Senators from Texas, both Senators from Maine, both Senators from Vermont. It is supported by the entire Maine delegation in the House, all two Members; the entire Vermont delegation, me; and as I understand it, two-thirds of the Texas House. So there is opposition from some Members of the Texas House here, but two-thirds support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, this compact is not a new idea. Since 1985, nine interstate low-level radioactive waste compacts have been approved by Congress, encompassing 41 States. I think all we are saying, if this approach is valid for 41 States in nine compacts, it certainly should be valid for Texas, Maine, and Vermont. That is the process.  Let me say a few words on substance. Here, my views may be a little different than some of the people who are supporting this compact. I am an opponent of nuclear power. I think the nuclear power industry did us a disservice many, many years ago when they said, let us build the plants, except they forgot to tell us how we were going to get rid of the waste; a slight little problem.  Now, all over this country, serious people, environmentalists, are worried, how do you get rid of low-level radioactive waste, which we are dealing with here? How do you get rid of high-level waste? That is a very serious problem.  If I had my druthers, I would close down every nuclear power plant in America as quickly as we safely can. But the issue today is something different. The reality is, we have nuclear power plants. We have universities and hospitals that are using nuclear power. The environmental question today, therefore, is how do we get rid of that low-level waste in the safest possible way? In my view, that is what this legislation is about. I think the evidence is pretty clear that Texas is in fact the best location to get rid of this waste.  The last point that I would make is there is nowhere in this legislation that talks about a specific site. Nowhere will we find that. We are not voting on a site. That decision is left to the authorities and the people of the State of Texas.  