 Chairman, I am sorry. I really would like to, but we have too many people who have waited a long time.  Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this amendment which brings progressives and conservatives together and a lot of people in between, and let me briefly state what this amendment is not about.  This amendment does not deal with our absurd trade policy which is currently running up a $200 billion deficit, it is costing us millions of jobs and is lowering the standard of American workers. This amendment does not deal with that.  But what this amendment does deal with, which is equally important, is the issue of democracy and national sovereignty and the right of the American people through their local and State elected bodies to make legislation which is in their own best interests.  The Members of Congress who are cosponsoring this legislation, progressives and conservatives, disagree on a lot of things, but what we do not disagree about is that the American people in their cities and their towns and their States have the right to make decisions which affect their own best interests and have the right not to be overridden by a secretive trade organization in Geneva, the World Trade Organization.  Mr. Chairman, for many of us trade is important. We agree trade is important. But it is not more important than human rights or social justice, and it is not more important than the freedom of the American people to exercise their constitutional right to speak out for justice or to protect the environment or to protect the food that we eat or the quality of agriculture in our areas.  Let me give my colleagues a few examples of why this amendment is important:  Recently in Annapolis, Maryland, the legislature in Maryland was discussing a serious way to deal with the military dictatorship in Nigeria, and they had a guest at their hearings, and that guest was from the State Department who told them that he thought it would not be in their best interests or even legal for them to go forward under GATT law to protest and develop legislation in opposition to the military dictatorship in Nigeria.  What is terribly important to understand is that in the 1960s and in the 1970s communities from all over this country came together to speak out against apartheid, and let me quote from what Martin Luther King, Jr., said in 1965 about what was going on in South Africa and how we could oppose it. This is what he said, and I quote:       We are in an era in which the issue of human rights is the      essential question confronting all nations. With respect to      South Africa our protest is so muted and peripheral while our      trade and investments substantially stimulate their economy      to greater     heights. We pat South Africa on the wrist, we give them      massive support through American investment in motor and      rubber industries. Now is the chance for millions of people      to personally give expression to their abhorrence of the      world's worst racism. We therefore ask all men of goodwill to      take action against apartheid in the following manner. Listen      up. Urge your government to support economic sanctions. Don't      trade or invest in South Africa until an effective      international quarantine of apartheid is established.  The fact of the matter is, if apartheid existed in a country today, or if another Hitler came to power, it would be impossible for the State of Vermont or the State of California to develop economic sanctions to say that companies that invest in those countries could not do business with the State government of Vermont or California or Massachusetts. That seems to me absolutely absurd.  Let me quote from a dear colleague that was sent out by my good friends, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Oxley) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Hamilton) and they say in opposition to this amendment, quote:  ``Multinational companies are being forced to make costly choices between giving up lucrative contracts with government agencies or foregoing business in some of the world's most promising markets.''  Yes, that is exactly what we want. If colleagues want to do business with apartheid, if they want to do business with a military dictatorship, then the people of Vermont and the people of California and cities and towns all over this country do have a right to say to those companies:  ``You have to make a choice because we believe that human rights is more important.''  