 Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown) for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today to support S. 1722, the Women's Health Research and Prevention Amendments. I am an original cosponsor of the House version, H.R. 4683, and I congratulate the gentleman from Florida (Chairman Bilirakis) and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown), the ranking member, for their efforts.  This is a good piece of legislation which authorizes or reauthorizes a number of important acts. I am especially pleased that the National Cancer Registries Act, which I introduced in 1992, is included for reauthorization in this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, we all understand that cancer is a terrible disease striking millions of Americans of all ages and from all walks of life. The National Cancer Registries Act, which is being reauthorized now, provides detailed information about who is coming down with cancer, where they live, where they work, and how effective the treatment is that they are receiving.  For years, cancer researchers wanted information, for example, about the incidence of breast cancer in Vermont as opposed to the incidence of breast cancer in another region. What might be the factors which cause the difference in incidence rates? In other words, why is a particular type of cancer more prevalent in one area of the country than in another area?  Why within a given community is cancer more prevalent in one part of that community than in another part of that community? In other words, why are there certain hot spots that have developed?  All of that information is important because the more information that researchers have, the better able they will be to understand what might be causing different types of cancer, and also in developing prevention efforts to stop the spread of cancer as well as better treatments to treat cancer.  Clearly, the more detailed information that we have about cancer, the better able we will be to understand the cause of this terrible disease which is killing more than a half million Americans every year and will account for one out of every four deaths in the United States this year.  Mr. Speaker, I want to mention that several years ago when Senator Leahy and I successfully introduced this legislation, we were given the means to do so by a number of breast cancer survivors in the State of Vermont, women who stood up and said, ``We are going to fight back.'' Among those were Joann Rathgeb, who passed away several years ago, and Pat Barr and Virginia Soffa, who are continuing their battle against cancer today.  