Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1180, the Work Incentives Improvement Act of 1999. As Chairman of the Committee on Science, I would like to highlight a provision of the bill that is particularly important to our nation's research base: the Research and Development Tax Credit (R tax credit).  H.R. 1180 includes the longest ever extension of the R tax credit. While I support a permanent extension of the R credit, this five-year extension is a step in the right direction. As federal discretionary spending for R is squeezed, incentives must be used to maximize private sector innovation and maintain our global leadership in high-tech, high-growth industries that help keep our economy the strongest in the world.  A long-term extension of the credit will aid the research community by creating incentives for private industry to fund research projects. Congress has extended the R Tax Credit repeatedly over a period of 18 years. The credit again lapsed on June 30th of this year. This five-year extension will put an end to the start-and-stop approach that has characterized this extension process.  A 1998 Coopers & Lybrand study found that U.S. companies would spend $41 billion more (in 1998 dollars) on R as a result of extending the credit. This in turn would lead to greater innovation from additional R investment and would begin to improve productivityalmost immediately, adding more than $13 billion a year to the economy's productive capacity by the year 2010. The Coopers & Lybrand report went on to note that the R tax credit would ultimately pay for itself. ``In the long run,'' the report states, ``$1.75 of additional tax revenue (on a present value basis) would be generated for each dollar the government spends on the credit, creating a win-win situation for both taxpayers and the government.''  Last year, the Science Committee released a National Science Policy Study entitled Unlocking Our Future: Toward A New National Science Policy. The Unlocking Our Future is the most comprehensive study of federal science policies ever conducted by Congress. And the full House passed a resolution adopting its recommendations. One of the study's primary recommendations was the permanent extension of the R tax credit. I am pleased that the House today is taking a concrete step toward enacting the study's recommendations.  