Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, gas hydrates, which consist of a mixture of gas and water frozen into a solid crystalline state, have great energy potential. The most abundant form of gas hydrates, methane hydrates, are found in many areas throughout the world.  The U.S. Geological Survey's 1995 National Assessment of United States Oil and Gas Resources estimated the value of the U.S. in-place methane hydrate resource to be an astounding 320,000 trillion cubic feet of gas or 320 quadrillion cubic feet of gas.  By comparison, the United States annually consumes about 22 trillion cubic feet of methane as natural gas, and the world's current known gas reserves are about 5,000 trillion cubic feet of gas.  In addition, the occurrence and stability of gas hydrates at oceanic depths offers the possibility that excess greenhouse gases, especially carbon dioxide, may be disposed in the deep ocean as synthetic hydrates.  H.R. 1753 directs the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with the Secretaries of Commerce, Defense, and the Interior, and the Director of the National Science Foundation, to commence a program of gas hydrate R  It authorizes the Secretary of Energy $5 million for fiscal year 2000, $7.5 million for fiscal year 2001, $11 million for fiscal year 2002, and $12 million for each of fiscal years 2003 and 2004 to carry out the program.  The bill also authorizes the Secretary of Energy to award grants or contracts to, or enter into cooperative agreements with institutions of higher education and industrial enterprises to conduct gas hydrate R requires that all such awards be made available based on a competitive merit review process.  It limits administrative expenses to not more than 5 percent and prohibits any funds from being used for either the construction of a new building or alteration of an existing building, including site grading and improvement and architect fees.  It allows the Secretary of Interior to award gas hydrate R contracts in grants to, and to enter into cooperative agreements with, qualified entities under the Marine Mineral Resources Research Act of 1996.  It sunsets the gas hydrate R program after the end of fiscal year 2004.  Mr. Speaker, I commend the bill to the House for its adoption.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  