Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, when I read the Washington Post this morning, I learned that the Vice President's spokesman had called the majority a party of troglodytes because we think it is more important to spend $32 million on medical research than on funding the Vice President's late night inspiration for a multimillion-dollar screen saver called Triana. Personally, I do not think that making medical research a higher priority is a reason to descend into name calling.  I am disappointed, however, that the minority in this Chamber has decided to transform a matter of priority-setting into a partisan political dispute. I thought better of them. That is why I have worked for the last 2\1/2\ years to mend fences and to build a sense of bipartisanship on the Committee onScience. For the majority members of the Committee on Science, that meant compromising with the minority and trying to bridge the differences between us. I thought we had made a good-faith effort to do that.  In developing the NASA authorization bill in committee, we made 13 separate changes to accommodate the minority even before the bill was introduced. We rewrote findings on international cooperation that the committee endorsed for 4 years. But when the minority changed its mind, we changed the language at their request.  We added findings on the importance of the Deep Space Network at the request of the minority. We added findings on the Hubble space telescope at the request of the minority. We changed language authorizing upgrades to the Space Shuttle and prohibited obligation of those Shuttle funds pending a report, at the request of the minority. We added funding for space science to offset the added costs associated with an emergency repair mission for the Hubble space telescope, at the request of the minority.  We delayed implementation of the small demonstration program of space science data purchases until fiscal year 2002, at the request of the minority. We reduced the level and details of increased funding for advanced space transportation, at the request of the minority. We changed the language requiring NASA to conduct earth science data purchases, at the request of the minority.  That did not satisfy them. But they made no effort to meet us halfway. We changed the requirement that NASA consider the impact of its international missions on the competitiveness of the U.S. space industry, at the request of the minority. We removed two positions related to the consolidated space operations contract, at the request of the minority.  We rewrote a section directing NASA to begin prioritizing Shuttle upgrades, at the request of the minority. We added a new section establishing in law a White House technology program for human space flight, at the request of the minority. By the way, if we were interested in making this a partisan bill at the Vice President's expense, we never would have done any of that.  In the committee markup, we accepted an amendment increasing funding for space grant universities, by the minority. We accepted an amendment increasing funding for historically black colleges and universities, at the request of the minority. We accepted an amendment changing NASA's educational responsibilities, at the request of the minority. We accepted an amendment on report language, at the request of the minority. And for the last week, the subcommittee chairman and I have been working with other minority members to add or change report language and develop colloquies to support their goals.  How does the minority respond to all of these efforts? Its presidential candidate calls us troglodytes. Democrats withdrew their names as cosponsors of the bill and withdrew their support increasing NASA's budget over the President's request, and the minority mobilizes to defeat the bill along partisan lines, at the same time complaining that we should add more money, add more money, to some of these other programs.  Now, I would hope that we can rise above such tactics and agree to disagree on the one issue that still divides us. This bill increases NASA's funding over the level of the President's request and contains many changes requested by the minority. It should be passed on a bipartisan basis.  