Chairman, I rise in support of the Kleczka-Sensenbrenner amendment. This amendment would prohibit the EPA from using funds to promulgate a final rule on drinking water standards for radium that is not based on sound science. In 1991, the EPA proposed a standard for radium in drinking water of 20 pico curries per liter (pCi/L). However, the EPA now intends to mandate a far more stringent level of 5 pCi/L. This apparently arbitrary restriction was recommended before proper scientific evidence to support it was gathered.  To defend this restriction, the EPA cites a study on airborne radon by the National Research Council as supporting evidence that radium in drinking water beyond 5 pCi/L may have negative health effects despite the fact that the authors of this study state that their work did not consider the effects of carcinogens other than radon, including radium. Promoting regulations that are not based on sound science is becoming a pattern at the EPA. The Agency has mandated that parts of the country use reformulated gasoline, including gasoline with the additive MTBE. MTBE pollutes ground and surface water supplies rendering it unusable for drinking water. Recently, a National Research Council report found that oxygenates, including MTBE do little to clean up our air. An EPA Blue Ribbon Panel found that MTBE is seriously damaging our nation's water. Judging by these reports, the EPA has done serious damage to our water, while doing very little for our air. That's bad science.  The EPA has often supported the need to regulate before the science is complete, arguing that the risk of doing nothing is too great even when the cost of their proposals is incredibly high. In the global climate change debate, the EPA supports proposals based on shaky science would cause gasoline prices to rise by 50 cents a gallon and household energy costs to rise $900 to $1,000 a year according to the Wharton Econometric Forecasting Association.  Similarly, if promulgated, the EPA's revised radium rule would be incredibly costly. A water utility in both my District and Congressman Kleczka's District estimates that it would cost $70 million to build and operate a facility to comply with the 5 pCi/L restriction. The cost for the new facility would be passed on to utility consumers. This water utility estimates that its rates may need to be raised to four times their current level. The cost-hike will hurt businesses and families alike. Average homeowners may see their water utility costs rise $200 to $800 per year.  This is not a problem isolated to Wisconsin. In fact, 25 states have water utilities that are above the 5 pCi/L level. The costs that this rule would impose on my district would be duplicated many-fold across the country.  The EPA should closely study the direct human health implications of radium in drinking water before imposing such a costly regulation. This amendment will provide time for the EPA to conduct these necessary tests. I urge my colleagues to support it.  