Speaker, according to biographer Richard Ben Cramer, Joe DiMaggio was upset to be placed prematurely in past tense by Paul Simon in hissong from ``The Graduate''. ``Joltin' Joe has left and gone away,'' sang Simon. ``What're they talking about?'' shot back the Yankee Clipper, ``I haven't gone anywhere.''  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an American hero. Joe DiMaggio was the first of his kind, a sports legend of the stature only 20th Century America could nurture. He was also one of the last of his breed, a celebrity of shy, quiet dignity.  The son of a fisherman and high school drop out, Joltin' Joe learned the game that would make him famous hitting with a broken oar. He played semipro ball beginning at the age of 18, but by the age of 21, he had debuted with much panache in the majors. The New York Yankees scored perhaps their best hit as a team when they recruited Joe DiMaggio to play center field in 1936.  There was no one like him in the game. What other players had to work at, DiMaggio did with an innate ability that often surprised even the greats. In a professional career lasting only 13 seasons, he won three MVPs, and led the Yankees to ten pennants and nine World Series championships.  After his retirement in 1951, DiMaggio continued to make Americans' lives a little sweeter. His devotion to children, possibly strengthened by his estrangement from his own son, was evident in his commitment to the Joe DiMaggio Children's Hospital Foundation and the Joe DiMaggio Children's Hospital in Hollywood, Florida. Through his service, children and their families in South Florida could finally receive the specialized medical services they require.  Joltin' Joe passed away on March 8, 1999, and Paul Simon's words still ring true, ``A nation turns its lonely eyes to you,'' not because we lack for great players in the many professional sports that pass our time today, but because in this commercialized age, we lack for heroes--the kind that legends are made of and the kind who, no matter what, maintain their public dignity. Joe DiMaggio did it, and there will never be another like him.  