Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I am pleased, for once, to support, in the spirit of bipartisanship, a Roemer amendment on the Space Station. What this amendment does is that it kicks the Russian government out of the partnership, but it allows NASA to make contracts with Russian aerospace contractors or the Russian space agency, which is a government entity, and thus makes Russia and its aerospace firms a subcontractor rather than a partner.  Mr. Chairman, I supported bringing Russia into the partnership when it occurred 6 years ago because I thought it would save money, it would bring the Space Station on line earlier, and allow the United States and the other partners to take advantage of Russia's tremendous expertise in constructing spacecraft as well as in long-term human space flight.  Unfortunately, this arrangement has not worked out as everyone had hoped. The time has come for a redefinition of the arrangement. Six years ago the administration promised that Russia would not be in the critical path. It said that Russia would be in an enhancing and not an enabling role.  Unfortunately, Russia is in the critical path. Whose fault it is, I do not know, and it is not relevant at this time. But every funding and every construction deadline that Russia has set for itself and agreed to its other partners with since 1996 has been missed by the Russians. They are 100 percent in not living up to their agreements, and that has cost the American taxpayers a lot of money.  The gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Roemer) has said it costs the American taxpayers $4 billion. I would say it cost $5 billion. The time to prevent further hemorrhaging because of Russia's repeated defaults is at hand, and the Roemer amendment proposes to do so.  The last promise that Russia broke was at the end of last month. It broke its promise to decide by April to deorbit the Mir Space Station if it did not come up with outside funding to support Mir by April 30. Russia did not come up with the funding, and it has not decided to deorbit Mir.  It is obvious that Russia cannot afford two space stations. If Mir stays up, it will not have the money to fulfill its further agreements for the International Space Station. The Russians made that decision, and it is time for the American Congress to respond in kind. By removing Russia as a partner but not as a contractor, we can still get the benefits of the international cooperation that the administration seeks.  Russia has played the role of contractor successfully. It has been a miserable failure in being a partner with the United States, Canada, Japan, and the European space agency.  Two years ago when the NASA authorization bill was on the floor of the House, the House approved a bill that contained the Sensenbrenner-Brown amendment, which required NASA to develop a plan to remove Russia from the critical path. The CAV task force appointed by the NASA administrator recommended eliminating long-term dependence on Russia in its April, 1998, report by developing an independent U.S. propulsion capability. NASA echoed those recommendations in a July, 1998, briefing to the White House.  At that time, the White House rejected the task force and NASA recommendations, but later reversed itself. NASA has initiated long-lead procurements for an independent propulsion capability in fiscal 1999. Their fiscal 2000 request does include funding for an independent U.S. propulsion capability, but NASA has not signed a contract to develop this capability, which is still in its study phase.  I would just like to point out that the American people are also fed up with Russia's defaults. Florida Today took an online poll. Only 22 percent of those surveyed wanted to keep Russia as a partner. Thirty-two percent wanted to end Russia's partnership, and 46 percent wanted to reduce Russia's role but not kick it out of the program completely.  The Roemer amendment does what the 32 percent and the 46 percent of the people in the Space Coast and Florida want to see done, and I would urge its adoption.  