Chairman, this bill is a 3-year authorization for our civil space program. When combined with separate legislation authorizing government-wide programs and high performance computing and information technologies, that represents a 1 percent annual increase over NASA's budget requests.  The bill provides full funding for the baselined International Space Station, which moved from a dream to a reality last year with the successful launch of the first two elements. At the same time, the bill promotes fiscal and programmatic responsibility by prohibiting NASA from adding content to the program in a costly new structure called Trans-Hab. Together, this constraint and the 3-year authorization will provide the Space Station with the stability it needs to achieve the same success fiscally that the program is demonstrating technically.  The bill also includes modest funding increases in areas of key scientific research. In the past few years the administration has cut some $742 million out of life and microgravity research accounts in NASA. This bill restores some $228 million of that over 3 years to take a small step towards ensuring that the science community is prepared to maximize the research potential of the International Space Station.  It also contains increases for space science to put the Near Earth Object Survey back on track, to promote research in space solar power that will have applications here on Earth, and to offset the cost of NASA's emergency Hubble Space Telescope repair mission.  More importantly, the bill increases funding for NASA's work in advanced space transportation technologies. Last year we learned the perils of launching U.S.-built payloads on foreign rockets. In the last 6 months we have seen a string of launch failures that have reminded us how critical reliable, low-cost access to space is for our economy, our scientific endeavors, and our national security.  H.R. 1654 accelerates and increases the funding for NASA's programs to develop a new generation of space transportation vehicles. The NASA administrator and the head of the U.S. Space Command have both said frequently that this must be a high national priority. H.R. 1654 ensures that it is.  We have developed this bill on a bipartisan basis and reached agreement on a wide range of issues. I think our efforts to work together come through in the bill's list of bipartisan original cosponsors and its bipartisan endorsement by the Committee on Science last week.  There are a few remaining points on which the majority and minority disagree, and I want to thank Members of both parties for working together to iron out most of these over the past few days. For now we may have to agree to disagree on the few outstanding issues that remain, but they should not get in the way of such a sound and comprehensive bill upon which to build our future in space.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  