Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, last Tuesday evening, Space Shuttle Columbia touched down at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The crew of Space Shuttle Columbia completed an important mission. A few short hours after launch, shuttle mission STS-93 successfully deployed the Chandra X-ray Observatory. With the launch of Chandra, we begin to explore the universe in new and exciting ways.  Chandra will allow us to examine the hot, turbulent regions in space with images nearly 25 times sharper than previous X-ray pictures. The scientific promises that Chandra holds are far reaching and will have a significant impact on our understanding of how our universe operates.  Yet beyond the scientific accomplishments of the recent shuttle mission, we rise today to celebrate a new turning point in history. STS-93 is the first-ever shuttle mission commanded by a woman, U.S. Air Force Colonel Eileen Collins. Colonel Collins has downplayed her role as the first female space shuttle commander. In her mind, she is just another astronaut, not unlike her male predecessors, who has worked hard and has been bestowed the great honor of commanding a U.S. space shuttle into space.  In reality, Colonel Collins has emerged as a role model for all young women who aspire to one day follow in her footsteps or to pursue careers in other scientific fields. However, Mr. Speaker, a young girl watching the recent nightly news coverage of Colonel Collins' flight will not be able to command her own space shuttle flight unless she acquires the science and math skills necessary to succeed as an astronaut in the U.S. space program.  Sadly, many young girls, and boys for that matter, are not receiving a quality education even in the most basic math and science courses. The release last year of the Third International Mathematics and Science (TIM) study revealed that American high school seniors, even our Nation's best students in advanced classes, are among the world's least prepared.  We must expect more from our Nation's students with respect to math and science. Curricula for all elementary and secondary years need to be developed in a manner that conveys the excitement of science and math so that students are prepared to follow in the footsteps of Colonel Collins and her crew if they choose to do so.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella), the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Technology, and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Basic Research, for introducing H. Res. 267 for our consideration today.  I congratulate Colonel Eileen Collins and the crew of Shuttle Mission STS-93 and urge my colleagues to support H. Res. 267.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  