Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, with regret, I must oppose the amendment of the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Hutchinson). While not binding, the gentleman's sense of Congress amendment telling the National Weather Service that it should not close any local Weather Service office for any reason whatsoever is in direct contradiction to the provisions of existing law. It will have a chilling effect that could well bring the service's modernization efforts to a halt, with potentially disastrous consequences for public health and safety.  I would remind the gentleman from Arkansas and the gentleman from Indiana that this bill improves forecast accuracy for tornadoes by 10 percent. The reason we are able to do that without busting the budget is by making the Weather Service more efficient.  The Weather Service plan for its modernization and associated restructuring was approved overwhelmingly by Congress and signed into law by President Bush in 1992. Already this multibillion dollar effort has resulted in dramatic gains in the service's capability to predict severe weather events such as tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, severe thunderstorms, damaging hail, and high winds, and in dramatic gains in its ability to further ensure the public health and safety.  The only way this multibillion dollar modernization effort was and is affordable is because Congress also directed the Weather Service to consolidate its sprawling network of local Weather Service offices. The savings from this consolidation effort allows the modernization effort to proceed.  Congress also established an elaborate procedure to ensure that local Weather Service offices were not closed in a willy-nilly fashion and were not subject to partisan politics.  For example, the Secretary of Commerce may not close, consolidate, automate, or relocate any field office ``* * * unless the Secretary has certified'', ``certified that such action will not result in any degradation of service.''  In addition, a public review process was also established, and, as an additional protection, Congress created a 12-member modernization transition committee comprised of five members representing the National Weather Service, the Department of Defense, the Federal Aviation Administration, and the Federal Emergency Management Agency and several members from civil defense, public safety and labor organizations, news media, pilots, and farmers. This committee may review any certification proposed by the Secretary of Commerce to determine if a degradation of service might result.  Unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman's amendment would have the implied effect of overriding this elaborate and fair public process. In addition, as I said earlier, it would have a chilling effect that could well bring the service's modernization efforts to a halt with potentially disastrous consequences to public health and safety.  We simply cannot afford to complete the National Weather Service's modernization effort and to operate the new system without the parallel restructuring of Weather Service field offices.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment and to support the committee's effort to complete the modernization.  