Speaker, I support the motion to instruct, as does the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Goodlatte). But since the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren) has expressed concerns of the administration, let me say that, first of all, the administration does not legislate under the Constitution. They have the choice of signing or vetoing the work product of both Houses of Congress.  However, the Senate, during its deliberations on this bill, moved in major efforts towards the President's position to try to modify the legislation to address many of the President's concerns. Included are changes in the proportional liability section of H.R. 775, the elimination of the liability caps on directors and officers, the elimination of the reasonable efforts defense, the tort claims, modification of the punitive damages provision in H.R. 775, and elimination of obligations on attorneys to disclose and report certain information to their clients, all of which were in the statement of administration position expressing opposition both to the House bill and to the Senate bill.  So there has been a huge movement in the direction of the President. However, we all know that this President has been very strongly opposed to any changes in tort liability law and any changes in product liability law. This is kind of a product liability bill, because it is dealing with software that is manufactured by computer companies that may or may not fail when the odometer rolls over next New Year's Eve, the danger that exists in agreeing to everything that the President objects to is, by the time we are done, the bill does not do anything. It is merely cosmetic in nature.  Then I think that, if that is the case, the President and the Congress will be equally guilty in fooling the American public that something is being done to shield people from frivolous litigation and destructive litigation when, in fact, that is not the case.  So the conferees, I think, have got to be careful. They have got to make sure that we give a conference report for consideration by this House and the other body which does address this problem and prevent frivolous litigation rather than simply passing a piece of paper, all of us taking a bow, and this bill becomes law, knowing full well that this bill really does not solve the legal problems relating to Y2K liability.  As a conferee, those are the goals I am going to try to achieve, and that is to pass a bill that does something, that addresses these problems. I would hope that the President, in the spirit of compromise, recognizing that the Senate really met him more than halfway with his objections to the House bill, would move a little bit by himself.  