Chairman, I rise today to support the research and development provisions in H.R. 2084, the Department of Transportation and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, for FY 2000. As Chairman of the Committee on Science, I believe this bill's research funding provisions meet the requirements for a solid research and development base in support of the Department of Transportation's (DOT) mission. Like Chairmen Young and Wolf, I too recognize that investing in research today will improve the safety and efficiency of travel in the future.  Last month the Science Committee passed H.R. 1551, the Federal Aviation Administration Civil Aviation Research and Development Act. The bill included a $208.5 million authorization for research and development programs at the Department of Transportation. Like H.R. 2084, H.R. 1551 proposes a $173 million dollar commitment to the Research, Engineering and Development account at the Federal Aviation Administration. This is an increase of $23 million over the FY 1999 enacted or a 15.3 percent increase for FAA Research and Development programs and will provide FAA with the resources necessary to expand their Research and Development activities.  In addition, I am pleased H.R. 2084 funds the Advanced Technology Development and Prototyping function of the FAA's Facilities and Equipment account at a level of $33 million dollars. These critical projects and activities are assisting us to develop the next generation of communications, navigation and surveillance capabilities necessary to meet the projected increases in aviation in the 21st century.  Similarly, the bill supports the Safe Flight 21 program at FAA at the authorized level of $16 million. Although I would have liked to have seen Safe Flight 21 in the research account, and not in the Facilities and Equipment account, I do believe this is a program of merit and worthy of support.  While I believe H.R. 2084 provides DOT and FAA with the resources necessary to conduct world class research that is mission critical to DOT, I cannot support the bill as a whole. I believe that the $50.7 billion appropriated by this legislation is more than we can afford for the Department of Transportation.  