Speaker, H.R. 2112 is a combination of two other freestanding bills which I have introduced. Section 2 consists of the text of H.R. 1852, which would reverse the effects of the 1998 Supreme Court decision in the so-called ``Lexecon'' case, that would simply amend the multidistrict litigation statute by explicitly allowing a transferee court to retain jurisdiction over referred cases for trial or to refer them to other districts as it sees fit.  Section 3 is comprised of the language of H.R. 967, which beginning in the 101st Congress has been supported by the Department of Justice, the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts, two previous Democratic Congresses, and one previous Republican Congress.  Section 3 will help reduce litigation costs as well as the likelihood of forum shopping in single-accident mass tort cases. All plaintiffs in these cases would ordinarily be situated identically, making the case for consolidation of these actions especially compelling. These types of disasters, with their hundreds of thousands of plaintiffs and numerous defendants, have the potential to impair the orderly administration of justice in the Federal courts for an extended period of time.  In brief, section 3 addresses these problems by conferring original jurisdiction upon a Federal District Court of any civil action which features four basic attributes. First, the action is one in which minimal diversity exists between adverse parties. Second, the action arises from a single accident. Third, at least 25 people have either died or incurred injury in the accident. Fourth, in the case of injury, the injury has resulted in damages which exceed $75,000 per person.  Moreover, the relevant district court overseeing such a consolidated action is given wider authority to apply appropriate choice of law rules. This is a great improvement over the existing convoluted system in which a myriad of State laws ties the hands of a federal judge. The criteria the Court must invoke when making its decisions include examination of the place of the injury, the place of the conduct causing the injury, the principal place of business or domicile of the parties, the danger of creating unnecessary incentives for forum shopping and whether the choice of law would be reasonably foreseeable to the parties.  In addition, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from California (Mr. Berman) and I jointly amended the bill at full committee by making two basic and noncontroversial changes.  First, the treatment of compensatory damages in Section 2 will be made consistent with that in section 3.  Second, based upon a recommendation from the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), we will raise the dollar threshold in section 3 actions from $50,000 to $75,000.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, I wish to acknowledge the good faith efforts of the gentleman from California (Mr. Berman) in resolving the one outstanding issue governing compensatory damages prior to the full committee markup. His willingness to work with us has resulted in a truly bipartisan and noncontroversial measure. I want these sentiments on the record, especially in his absence today.  So, Mr. Speaker, this legislation speaks to process, fairness and judicial efficiency. It will not interfere with jury verdicts or compensation rates for litigators. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to join the gentleman from California (Mr. Berman) and myself in a bipartisan effort to support the Multidistrict, Multiparty, Multiforum Jurisdiction Act of 1999.  