Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 2605, the Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act of 1999. This bill contains funding for the majority of the Department of Energy's (DOE's) civilian science and energy R programs as well as legislative guidance on some key project management issues at the Department of Energy.  Today, the Department of Energy epitomizes all that is wrong with how a government department should be run. DOE lacks basic planning and project management skills and cannot provide simple planning information to Congress on costs and deadlines. This appropriation bill represents the hard work of Mr. Packard and the Members of the Subcommittee to correct a department that has gone awry and appears incapable of righting itself.  The Science Committee has responsibility for setting authorization levels for funding civilian scientific research and development programs at the Department of Energy as well as providing programmatic direction. The Committee has passed two authorization bills which address Department of Energy funding needs.  They are: H.R. 1655, the Department of Energy Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1999; and H.R. 1656, the Department of Energy Commercial Application of Energy Technology Authorization Act of 1999. While H.R. 2605 does not fully fund some science and energy R accounts to their authorized levels, it is a good attempt to follow the authorization bills directions on R funding within a tight fiscal framework.  In addition, H.R. 2605 will have a profound impact on climate research at the Department of Energy. While the Administration jumped on the Kyoto bandwagon, I have always believed that a more science-based assessment of our climate and energy resources is necessary before we use taxpayer funds to support a flawed policy approach.  H.R. 2605 addresses this issue through its inclusion of language, known as the Knollenberg amendment, that prohibits any funds from being used to implement the Kyoto Protocol. This language is consistent with language from Representative Zoe Lofgren's amendment that was adopted by the Committee on Science as part of H.R. 1742, the Environmental Protection Agency Office of Research and Development Act of 1999, on May 25, 1999. Together, both Ms. Lofgren's and Mr. Knollenberg's language assures taxpayers that Senate ratification must precede actions to implement the Kyoto Protocol and that the Department of Energy cannot attempt to implement any Kyoto regulations through a disingenuous approach. Given the glaring problems with this unfunded, unsigned, and unratified Protocol, such a limitation is proper and necessary and I commend the Appropriations Committee for including this language in H.R. 2605.  Finally, I want to commend and applaud the Committee's decision to follow the authorization language in H.R. 1655 regarding the Spallation Neutron Source (SNS) project. Specifically, H.R. 2605, through legislative and report language, will require DOE to meet the following criteria before any construction funds are released. The criteria taken from H.R. 1655 are as follows:  1. Certification that senior project management positions for the project have been filled by qualified individuals;  2. Cost baseline and project milestones for each major construction and technical system activity, consistent with the overall cost and schedule submitted with the Department's fiscal year 2000 budget, and that have been reviewed and certified by an independent entity, outside the Department and having no financial interest in the project, as the most cost-effective way to complete the project;  3. Binding legal agreements that specify the duties and obligations of each laboratory of the Department of Energy in carrying out the project;  4. A revised project management structure that integrates the staff of the collaborating laboratories working on the project under a single project director, who shall have direct supervisory responsibility over the duties and obligations described in subparagraph (3.) above;  5. Official delegation by the Secretary of primary authority with respect to the project to the project director;  6. Certification from the Comptroller General that the total taxes and fees in any manner or form paid by the Federal Government on the SNS and the property, activities, and income of the Department relating to the SNS to the State of Tennessee or its counties, municipalities, or any other subdivision thereof, does not exceed the aggregate taxes and fees for which the Federal Government would be liable if the project were located in any other State that contains a national laboratory of the Department; and  7. Annual reports on the SNS project, included as part of the Department's annual budget submission, including a description of the achievement of milestones, a comparison of actual costs to estimated costs, and any changes in estimated project costs or schedule.  In the past, costs associated with some major scientific projects have spiraled out of control because adequate preventative measures were not taken in the early planning stages to limit cost growth. The Superconducting Supercollider and International Space Station are two examples, and I believe that the language on Spallation Neutron Source, when coupled with rigorous oversight, will provide the Department of Energy with the facility they need at a cost that does not cause heartburn for the American taxpayer.  