Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, as chairman of the Committee on Science, I have worked with my friend and colleague, Mr. George E. Brown, Jr., of California for the past 2\1/2\ years to advance legislation that meets our Nation's research and development funding needs. Regrettably, Congressman Brown is no longer with us. I am pleased to say that this legislation continues that tradition, only this time we have a new ranking member, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hall).  H.R. 1551 authorizes the FAA to conduct research and development activities for fiscal years 2000 and 2001.  Shortly, I will offer a manager's amendment that was crafted in consultation with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. The amendment strikes certain provisions of H.R. 1551 which were already authorized earlier this summer through House passage of H.R. 1000, the Aviation Investment and Reform Act for the 21st Century.  As amended by my manager's amendment, H.R. 1551 authorizes $208 million in fiscal year 2000 and $223 million in fiscal year 2001 for the FAA to conduct research and development in the areas of air traffic, management, communications, navigation, weather, aircraft safety, system security, airport technology, and human factors.  The legislation fully funds the administration's fiscal 2000 request and allows a modest, but necessary, increase of 3 percent over fiscal year 1999 enacted funding level for the various research and development activities.  Mr. Chairman, the Committee on Science takes its oversight responsibilities very seriously. I am pleased that H.R. 1551 includes important provisions to ensure that our Nation's investments in aviation R are effectively utilized.  For instance, section 5 of the legislation implements recommendations by the Inspector General by requiring the FAA to work cooperatively with NASA to jointly prepare and transmit to Congress an integrated civil aviation safety R plan that clearly defines the rules and responsibilities of the two agencies.  Section 4 requires the FAA to implement strategic planning consistent with the Government Performance and Results Act in the development of aviation plans.  Finally, H.R. 1551 ensures accountability and public access to award information by requiring the FAA to post the abstracts related to all unclassified R grants and awards on the agency's Internet home page.  I would like to commend gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella), the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Technology, and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Barcia), the ranking member of the subcommittee, for their hard work they have done in crafting this legislation.  Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1551 is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  