Speaker, H.R. 2684, the Department of Veterans Affairs, Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2000 is the most critical funding bill for American science.  All scientific endeavors we marvel at today started with intensive basic research. Today's basic research is the seedcorn for our future economic endeavors and basic research has provided the scientific foundation for all the significant discoveries we have made in medicine, telecommunications and manufacturing. This conference report recommends a level of $3.912 billion for NSF and will provide a $240 million boost to NSF activities over the FY 1999 enacted level. Included in this amount is $2.996 billion for the Research and Related Activities account. This is nearly $200 million or 7% over the FY99 level and will support crucial research activities at NSF.  Key among these activities is the support for basic research in Information Technology (IT). The conferees have increased funding for IT by over $126 million from last year's level, more than was apportioned in either the House or Senate FY 2000 bills. Included in this amount is $36 million for Terascale computing. These large increases are in keeping with the legislative intent set out in H.R. 2086, the Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Act (NITRD) of 1999.  H.R. 2086 charts a new course for IT research at the federal level. The Committee on Science passed the bill by a vote of 41-0. I expect the bill will be taken up by the full House prior to our recess. The bill has been endorsed by the co-chairs of the President's Information Technology Advisory Commission (PITAC) as well as numerous other university and industry groups that recognize the need for long-term support of IT research. I thank the conferees for appropriating sufficient funds for NITRD and making the programs authorized in H.R. 2086 a reality. This investment in IT research will pay large dividends for future generations of Americans.  NSF is not the only agency that falls under the purview of IT research in this funding bill. National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) are both funded at levels consistent with H.R. 2086. Both of these agencies have important roles to play in furthering basic IT research.  Also included in this bill is a provision to rename the United States-Mexico Foundation for Science in commemoration of the Science Committee's former Chairman and Ranking Member, George E. Brown. George was dedicated to improving scientific collaboration between the United States and Mexico. The George E. Brown/United States-Mexico Foundation for science is a fitting tribute to a man known by his colleagues as ``Mr. Science.''  The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is funded at an overall level of $7.592 billion. Within this amount, $645 million is devoted to EPA science and technology programs. This is adequate funding for EPA's science and technology needs.  Under this conference agreement, NASA is funded at $13.653 billion. This amount is $75 million above the President's request and $12 million below the FY1999 enacted level. Within this amount, the International Space Station is funded at $2.33 billion, $30 million more than FY 1999 and $152 million below the President's request. In the past, the cost growth associated with the Space Station program has resulted in cuts to critical science programs at NASA. The $2.33 billion level should enable NASA to meet station obligations without robbing from critical science programs.  Likewise, a recent NASA Inspector General's report raises serious questions over whether the Triana spacecraft represents the best use of NASA's limited research dollars. This bill requires a study by the National Academy of Sciences regarding the scientific merit of the Triana project before work can proceed. I can only hope that the Academy will look at the relative merit of funding Triana as it compares with other NASA programs such as Space Science. Unfortunately, it appears that the review will not focus on how the mission was originally selected, thus, leaving the NASA IG's questions unanswered. Certainly, the NASA resources committed to Triana would be better spent on science projects selected through a peer review process. Restoring funding to Space Science, which has made such strides in performing NASA missions ``faster, cheaper, and better'' would be a better use of limited resources.  Unfortunately, despite the strong commitment to science incorporated within this bill, NASA's decision to end-run the joint efforts by House and Senate authorizers by insisting onthe inclusion of a damaging legislative rider requires my opposition to this bill. NASA's legislative rider threatens the future of space commercialization and was slipped into this otherwise scientifically sound bill without a single hearing or any public debate. This new commercial development program puts NASA in the untenable position of weighing business risks, market potential, and an individual venture's probability of success. NASA, as a federal agency, is not competent to make these decisions, which are best left to private markets. The Science Committee has been working with NASA and the private sector to address the area of space commercialization. Yet NASA decided to skirt public debate and secure its own preeminence in an area outside of its capabilities. This demonstrates a callousness and arrogance that I cannot support or condone. As a long-time supporter of NASA, I'm deeply disappointed the agency would choose to intentionally circumvent the Science Committee, its strongest congressional advocate.  Therefore, Mr. Speaker, despite the fact that I support the increased funding levels for science in this measure, I cannot support this conference report.  