Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment to terminate the International Space Station.  We go through this exercise every year and the outcome is a foregone conclusion. When Mr. Roemer offered a similar amendment to the authorization bill this spring, he could not even muster 100 votes. We beat back this amendment by the biggest margin in the Space Station's history. We will do so again. But, there are a few points we should make clear before doing so.  First, the gentleman has challenged Congress to set priorities. The fact is, we have. Scientific research aboard the Space Station is--and has been--our top priority for the civil space program. Congress has made that clear on a bipartisan basis for years.  Second, there is hardware in orbit. Right now, the first and second elements are assembled in space and circling the Earth. Terminating now would send the program to a fiery ending as those elements burn up upon re-entering Earth's atmosphere. That's not the right beginning to the next millennium.  Third, we have already spent the bulk of the Space Station's development funding. We've passed the roughest financial hurdles and invested some $20 billion getting the hardware on the ground ready for launch. You can see that hardware at the Kennedy Space Center right now. It belongs in orbit, not in a museum.  Finally, there are 16 other countries counting on us to finish the Space Station. They have committed billions to this project because we made a pledge to them. That's a pledge we should not break. While it is true that Russia has let the partnership down and that the Administration's decision to put Russia in the critical path has cost the taxpayers more money, two wrongs don't make a right.  Mr. Chairman, I ask all my colleagues to do what is right for our country and vote down the Roemer amendment again.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore (Mr. Pease). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Roemer).  The question was taken; and the Chairman pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it.  