. 2392, a bill to reauthorize the Small Business Innovation Research, SBIR, program through Fiscal Year 2006. As Chairman of the House Science Committee, I am pleased that H.R. 2392 continues to recognize the important role that small businesses play in supporting federal research and development efforts.  SBIR is designed to promote innovation in federal research by increasing the participation of small businesses across the country through a 2.5 percent set-aside of an agency's extramural R budget. Currently, 10 federal agencies participate in the SBIR program.  In order to allow H.R. 2392 to move forward expeditiously, the Committee on Small Business agreed to incorporate into the legislation certain provisions authored by the Science Committee. The provisions are of importance to the science community and allow for greater accountability of the multibillion-dollar program.  For example, H.R. 2392 takes important steps to enhance Congressional oversight by requiring each agency that participates in the SBIR program to submit to Congress a performance plan consistent with the Government Performance and Results Act.  Next, the Small Business Administration will be required to maintain an electronic database that will enable Congress, the Administration, and participating agencies to accurately evaluate the program's performance.  In that same light of evaluation, H.R. 2392 calls for the National Research Council to conduct a comprehensive review of the SBIR program. This review follows up on the earlier report done by the NRC at the request of the Science Committee, on how best to evaluate federal research and development. The SBIR study should use that report as its guideline in developing its evaluation methods.  Finally, the bill also allows for awards to exceed the Phase I and Phase II caps on time and duration, provided that the awarding agency justifies such action to the Administration. Preference is to be given to small businesses that have commitments for second and third phase funding from sources outside the SBIR program. This provision improves the program's administrative flexibility.  I would like to thank the Ranking Member of the Science Committee, Mr. Hall, the Chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Technology, Mrs. Morella, and the Ranking Member Mr. Barcia for their work in bringing this bill to the floor. I would also like to thank the Chairman of the Small Business Committee, Mr. Talent, and Ranking Member Ms. Velazquez, for working with the Science Committee.  Madam Speaker, H.R. 2392 is a good bill and I urge all members to support its swift enactment.  