Chairman, I rise today to discuss H.R. 2684, the Veterans Affairs, Housing and Urban Development and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act of 1999. This bill contains funding for the science programs of the National Science Foundation (NSF), National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).  Last year, the Science Committee passed the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1999, now Public Law 105-207. This was a multi-year authorization for NSF and provided funding and programmatic direction for NSF for fiscal years 1998 through 2000.  H.R. 2684 provides $3.6 billion in funding for NSF for FY 2000. This is below both the level authorized in Public Law 105-207, and the level enacted for FY 1999. NSF is our Nation's premier federal basic research agency, and I believe its funding should be increasing, not decreasing. I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee during conference to correct this funding shortfall.  One priority within NSF is basic information technology (IT) research as outlined in H.R. 2086, the Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Act (NITRD). NITRD is a long-term authorization for basic IT research introduced by a bipartisan coalition of members from the Committee on Science.  Fundamental IT research has played an essential role in fueling the information revolution and creating new industries and millions of new, high-paying jobs. Maintaining the Nation's global leadership in IT will require keeping open the pipeline of new ideas, technologies, and innovations that flow from basic research. Although the private sector provides most IT research funding, it tends to focus on short-term, applied work. The federal government, therefore, has a critical role to play in supporting the long-term, basic research the private sector requires but is ill-suited to pursue.  H.R. 2684 appropriates $35 million of new money specifically for NITRD. I appreciate the Appropriations Committee's initial support for what promises to be an important long-term research effort.  As for the space program, I want to first thank the gentleman from New York, Mr. Walsh, and the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Young, for addressing some of the Science Committee's concerns during consideration of the bill at full Committee. The restoration of $400 million in the full Appropriations Committee to space science was a good first step. We've come a long way since the President's FY 1997 budget request, which presented the space community with the prospects of a 25% cut. That progress should not blind us to the importance of ensuring a healthy budget for space science. I look forward to working with the appropriators over the coming months to try and restore the remaining shortfalls.  The International Space Station also demands our attention. We need to reverse the bill's proposed $100 million reduction to this vital program. While I share the appropriators' frustration with the Administration's management of this program, this cut could prove penny-wise and pound-foolish.  Following continuous pressure from the Science Committee, the President has now decided to seek funding for a U.S.-built independent propulsion module. Cuts to the Space Station threaten this independent propulsion capability and could lengthen our dependence on the Russians, creating even bigger budget problems in the future.  We also need to reverse the cuts to the Shuttle program. Over the last five years, NASA and the United Space Alliance have done an excellent job of making the Shuttle lean and mean, but you can only go so far. Cutting the Shuttle budget further may affect safety. So, I want to express my willingness to continue working with the appropriators now and in the coming months to ensure that the Shuttle, Space Station and Space Science are fully funded.  Earlier this year, the House passed H.R. 1654, the NASA Authorization Act of 1999. That bill made low-cost access to space a higher priority by increasing funding for advanced space transportation. The Cox Committee reaffirmed that reliable, low-cost access to space was vital to U.S. national security, scientific, and commercial interests. I would hope that the final appropriations bill will be able to address this long-term need.  I would also like to note the EPA budget in H.R. 2684. The appropriators have provided EPA with $7.3 billion in FY 2000. This is $105 million over the President's request. EPA's Science and Technology account is funded at $645 million, an increase of $2.5 million over the President's request.  Finally, I want to take a moment to remember the former distinguished Chairman of the Committee on Science, Representative George Brown. George was a colleague and a friend and he recognized how critical science and technology were to the future of this country. While George and I differed on a number of policy issues, he always had the best interest of science in his heart. Let us honor his memory by working to ensure that science in America continues to move forward into the 21st Century.  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to the FY 2000 VA/HUD appropriations bill. While I support the increases for veterans' medical care, this bill does more harm than good and should be defeated. This bill cuts vital programs like Housing Opportunities for People with AIDS, community development block grants, and brownfields cleanup and development. Section 8 housing receives only a minor increase and does not include funding for any new vouchers. My district alone will lose 475 housing units for low-income families, as well as 276 jobs. On top of these cuts, this bill steals $3.5 billion from the Labor-HHS appropriations bill. Mr. Chairman, we are playing with fire here. If this bill passes, the good that will come from the increase to veterans' medical care will be drowned out by the number of people who lose their housing because this Congress decided not to fund these critical programs. I urge a no vote on final passage of this bill.  