Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, in the past two decades, Congress, through legislation considered by the Committee on Science, has established a system to transfer and commercialize unclassified technology from our Federal laboratories to ensure that United States citizens receive the full benefit from our government's investment in research and development.  To help further these goals, the Committee on Science first reported the Stephenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980. The committee expanded on that landmark legislation with the passage of the Federal Technology Transfer Act of 1986, the National Competitive Technology Transfer Act of 1989, the American Technology Preeminence Act of 1991, and the National Technology Transfer and Advancement Act of 1995, among others.  As a result, the Committee on Science has strengthened and improved the process of technology transfer from our Federal labs. Technology transfer has resulted in products which are currently being used to enhance our quality of life.  A few examples include biomedical products, such as the AIDS home testing kit; transportation innovations, such as the global positioning system; and new materials technology that make automobiles lighter and more fuel-efficient.  H.R. 209 continues the Committee on Science's long and rich history of advancing technology transfer to help boost our Nation's standard of living. The bill improves and streamlines the ability of Federal agencies to license federally-owned inventions.  Under the Technology Transfer Commercialization Act, Federal agencies would be provided with two important new tools for effectively commercializing on-the-shelf government-owned inventions. First, the bill's revised authorities of Section 209 of the Bayh-Dole Act; and second, the ability to license technology as part of a cooperative research and development agreement.  Both mechanisms make Federal technology transfer programs much more attractive to American private industries that seek to form partnerships with the Federal labs.  I congratulate the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Technology, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella) for introducing H.R. 209, and for her very capable efforts in working cooperatively with members of the minority, the administration, and the other body to reach an agreement on this important bipartisan bill.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 209 was reported by the committee without objection by voice vote and has been discharged by the Committee on the Judiciary, to which the bill was sequentially referred.  I appreciate the cooperation of the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on the Judiciary, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), for their cooperation in expeditiously bringing this bill to the floor. H.R. 209 is yet another important step in refining our Nation's technology transfer laws to remove existing impediments to enhance government and industry collaboration, and I urge its adoption.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  