Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, this is one of the rites of spring that occurs in our Nation'scapital city every year. The cherry blossoms come up, there are a lot of tourists, particularly schoolchildren, that come to see our Nation's capital, and the gentleman from Indiana starts to kill the Space Station again.  First, there is a cap for the next 3 years contained in the bill that is before us. That cap is contained in the authorization amounts of $2,482,700,000 for fiscal year 2000, $2.328 billion for fiscal year 2001 and $2.91 billion for fiscal year 2002. That cap is there. That fully funds the administration's request on this subject. We are being very bipartisan on that.  Secondly, the amendment that the gentleman is proposing now will be directly in conflict with the next amendment that the gentleman intends to propose which gets the Russian government out of the critical path, because the budgets that NASA has put together assume that the Russians will be able to fulfill their obligations under the Space Station agreement. The gentleman from Indiana and I happen to agree that the Russians have not done that. But if he removes the Russians from the program, it is going to cost more money.  So the cap that he puts on will prevent NASA from spending more money which will be caused by the next amendment that the gentleman from Indiana intends to propose. Really, I think the gentleman ought to go to his third amendment which kills the Space Station altogether, because that implements what he wants to do. What he wants to do there is wrong and has been rejected overwhelmingly by the House of Representatives in the past, and I would hope would be rejected again in the future.  The conflicting messages that are being sent by the different caps that are being discussed here is not going to do NASA any good, is not going to do the program any good, and it is just going to confuse everyone in terms of responsible budgeting. I hope that that is not what the gentleman from Indiana has in mind.  Because in determining how much the Space Station costs, an essential element is going to be the economic and political direction that Russia takes and how the United States of America, which includes the President, the Congress and the American people, respond to it. I just would hope that NASA's hands would not be tied through the adoption of the amendment that the gentleman from Indiana is proposing at the present time, that NASA be able to have the flexibility in dealing with Russian contingencies head-on.  For that reason, I would urge the committee to reject the amendment that he has proposed.  