Chairman, I rise in reluctant opposition to this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, the heart of gentleman from New York (Mr. Weiner) is in the right place on this amendment, but this is not a fiscally responsible way of going about addressing this problem, since the amendment is an add-on of approximately $10 million additional authorization for each of the next 3 years.  NASA is committed to spending $25 million for aircraft noise reduction in fiscal year 2000. So it is not a question of whether we spend nothing on aircraft noise reduction research or some money, because NASA has got that money allocated within one of their accounts.  The bulk of NASA's aeronautic research into aircraft noise reduction technology was conducted within the research and technology base of the advanced subsonic technology program. The administration, and I emphasize the administration, decided to terminate the advanced subsonic technology program when a determination was made that NASA needed additional funding for the International Space Station.  That was budget discipline. That was setting priorities. That was something that the administration decided that it had to do in terms of meeting its obligations.  For us to turn and go around and say we should forget about budget priorities, we should simply add to the authorization, I think diminishes the credibility of the efforts of the Committee on Science to figure out how we will be able to give NASA the money that is available for this year to the highest and best effect.  NASA has already testified before Congress that they are meeting their goals on aircraft noise reduction technology research within the money that is available. Because of this, we should accept the fact that they know how much they can spend on it. We should not be dealing with this problem simply by throwing more money at it.  I would love to be able to meet everyone's desires, but that is not the way life is in the real world and in the budget climate we are facing. We have to be responsible. This amendment is not fiscally responsible. It runs counter to NASA's expert opinion on their requirements. It breaks our obligations to the taxpayers, and I would ask the committee to reject it.  