Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman) for yielding me this time, and rise in support of this bill, which will assist the administration's efforts to prevent the spread of ballistic missiles and weapons of mass destruction to Iran.  H.R. 1883 contains several provisions that require the administration to report any credible information it receives about the entities transferring technology to Iran.  The bill's teeth, however, are in section 6, over which the Committee on Science has jurisdiction and which the committee unanimously endorsed last week. Section 6 prohibits the administration from transferring any funds to the Russian Government for the International Space Station unless the President determines that it is the policy of the Russian Government to actively oppose proliferation to Iran, that the Russian Government is carrying out that policy, and that the Russian Space Agency and the organizations under its jurisdictions have not transferred technology to Iran.  Some question linking the International Space Station and proliferation arguing that they are separate issues. Using the space program as a nonproliferation tool follows the path the White House laid out in 1993 when it invited Russia into the International Space Station partnership. The White House explicitly linked Russian participation in the Space Station to its goal of discouraging Russia from engaging in proliferation activities, and numerous administration witnesses since then before the Committee on Science and its subcommittees have stated that if Russia proliferates to Iran that is a deal breaker as far as the Space Station goes.  So, H.R. 1883 is consistent with the administration's policies regarding both the Space Station and nonproliferation.  Unfortunately, we have received consistent reports since 1993 that Russia is assisting Iran's efforts to acquire weapons of mass destruction and ballistic missiles. The CIA and the State Department conceded as much in open hearings over the last 2 years.  Faced with such evidence, H.R. 1883 is an appropriate and measured step that Congress can and must take to halt such proliferation. The bill does not change Russia's rights or obligations as a partner in the International Space Station. It does not prohibit NASA from making payments to the Russian Space Agency if the RussianGovernment is doing what it promises, namely stopping the flow of technology to Iran. It only prohibits NASA from making such payments if Russia is increasing the threat to our friends, allies, and troops in the Middle East and in Europe.  Congress must not look the other way in the face of proliferation or one day it will come back to haunt us. We must do our part to promote international peace and security. H.R. 1883 is a good first step, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill.  