Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment as an important step to stop the exploitation of our children. This amendment is directly connected to the abduction of children, since children are abducted and sold into the sex industry for both pornography and for prostitution.  The amendment addresses growing challenges to the government's ability to prosecute child pornographers. It also includes a provision to address child pornography that is produced overseas to be distributed in the United States. The exploitation of any child is unacceptable, and the United States must take affirmative steps to prevent this exploitation wherever it occurs.  The amendment is essentially the same as the Child Obscenity and Pornography Prevention Act, which passed the House in the last Congress by a vote of 413 to 8. This legislation had strong bipartisan support. Congress understood then what has become even more clear now, that this legislation ensures the enforceability of existing child pornography laws.  During the 1990s, advances in computer technology threatened the government's ability to protect real children. Congress attempted to address this concern in 1996 with the Child Pornography Prevention Act, parts of which were subsequently struck down by the Supreme Court in the Free Speech Coalition decision.  Regardless of whether we agree or disagree with the court's decision, we must now deal with its consequences. Since that decision, defendants in child pornography cases have routinely claimed that the depictions of child pornography could be virtual, thus requiring the government to prove first that the depicted image is a real person.  The mere existence of computer technology that creates virtual depictions which are indistinguishable from depictions of actual children allows defendants who possess images of real children to escape prosecution. This Congress has an obligation to correct this absurd permutation in the law.  Given the prevalence of the Internet, we absolutely cannot protect our children if prosecutors must first completethe almost impossible task of identifying the children depicted in child pornography. Unless this amendment is adopted, the Supreme Court's decision will effectively legalize all child pornography by throwing an insurmountable burden in the face of the prosecution.  I urge my colleagues to support this critical amendment.  