Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the Nadler substitute. The Nadler substitute not only makes significant and controversial revisions to H.R. 975, but deletes crucial provisions from the bill, including various provisions intended to provide important consumer protections.  Here are just a few examples of the more than 30 provisions that the Nadler substitute deletes from H.R. 975:  Section 201, which is intended to protect debtors and to promote alternative dispute resolutions with creditors;  section 202, which penalizes creditors who materially violate the discharge injunction;  section 203, which requires heightened disclosures in connection with, and scrutiny of, reaffirmation agreements. This provision, by the way, was added at the insistence of Senator Torricelli during the 106th Congress and was fully endorsed by the Clinton administration;  section 311, which attempts to strike a balance between the needs of residential landlords dealing with deadbeat tenants who use bankruptcy to avoid paying rent and giving a financial fresh start to tenants who are willing to cure their rent arrears and to be current on their rental payments. This provision, I should note, was thoroughly negotiated during the 107th Congress by Senator Feingold;  and, all of title VII, which strengthens the ability of State and local taxing authorities to collect taxes. At a time when the States and localities are in such bad shape financially, I do not think we would want to give a bigger pass to bankrupts to avoid paying the taxes that they had accrued and owed.  Worse yet, the Nadler substitute guts the various provisions that were hallmarks of last year's conference report. It replaces H.R. 975's needs-based income expense formula with a completely new, but ill conceived, test that could easily lend itself to manipulation.  The Nadler substitute also essentially eliminates the bill's credit counseling provisions and reduces the reach-back period with respect to the cramdown of claims secured by automobiles, a provision that was extensively negotiated with Senate Democrats during the 107th Congress.  Finally, the Nadler substitute essentially reinstates the so-called Schumer amendment, which will effectively penalize protestors who engage in civil disobedience. This is an extraneous and controversial provision that makes debts arising from the violation of the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act nondischargeable. Inclusion of this provision will likely kill bankruptcy reform, a fact proven just 4 months ago in the last Congress when a vote on the rule that would have allowed consideration of the bankruptcy conference report which contained a similar provision failed on the floor of the House.  Simply put, a vote for the Nadler substitute is a vote to kill bankruptcy reform legislation, and I urge Members to vote against it.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  