Speaker, I yield myself the balance of the time.  Mr. Speaker, no one is as frustrated as I am at the lack of progress on the overall bankruptcy reform bill, which is comprehensive and which will make this economy work better and more efficiently, particularly for those people who pay their bills and obligations on time. Without the overall bankruptcy reform bill being enacted into law, there will be those that use bankruptcy reform as a financial planning tool. That is absolutely wrong. Bankruptcy should exist for people and organizations that are genuinely down and out and who need to go through bankruptcy in order to get a fresh start, and the bill that is in the other body which this House passed by an overwhelming margin does just that.  I can understand the desire of people who are opposed to an overall bankruptcy reform bill to try to cherry-pick the popular items out of it and pass them piecemeal so that their opposition will end up sinking the overall bankruptcy reform bill once and for all. I do not go along with that, and I do not think the majority of this House will either.  The reason we have a temporary extension of chapter 12 here is to make sure that these protections for family farmers are maintained. But if chapter 12 and other issues are cherry-picked out, then the $44 billion a year of debt that is written off in bankruptcy will be passed on to those who pay their bills, including farmers who pay their bills in the form of higher goods and services.  That is why the overall bankruptcy reform bill ought to be enacted into law. And while the gentlewoman from Wisconsin might be prepared to give up on that issue, I am not, and that is why this bill is a temporary extension. We are going to do the job that needs to be done for the farmers today, and then, hopefully, later on this year, when the other body passes the overall bankruptcy reform bill, we will be able to do the job that needs to be done for people who pay their bills on time and, as agreed, to prevent this huge shift of costs from those who do not pay their bills to those who do.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  