Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, Federal Prison Industries, or FPI for short, was first authorized in the 1930s to require Federal agencies to buy goods made by inmates in Federal prisons. The purpose of FPI was to ensure work and training for prison inmates by guaranteeing a market for prison-made goods. Although Federal Prison Industries may have started with good intentions, it has been surrounded by controversy since its inception.  FPI enjoys a mandatory market for its goods, a government facility to produce them in, and pays its workers less than the minimum wage to manufacture them. A guaranteed market for its products and reduced costs for labor and capital clearly amounts to an unfair advantage when put in direct competition with private industries. As Members of Congress, I believe it is our duty to protect the pocketbooks of taxpayers by ensuring that the Federal Government is not misusing taxpayer dollars. I believe it is also our duty to protect American business and workers from unfair competition by the Federal Government.  FPI is a large, government-owned corporation. It currently operates 111 factories at 71 of its correctional institutions where it produces goods in over 150 product lines under the trade name UNICOR. It offers approximately 150 broad classes of products and services through eight business groups. And there is no question FPI hurts private industry. For example, in fiscal year 2002, the FPI sold over $210 million in office furniture, representing a 17.2 share of the office furniture market nationwide.  Since I was first elected to Congress, I have been working to correct the situation with FPI and level the playing field for private industry. I became interested in this issue out of concern for small businesses in my district in Wisconsin. Two businesses in my district were shut down as a direct result of competition from FPI. Other businesses sought my help when FPI threatened to come in and begin manufacturing small engines. Over the years, I have received dozens of letters complaining about FPI and asking Congress to eliminate mandatory source in favor of a more competitive market for Federal agency business. Because of these concerns, it is not surprising that industry and labor have joined Members of this body in seeking reform of Federal Prison Industries.  Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1829, the Federal Prison Industries Competition and Contracting Act of 2003, is a bipartisan solution to reform prison industries. This legislation would alter the way FPI does business by requiring that FPI compete for its business opportunities. Currently, all Federal agenciesmust purchase products offered by FPI, which is commonly referred to as FPI's ``mandatory source'' status. FPI, rather than the buying industry, currently determines if FPI's offered product and delivery schedule meet the needs of the buying agencies.  Now, just stop and think about that. There we have the manufacturer rather than the customer deciding whether or not the product and the delivery schedule meet the needs of the agency that is supposed to buy the product. That does not happen anyplace else in our economy. FPI, rather than the buying agency, determines the reasonableness of FPI's offered price.  Now, think about that again. There we have the seller saying this is the price you have to pay and the buyer has no choice but to pay that price. This is not the way the Federal Government should do business. And, it increases our Federal budget deficit.  This bill would gradually phase out the exclusive right of FPI to sell goods to Federal agencies by October 1, 2008. The bill also changes the manner in which FPI sells its products and services through the various Federal departments and agencies. During the phaseout period, FPI would be required to provide the agency with the product that meets its needs at a ``fair and reasonable price'' and in a timely manner.  H.R. 1829 would establish new competitive procedures for government procurement of products and services that are offered for sale by FPI. It would require that FPI sales to Federal agency customers be made through contracts won on a competitive basis for both products and services. Like other suppliers to the Federal Government, FPI would be required to fulfill its contractual obligations in a timely manner.  In order to ensure that inmates are not idle, there are provisions in the bill that provide funds for inmate rehabilitation and training. To address any concerns regarding prison safety and the safety of correctional officers, there are provisions in this legislation which allow the Attorney General to authorize mandatory source contracts for prisons where a safety risk exists.  These common sense approaches to reforming prison industries will allow FPI to continue operations, but will not allow it to continue to overcharge Federal agencies and American taxpayers, and it will not allow it to continue to have an unfair advantage over small business with a guaranteed contract, an unfair advantage that throws law-abiding, tax-paying citizens out of work. FPI will be able to compete with the private sector because it will still be able to pay subminimum wages and will not be required to provide health insurance or retirement benefits for its workers.  It is time to create a more balanced playing field for business and industry when it comes to government procurement and, at the same time, give our Federal agencies the ability to use taxpayer dollars in the most efficient manner possible.  The barriers to entry that mandatory source creates prevent the establishment of new businesses and new jobs. Reforming this program and eliminating mandatory source will help create jobs for law-abiding, tax-paying citizens.  Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  