Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood), who has been one of the principal motivators behind this legislation.  (Mr. LaHood asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. LaHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman of the full committee, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner), the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Delahunt), and our Senate colleagues, Mr. Hatch and Mr. Leahy, for their many, many hours of work.  I rise today as a supporter of the death penalty and an original cosponsor of the bill. In the 106th and 107th Congresses, I sponsored the Innocent Protection Act with my friend, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Delahunt), whom I have great admiration for. This bill, which is now included as section 3, includes the Innocence Protection Act.  I am a proponent of the death penalty, as a deterrent to violent crime, and this bill provides materials necessary to repair a flawed system, and we do have a flawed system. I believe those of us that support the death penalty have a responsibility to ensure it is applied fairly. As a just society, we must condemn the guilty, exonerate the innocent, and protect all Americans' fundamental right to truth. It is my belief that this legislation allows us to save the death penalty, to know that we are utilizing it in instances where we are confident of wrongdoing.  Mr. Speaker, we cannot afford one more innocent life to be lost due to inexperienced counsel or unprocessed DNA kits. We must permit inmates access to postconviction DNA testing to establish innocence and compensate those who have served time for crimes they did not commit.  In order to continue rightful punishment of the guilty, we must establish minimum standards for competency of counsel in capital cases. As long as innocent Americans are on death row, the guilty remain on our streets. This legislation would increase public confidence in our Nation's judicial system as it relates to the death penalty. Individuals have spent years on death row for crimes they did not commit, some within hours of execution. A death sentence is the ultimate punishment, and there must be 100 percent certainty of guilt. In protecting the innocent, we also make sure the guilty do not go free.  I applaud the chairman, I applaud the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Delahunt) and our Senate colleagues, and I ask Members to support this legislation.  