Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, this substitute amendment, I think, can probably be called the Madison County, Illinois, Judicial Protection Act of 2003, because what it does is it goes on for a long, long text, preserving essentially the status quo, and then throws a million dollars a year in for the next 2 fiscal years to have some kind of a study.  The most important sentence in the Sandlin amendment that demonstrates the author's true intent is tucked away in the middle of the legislation toward the top of page 8. For those Members who missed it, let me read this sentence to them: ``No pending class action may be consolidated without the approval of the State court judge handling the pending action.''  Let me tell my colleagues what this means. If you are a magnet State court judge and you want to keep running your class action factory, this bill will not affect you, because you do not approve any consolidation. You can continue to certify class action cases without considering the rules. You can continue to approve settlements, even if they do nothing for class members, even coupons. And you can continue to support the trial lawyers who got you elected to the bench.  It claims to offer better consumer provisions; but those provisions only apply to Federal court cases, of which there will be very few, if any, if this substitute is adopted. It is just a piece of paper for consumer protections. It claims to offer a proposal for consolidating State court class actions, but even if that proposal were constitutional, which it is not, it is completely discretionary. It claims to offer a proposal for transferring cases to Federal court, but it lets the State court judge where the suit was brought decide whether to take advantage of this procedure. This amendment is not worth the paper it is printed on.  The gentleman from Texas has given a few examples, and I think they came from a document that was originally circulated by the American Trial Lawyers Association. Let me respond to three of the examples he gave to show Members how much his bill misses the mark and ours addresses the problem. The Dow Chemical case he cited filed by Michigan residents alleging contamination at a Michigan plant likewise would not be affected by this bill. Because Dow and the proposed class members were all Michigan citizens, under our bill that suit would remain in State court.  The Tri-State Crematory cases actually present a perfect example of the benefits of our bill. Many Federal and State class actions have been filed in that matter. The Federal cases were consolidated in a multidistrict litigation proceeding where a Federal judge certified a class action in advance of any State court doing so. Finally, the TRG Marketing case, which is scattered amongst a number of State courts that are duplicating each other's work. Under our bill, all such cases would be removed to Federal court and handled by a single Federal judge. There is no reason to believe that consumers would fare worse under that scenario. Actually, under the substitute, duplicative litigation would end up being allowed, and the lawyers' meters are ticking. Studies show that State courts are much more likely to produce bad settlements, money for lawyers and no relief for consumers. And the Federal court would not be slower. Florida State court judges are each assigned four times the number of new cases annually than each Florida Federal court judge.  This amendment in the nature of a substitute is having the fox watch the hen house. The foxes are the plaintiffs' lawyers. They are the ones that the USA Today poll believes benefit disproportionately under this bill. It is time to send the fox packing. Defeat the substitute, pass the bill and the fox can go back to the woods.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  