Speaker, current law provides $267,494 to the survivors of public safety officers such as police officers, firefighters and rescue squad officers who die ``as the direct and proximate result of a personal injury sustained in the line of duty''. S. 459, the ``Hometown Heroes Survivor Benefits Act of 2003'', as introduced would provide that if a public safety officer dies as the direct and proximate result of a heart attack or stroke suffered while on duty or within 24 hours after participating in a training exercise or responding to an emergency situation, that officer shall be presumed to have died as the direct and proximate result of a personal injury sustained in the line of duty for purposes of that officer's survivors receiving a $267,494 death benefit.  The intent of the legislation was to cover officers who suffered a heart attack or stroke as a result of nonroutine stressful or strenuous physical activity; however, testimony at the hearing indicated that the legislation as drafted was overboard. Witnesses testified that the legislation as drafted would undermine the purpose of the Public Safety Officer Benefits program, which was intended to provide a benefit to heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty for their communities. As drafted, it would cover officers who did not engage in any physical activity but merely happened to suffer a heart attack at work.  A substitute amendment was introduced to address these concerns. The substitute amendment would create a presumption that an officer who died as a direct and proximate result of a heart attack or stroke died as a direct and proximate result of a personal injury sustained in the line of duty if: (1) that officer participated in a training exercise that involved nonroutine stressful or strenuous physical activity or responded to a situation and such participation or response involved nonroutine stressful or strenuous physical law enforcement, hazardous material response, emergency medical services, prison security, fire suppression, rescue, disaster relief or other emergency response activity; (2) that officer suffered a heart attack or stroke while engaging or within 24 hours of engaging in thatphysical activity; and (3) such presumption cannot be overcome by competent medical evidence.  For the purposes of this Act, the phrase ``nonroutine stressful or strenuous physical'' activity will exclude actions of a clerical, administrative or non-manual nature. Included in the category of ``actions of a clerical, administrative or non-manual nature'' are such tasks including, but not limited to, the following: sitting at a desk; typing on a computer; talking on the telephone; reading or writing paperwork or other literature; watching a police or corrections facility's monitors of cells or grounds; teaching a class; cleaning or organizing an emergency response vehicle; signing in or out a prisoner; driving a vehicle on routine patrol; and directing traffic at or participating in a local parade.  Such deaths, while tragic, are not to be considered in the line of duty deaths. The families of officers who died of such causes would therefore not be eligible to receive public safety officers benefits.  For the purposes of this Act, the phrase ``nonroutine stressful or strenuous physical'' actions will include, but are not limited to, the following: involvement in a physical struggle with a suspected or convicted criminal; performing a search and rescue mission; performing or assisting with emergency medical treatment; performing or assisting with fire suppression; involvement in a situation that requires either a high speed response or pursuit on foot or in a vehicle; participation in hazardous material response; responding to a riot that broke out at a public event; and physically engaging in the arrest or apprehension of a suspected criminal.  The situation listed above the types of heart attack and stroke cases that are considered to be in the line of duty. The families of officers who died in such cases are eligible to receive Public Safety Officers Benefits.  