Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 49, the Internet Tax Nondiscrimination Act. Over the last several years, the Internet has revolutionized commerce, become an economic engine and is a major source of information for Americans in virtually every segment of the population. It has expanded consumer choices, enhanced competition and enabled individuals as well as brick and mortar retailers to participate in a national marketplace once reserved to a privileged few.  In 1998, Congress passed the Internet Tax Freedom Act to facilitate the commercial development of the Internet, and in 2001 this body voted to extend the moratorium through this year. This act prohibits States from imposing multiple and discriminatory taxes on electronic commerce and shields consumers from new Internet access taxes. However, it does not exempt Internet retailers from collecting and remitting sales taxes to the States.  Introduced by the gentleman from California (Mr. Cox), H.R. 49 makes permanent the ban on taxes that target the Internet for discriminatory treatment as well as all taxes on Internet access by States and localities. This sound policy reflects the experience and insights gained over the last 5 years and represents the position of a wide bipartisan cosponsorship.  The Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law conducted a hearing on this bill in April. On July 16, the full Judiciary Committee reported the bill favorably by voice vote with one bipartisan amendment in the nature of a substitute offered by the subcommittee's ranking member, the gentleman from North Carolina, andits chairman, the gentleman from Utah. This amendment ensures that the original intent of the law, to provide tax freedom for all forms of Internet access, is preserved. I commend the gentleman from Utah and the gentleman from North Carolina for their work to clarify in this amendment that tax freedom must be tech neutral.  If H.R. 49 is not passed, Internet commerce will be subject to State and local taxes in thousands of jurisdictions. Failure to make the moratorium permanent could result in the imposition of a complex web of taxes that would create uncertainty for the information technology industry, a sector of the economy which can ill afford further setbacks.  Further, we must encourage equal participation in the digital age by keeping Internet access as affordable as possible. A recent survey confirmed that poorer Americans and those in rural or urban areas are most likely to cite cost pressures as a major reason why they would not avail themselves of the resources found online. Taxes on Internet access would only deepen the digital divide between those who have access to the Internet and those who do not. This bill has had virtually unanimous support in the Committee on the Judiciary and it has more than 130 bipartisan cosponsors. It is supported by the administration and has garnered the endorsement of numerous IT businesses and organizations.  Last Congress, the House and Senate passed a temporary extension of the moratorium by voice vote. These limited protections expire November 1 of this year. It is now time to make the benefits created by the moratorium permanent. Doing so will vitalize the IT economy, assist consumers and stimulate equal access to the invaluable resource that is the Internet.  I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  