Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the summary of the summary from the gentleman from New York (Mr. Nadler). I do not think anybody who supports this bill is in the mood to buy the Brooklyn Bridge. The city of New York has that as a tremendous asset and ought to keep it that way.  Seriously, if we look at the list of groups that support this legislation, practically every State retailer federation is in support of changing the bankruptcy laws. These are not banks, these are not credit card companies, these are the people who represent the mom-and-pop stores on the Main Streets in the cities and towns and villages of the United States of America. They are the ones that have to absorb a lot of the debt that is written off in bankruptcy. That means fewer jobs, itmeans higher prices, and it means a burden on the people who pay their bills as they have agreed to pay their bills.  What this bill does very simply is that for someone who is genuinely down and out and has no chance whatsoever of repaying their debt, it does not change the law at all. They are allowed to go through a Chapter 7 liquidation, get a discharge, and start out afresh. They do get some credit counseling that they do not have under the existing law, and this is counseling that would advise them of the consequences of bankruptcy, as well as advice on how to avoid getting into this pickle again. That credit counseling would go down if the bill goes down.  However, where there is a change in the law for personal bankruptcies are for the people who have the potential of repaying at least some of their debt during the next 5 years. I do not see anything wrong with that. If they can repay some of their debt during the next 5 years, that is their obligation. Why should they pass that debt on to people who pay 100 percent of their bills all the time?  So this is what the issue is. The substitute should be defeated, the bill should pass, and we should provide the essential reforms that have been negotiated out for the last 6 years on this issue.  I urge defeat of the substitute amendment.  