Speaker, I rise in support of the bill S. 877, as returned by theSenate with technical changes. I urge my colleagues to pass once more and send it on to the President.  The House of Representatives passed this legislation previously on November 21, 2003. The changes made herein to the language are not substantive departures from what previously passed the House, but are merely necessary to correct minor errors in the drafting to accurately reflect the will of Congress.  Taking the final legislative step today necessary to put into law a unified federal approach to the problem of unsolicited commercial email or ``spam'' represents an important moment in protecting children and the ``in-boxes'' of millions of Americans.  The bill provides consumers with more information and choices to stop receiving all forms of unwanted commercial email and provides federal and state officials and providers on Internet access with the tools to go after spammers. As I noted previously, the criminal provisions contained in this legislation are central to its purpose. In order to provide a credible deterrent against spamming, this legislation establishes enhanced criminal penalties for predatory spamming and provides law enforcement personnel far more authority to prosecute spammers whose electronic presence can shift with a keystroke.  I believe this legislation will take a bite out of spam and spammers, and it will have some effect in reducing the type and amount of spam that online users deal with today. However, it is not a panacea. In the midst of speaking about the positive things that S. 877 does, it is important to put all concerned on notice that no legislation, no matter how severe, can stop spam entirely. The most hard core group of problematic spammers already operate sometimes in defiance of multiple laws and it will take time and effort to track down even those within the reach of U.S. jurisdiction. Furthermore, policy makers should be wary of any ``soundbite'' legislative or regulatory approach to this problem that promises to end all spam--because such an approach would surely have drastic consequences for free speech and the legitimate forms of e-mail that consumers want and use.  Consumers and their Internet service providers can do far more to protect the nation's inboxes from unsolicited e-mail than any law that can be passed here or in state capitals. Already, consumers who take full advantage of existing firewalls, blocking software, and ``challenge/response'' protocols enjoy a dramatically reduced amount of spam--and many of these options are free or included in the package of services offered by their Internet access provider.  Ultimately, spam will be stopped by a combination of new technology, consumer awareness, ISP filtering, and trusted sender systems for legitimate senders of commercial e-mail--with laws and regulation merely setting the outer boundaries of illegitimate e-mail practices. In the interim, this legislation will help fill the gap. I encourage those plagued by unwanted e-mail today to take advantage of the practices and technologies that are proven to reduce spam as well as the remedies provided under this law and others.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the House today is sending the final version of this important anti-fraud and consumer protection measure on to the President, and the President has indicated he will sign the bill. I urge my colleagues to support the legislation.  