Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1086, the Standards Development Organization Advancement Act of 2003. Technical standards play a critical, but sometimes overlooked, role in fostering competition and promoting public health and safety. Without standards, there would be no compatibility among broad categories of alternative products and less confidence in a range of building, fire and safety codes that advance the public welfare.  Unlike most other countries, standards development is conducted by private, not-for-profit organizations in the United States. This approach reflects the fact that private organizations are better able to keep pace with the rapid pace of technological change. In 1996, Congress passed the National Technology Transfer and Advancement Act to encourage government agencies to assist in the development and adoption of private, voluntary standards wherever possible. While this legislation has encouraged government adoption of privately developed standards, it has also increased the vulnerability of standards-developing organizations to antitrust litigation. The frequency with which standards-developing organizations are named in lawsuits stifles their ability to obtain technical information, hampers their efficiency and effectiveness, and undermines the public benefits which they advance.  I introduced H.R. 1086 to address this problem. H.R. 1086 merely codifies the ``rule of reason'' for antitrust scrutiny of standards-development organizations, limits their civil antitrust liability to actual damages, and provides for the recovery of attorneys' fees to substantially prevailing parties in antitrust cases filed against these organizations.  However, H.R. 1086 does not automatically accord these protections to all standards-setting. These protections extend only to the standards-development organizations which disclose the nature and scope of their activities to the Department of Justice and to the Federal Trade Commission. In addition, this legislation applies to standards-developing organizations whose standards-setting process adheres to principles of openness, voluntariness, balance, cooperation, transparency, consensus, and due process. Finally, H.R. 1086 contains extensive notification requirements which ensure that all parties who may be affected by standard-developing activities are apprised of the scope and nature of these activities.  Mr. Speaker, while several people deserve credit for this legislation, I would like to personally recognize House Science Committee chief counsel Barry Beringer, whose hard work and dedication brought this legislation to the floor and bring credit to this House.  Mr. Speaker, I am also pleased that this legislation has attracted the cosponsorship of Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Conyers, as well as 12 of its members. In addition, H.R. 1086 continues the Judiciary Committee's bipartisan tradition of striking the proper balance between pro-competitive activity while ensuring the active role of Federal antitrust agencies in the promotion of competition in our market economy.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  