Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, not only does this amendment have the potential of tossing into the wastebasket many years of work by the Congress and by those who were contracted to do work on this issue by the Congress, but it also sets the unprecedented provision that allows an officer of the executive branch, the Attorney General, to wipe a law off the books. Article 1 of the Constitution gives the exclusive legislative authority in this country to the elected Congress of the United States, and Congress makes the laws; Congress amends the laws; and Congress repeals thelaws. And no officer of the executive branch should have the authority to make a determination that wipes the a law off the books. And that is what this amendment does. It gives the Attorney General of the United States, whether it be Mr. Ashcroft or one of his successors, the authority to actually change the statutes that have been passed by Congress. And for that reason alone, this amendment should be rejected.  But I would like to talk about the work that has been done on Prison Industries over the years. In public law 101-515, the Commerce, Justice, State Appropriations Act for fiscal year 1991, there was a 16-month review done under contract by Deloitte & Touche, 500 pages of reporting to Congress on study findings and recommendation and appendices. No action. Then there was a 2-year Federal Prison Industries summit process, from 1991 to 1993, that was led by the Brookings Institution and brought together all of the stakeholders to develop practical implementation strategies for the recommendations of the Market Survey just referred to. Nothing happened.  And then this has been studied and studied and studied. I have three recent General Accounting Office reports from 1998. Federal Prison Industries Limited Data Available on Customer Satisfaction, ignored because we did nothing. Federal Prison Industries Information on Product Pricing, ignored because we did nothing. Federal Prison Industries Delivery Performance is Improving but Problems Remain, ignored because we did nothing. And look at all the hearings that have been held in various committees of the Congress to reform Federal Prison Industries. Literally here almost ten inches of hearing transcripts that have been held before the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Small Business, the Committee on Education and the Workforce. And if we do not do anything to reform Prison Industries, all of the testimony that was given on the fact that this system is broken will be ignored.  The time has come for Congress to take some action, and this bill has been the result of infinite negotiations and compromises that have been made, improvements that have been made to the legislation, including amendments adopted here on the floor today. And for the gentlewoman from Texas to propose an amendment that says that all of this work can be abolished at the stroke of the pen of the Attorney General in 3 years really does no business to our doctrine of separation of powers, as well as to all of the work that the legislative branch has either done or sponsored. For this reason, this amendment should be overwhelmingly defeated.  