Speaker, I yield myself the balance of the time.  Mr. Speaker, the major argument that gets to the substance of this bill that the opponents have stated in the last hour is that the findings that Congress makes that are contained in H.R. 760 the Supreme Court will just completely ignore.  I will be the first to concede that the Supreme Court does not have to accept congressional findings, nor does the Supreme Court have to accept findings that have been made by lower courts either that reach their own conclusions; but there is a string of cases inthe last 20 years or so that have indicated that the Supreme Court will defer to congressional fact finding, and they have been highly and historically deferential to Congress's factual determination, regardless of the legal authority upon which Congress has sought to legislate, as the following case quotes demonstrate.  First, ``The fact that the Court is not exercising a primary judgment but sitting in judgment upon those who also have taken the oath to observe the Constitution and who have the responsibility for carrying on government compels the court to be particularly careful not to substitute our judgment of what is desirable for that of Congress, or our own evaluation of evidence for a reasonable evaluation by the legislative branch.'' That is Rostker v. Goldberg, 1981.  Second, ``It is for Congress, as the branch that made this judgment, to assess and weigh the various conflicting considerations. It is not for us to review the congressional resolution of these factors. It is enough that we be able to perceive a basis upon which the Congress might resolve the conflict as it did.'' Katzenbach v. Morgan, 1966.  Third, ``Here we pass on a considered decision of Congress and the President. We are bound to approach our task with appropriate deference to the Congress, a co-equal branch.'' Fullilove v. Klutznick, 1980.  Fourth, ``The Supreme Court 'must afford great weight to the decisions of Congress. The judgment of the legislative branch cannot be ignored or undervalued. When the Court faces a complex problem with many hard questions and few easy answers, it does well to pay careful attention to how the other branches of government have addressed the same problem.''' Columbia Broadcasting System v. The Democratic National Committee, 1973.  Fifth, ``Congress is far better equipped than the judiciary to amass and evaluate the vast amounts of data bearing upon an issue as complex and dynamic as that presented here.'' Turner Broadcasting System v. FCC, 1994.  Finally, ``We owe Congress' findings an additional measure of deference out of respect for its authority to exercise the legislative power.'' Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. v. FCC, 1997, which was the second case.  What the opponents of this bill are saying is they do not agree with the findings that are contained in H.R. 760. That is their right, and that is their prerogative; but if this bill passes, they are in the minority, and the majority who voted for this bill will have disagreed with their conclusion on those findings.  