 Madam Speaker, I think we ought to put this legislation into its proper perspective. First, yes, this bill expands the pilot program voluntarily to the 44 States where employers cannot get this information. But it is a voluntary program, and only those employers who choose to participate will participate. No employer will be forced to participate under this piece of legislation either in the 44 new States that are opened up or in the six existing States.  Secondly, there is nothing in this bill that expands the database or which is the precursor for a national identification card. Nothing whatsoever. I personally am strongly opposed to a national ID card and will not support any legislation that establishes a national ID card either through the front door or through the back door.  Thirdly, this legislation allows State and local governments to use the basic pilot program to access information that they can get from the Department of Homeland Security or the Social Security Administration through other means. It just makes it easier when a State and local government needs to get this information for them to get it. If we do not include this change in the law, then a private sector employer will be able to get the information in a much easier manner than our State and local governments. That does not make any sense at all.  Finally, let us look at what will happen if this bill is voted down. The basic pilot program will expire next month in the six States that have been using it for the last 6 years. That means that when it expires, those employers that have been using the basic pilot program for verification of the legal employment status of those people that they wish to hire will be forced to go back to paper documents. There are a lot of counterfeit paper documents out there. You can get them on the Internet, and you can get them on the street corner. But now in the State of California, an illegal alien can get a driver's license, which is one of the documents that is acceptable for employment verification status under the Immigration Reform Act of 1986. Thus, even a legitimate California driver's license would not verify the employment status of someone who presents that document, whether that person be a U.S. citizen, a permanent resident alien who has employment status, or an illegal alien who obtained a legal California driver's license as a result of the law that was signed by Governor Davis just a few weeks ago.  If this bill is voted down, we would go back to the bad old system of using documents as the exclusive way of establishing an applicant for a job's legal ability to be able to get that job under our immigration law. That would be a terrible tragedy.  I urge an ``aye'' vote.  