Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, my colleague from Wisconsin wants to stall FPI facing the music in being reformed by this amendment. And he cloaks his argument by saying there has to be a safety valve in case the reduction in work that FPI may or may not get as a result of having to compete, ends up causing a problem in prison safety.  The provision of the bill that the gentleman from Wisconsin proposes to strike does provide a safety valve, but it provides a safety valve where the ultimate determination is made by the Congress. In other words, we have to make a decision on whether the determination is a correct one or an incorrect one.  Let me outline what this amendment proposes to strike. It says, a finding by the Attorney General with respect to public safety within 60 days after the end of every fiscal year, which means by December 1, the Attorney General shall make a finding with respect to public safety and whether the reduction in the percentage of mandatory sourcing will have a likely effect on public safety during the next fiscal year.  The Attorney General's findings shall include a determination on whether such determination has resulted or is likely to result in a substantial reduction in inmate industrial employment and whether such reductions, if any, present a significant risk of adverse effects on safe prison operation or public safety.  If he finds that, he shall advise the Congress. And if he advises the Congress pursuant to this section, the Attorney General shall make recommendations for additional authorizations of appropriations to provide additional alternative inmate rehabilitative opportunities and additional correctional staffing as may be appropriate.  Now, what this means is that the Attorney General gets $75 million authorized every year to provide for additional rehabilitation and industrial employment within the prison. If the $75 million dollars is not enough or is not used effectively enough, then the AG has got to come back to Congress and say, okay, I either need more money, I need a change in the law, or I need more people to provide for more prison guards. And then the Congress can make this determination as a part of the ordinary authorization appropriations process.  The gentleman from Wisconsin's (Mr. Green) amendment is kind of a guillotine, the death penalty, if you will, because it says that if the AG finds a significant risk of adverse effects on either safer prison management or public safety, he shall so advise the Congress before the end of the fiscal year in which the finding is made and such finding shall, shall, not may, postpone for 1 year any further percentage limitation under the subsection e(1) and the transitional title which is under debate now.  Now, there are over 70 prisons that have got Federal prison industries programs. And the way the gentleman from Wisconsin's (Mr. Green) amendment is drafted is that if the Attorney General finds that there is a public safety problem in just one of those prisons, then FPI is able to continue doing business as usual for another year.  That is a stall. That is why this amendment should be rejected, and I hope it is rejected overwhelmingly.  