Speaker, both the U.S.-Chile and U.S.-Singapore Free Trade Agreements include several important provisions within the purview of the Judiciary Committee. Both agreements contain competition clauses that ensure antitrust laws are applied in a neutral, transparent, nondiscriminatory manner while safeguarding basic procedural rights. The agreements also contain robust intellectual property protections, requiring the governments of Chile and Singapore to take affirmative steps to eradicate the piracy of trademarks, patents, satellite television signals, and other forms of intellectual property. These intellectual property provisions are widely supported and are likely to serve as a model for future Free Trade Agreements. The intellectual property and antitrust provisions required no substantive changes to U.S. law.  For the last several years, I have vocally and repeatedly expressed concern about substantive changes to U.S. law contained in free trade agreements. Before passage of Trade Promotion Authority, immigration provisions were included in earlier free trade agreements such as NAFTA, without formal consultation with Congress. This regrettable practice created precedent for subsequent trade agreements, and immigration provisions were included in both the Chile and Singapore Free Trade Agreements before the elevated consultation requirements created by Trade Promotion Authority were enacted last year.  Mr. Speaker, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution gives Congress plenary authority over matters pertaining to immigration and naturalization. During the Judiciary Committee's ``mock markup'' of this legislation, I, Ranking Member Conyers, and several Members of the Committee spoke with a united bipartisan voice and declared that immigration provisions in future free trade agreements will not receive the support of the Judiciary Committee.  Following the markup, I and Ranking Member Conyers transmitted a letter to the United States Trade Representative that reaffirmed Congress' exclusive constitutional mandate to consider immigration law. An additional letter by other Members of the Committee and several Members of Congress echoing this bipartisan commitment was also sent to the Trade Representative.  Mr. Speaker, the Judiciary Committee's July 10th pre-introduction markup of this legislation was a ``mock markup'' in name only. At the markup, the Committee reported several substantive amendments to this legislation which were incorporated into the legislation we consider today.  First, while the draft implementing legislation created a separate visa category for skilled workers from Chile and Singapore, the Judiciary Committee amended the Immigration and Nationality Act to ensure that these visas--6,800 in total--are now deducted from the national H-1B cap at the time they are issued and when they are renewed after five or more prior extensions.  The Committee also reported an amendment to ensure that every second extension of temporary status for citizens of Chile and Singapore be accompanied by a new employer attestation to ensure that an employer updates the prevailing wage determination after each second application for extension. In addition, the Committee approved an amendment that requires an employer to pay a fee equal to that charged to an employer petitioning for H-1B visa status whenever a temporary entry visa is granted and after every second extension of that status.  Finally, H.R. 2738 and H.R. 2739 now explicitly state that an employer generally cannot sponsor an alien for an E, L, or H-1B1 visa if there is any labor dispute occurring in the occupational classification at the place of employment, regardless of whether the labor dispute is classified as a strike or lockout. In this regard, Title IV of both bills provides greater worker protection than that presently contained in the H-1B program.  The Committee's commitment to ensuring that its amendments were incorporated into the introduced bills we consider today dramatically enhanced the quality of the legislation and recaptured a crucial prerogative of Congress. It is my hope and expectation that the Judiciary Committee's clarion call over the last two weeks that immigration provisions be excluded from future trade agreements will be clearly received by this--and future--Administrations. Given the leadership of AmbassadorZoellick, his proven commitment to working with Congress on a cooperative and constructive basis that fully respects the constitutional prerogatives of this body, and the dedication and professionalism of his staff, I have great confidence that the will of Congress will not be ignored.  Mr. Speaker, reducing barriers to U.S. exports is crucial to restoring America's economic vibrancy. U.S. products containing intellectual property continue to lead America's exports, and it is incumbent upon this body to ensure that foreign governments stamp out the rampant piracy that costs America several billion dollars a year.  Strong safeguards in these agreements will ensure that the governments of Chile and Singapore create criminal sanctions to punish intellectual property theft with the seriousiness and severity that it demands. In addition, the antitrust provisions will ensure that these governments do not rely on the increasingly common foreign practice of manipulating antitrust laws to discriminate against United States businesses.  Mr. Speaker, the Chile and Singapore Free Trade Agreements contain critical market-opening provisions which will expand commercial opportunities for America's farmers and dairy producers, and ensure that the United States continues to lead the world in exports. These agreements also advance America's broader strategic interests by liberalizing trade with two key economic allies which serve as regional models for neighboring countries.  For the reasons I've outlined, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  