Speaker, the bill before the House today, H.R. 1463 contains several provisions that are within the jurisdiction of the House Committee on the Judiciary as provided in Rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives for the 108th Congress. The Committee on the Judiciary would normally proceed under regular order to examine legislation containing such provisions within our jurisdiction and take appropriate actions in Committee meetings.  However, the Bush Administration has maintained that there is a pressing need for this legislation's swift passage in order to provide first responders and other emergency personnel with all due encouragement and assurances to participate in ongoing smallpox vaccinations. Because of the exigent circumstances, the Committee on the Judiciary, like the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Education and the Workforce, has elected not to hold a hearing or markup on this legislation and has allowed it to proceed for consideration by the full House. The Committee's deferral of action should not be interpreted as any lack of jurisdiction over or interest in H.R. 1463.  The primary purpose of the bill is to establish a compensation program for emergency personnel directed to receive smallpox vaccines pursuant to authorities granted by the 107th Congress in legislation establishing a Department of Homeland Security. This new program is to be established under the Public Health Service Act and is to be under the direction and control of the Secretary of Health and Human Services. The bulk of the provisions in Section 2 of H.R. 1463 dedicated to establishing the new compensation program are outside the scope of the Judiciary Committee's jurisdiction.  However, H.R. 1463 also contains provisions related to judicial review of determinations made by the Secretary of HHS under the Act and provisions modifying existing statutes concerning the liability of the United States and remedies available under the Federal Tort Claims Act (Chapter 171 and section 1346(b) of Title 28 United States Code) for covered persons suffering injury resulting from smallpox vaccinations. These provisions are clearly within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary.  For example, Section 2 of H.R. __ adds new provisions titled ``(e) Review of Determination'' that affects the role of the courts and established review procedures mandated by the Administrative Procedures Act--both within the Committee's jurisdiction. Furthermore, Section 3 of H.R. 1463 amends 42 U.S.C. Sec. 233(p) to assume liability for the government relative to a new category of acts and omissions by those acting within the scope of their duties as part of the smallpox vaccination program. Section 3 of the bill also modifies the requirements for exhaustion of remedies, statute of limitations, offsets, and exclusivity of relief available for tort claims in federal district courts arising from smallpox vaccinations administered under a declaration by the Secretary of HHS. These provisions of H.R. 1463 are also clearly within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary.  If the Committee on the Judiciary had the luxury of unlimited time, we would certainly seek the normal referral of H.R. 1463 to examine these and other provisions further and consider any appropriate changes. However, as I stated earlier, the Administration has pleaded the need for swift passage and implementation of this new compensation program to encourage necessary smallpox vaccinations. The Administration and many of my colleagues believe that the importance of these vaccinations to the security of our homeland against biological attack outweighs considerations about the normal legislative process in this case. I do not dispute that assessment, and therefore as Chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary I have agreed that this bill should move forward in an expedited fashion without the normal review by our Committee.  