Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I support this resolution as a way to further increase awareness of sexual assault and recognize the important contributions of victims in various groups that combat sexual assault. The police, forensic workers, and prosecutors should be praised for their hard work and dedication to this fight.  Through recent advances in DNA technology, law enforcement agencies have developed the potential to identify the rapists in tens of thousands of unsolved rape cases. The work of these individuals to prosecute sexual assault cases and incarcerating the offenders makes all of us safer.  We must also recognize the work of victims, national and community organizations, private sector supporters, and the media in this area. These groups helped to increase public awareness and provide support for individuals affected by this dramatic experience. Public awareness is a vital tool in combatting the incidence of sexual assault. It is noteworthy that the rate of sexual assaults has decreased by half in the last decade.  This resolution also recognizes the plight of victims of sexual assault. Often, victims suffer emotional scars that remain long after the physical scars have healed. Free, confidential help is available to all victims of sexual assault through the National Sexual Assault Hotline, more than 1,000 rape crisis centers in the United States and other organizations that provide services to assist the victims of sexual assault.  Hopefully, public awareness of this issue will also help victims to recognize that they are not alone and encourage them to come forward and report the crime. Currently, less than 40 percent of the sexual assault victims pursue prosecution by reporting their attack to law enforcement agencies.  This resolution offers the support of this Congress and brings attention to this very important issue. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the individuals and organizations that dedicate themselves to combatting sexual assault.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  