Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1529, the Involuntary Bankruptcy Improvement Act of 2003, a bill I introduced earlier this year that addresses a very serious and possibly growing problem with respect to abuse of the judicial process by extremists and others.  Under current law, a debtor can voluntarily commence a bankruptcy case or be involuntarily forced into bankruptcy by one or more creditors. Although rarely used, an involuntary bankruptcy petition can be a useful creditor collection tool. It can preserve and maximize assets for the benefit of creditors and provide for the appointment of a bankruptcy trustee to investigate a debtor's financial affairs.  Unfortunately, tax protesters and other extremists are now resorting to filing fraudulent involuntary bankruptcy petitions against public officials and private individuals as yet another weapon in their arsenal of abusive litigation tactics, such as filing false liens.  Last year, for instance, a tax protester filed fraudulent involuntary bankruptcy petitions against 36 local public officials in my district in Wisconsin, including the county sheriff, the circuit judge, and nearly every member of the county board of supervisors. Some of these individuals only discovered that they were the subject of a pending involuntary bankruptcy case after their lines of credit were terminated or they were charged higher interest rates. Worse yet, an involuntary bankruptcy filing, as with most bankruptcy cases, is a matter of public record and can appear on an individual's credit report for up to 10 years even if the involuntary bankruptcy filing is fraudulent and the case is dismissed by the court.  As a result, innocent individuals continue to experience credit problems long after these abusive cases are dismissed. As the Hartford Courant reported last month, it sometimes takes years for corrections to be made to a person's credit report. As a result, the individual may potentially be forced to pay higher interest rates until the proper steps can be taken to fix their credit report.  While abusive bankruptcy filings are not pervasive, they have occurred in various districts across the Nation. According to an informal survey conducted by the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and the National Conference of Bankruptcy Clerks, fraudulent involuntary bankruptcy cases have recently been filed in California, Ohio, Maine, Nebraska, and North Carolina. Organizations such as the Anti-Defamation League and the National District Attorneys Association have expressed concern that this litigation tactic may become even more widespread.  H.R. 1529 responds to the serious problems presented by abusive involuntary bankruptcy filings in two respects:  First, it amends the Bankruptcy Code to require the bankruptcy court, on motion of the debtor, to expunge all records relating to a fraudulent involuntary bankruptcy case from the court's files under certain conditions.  Second, it authorizes the bankruptcy court to prohibit all credit reporting agencies from issuing a consumer report containing any reference to a fraudulent involuntary bankruptcy case where the debtor is an individual and the court has dismissed the petition.  This bill offers great forward but very much-needed relief to innocent victims of abusive involuntary bankruptcy petitions. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  