Speaker, I rise in support of this bill.  This bill is about changing attitudes in America's prisons and in America as a whole. In our country, prison rape occurs frequently, but unfortunately it is often viewed as a fact of prison life. We know these crimes are occurring, but most people would really rather not discuss this unpleasant topic.  Unpleasant as it may be, prison rape is a serious problem that harms prisoners and also effects our communities. This problem is brought to bear on our communities through higher health costs for increased HIV and tuberculosis in prisons. It is brought to bear on our communities by the emotional and psychological problems it creates in the prisoners who will one day be released back into society. This Congress has decided enough is enough. It is time for us to stop ignoring this problem.  S. 1435 as offered on the floor today represents a bipartisan effort to address this problem in a meaningful way and bring some accountability into America's prisons and jails. It is intended to make prevention and prosecution of sexual assault within correctional facilities a priority for Federal, State and local institutions and require the development of national standards for detection, prevention, reduction, and punishment of these incidents. S. 1435 will help to eliminate prison rape in a number of ways.  First, this legislation will require the Department of Justice, for the first time, to collect data and statistics on the incidence of prison rape. For the first time we will be collecting information on an annual basis to determine the extent of this problem. This is the first step in our effort to address this problem.  Additionally, the legislation requires the Attorney General to develop national standards on the prevention and prosecution of prison rape.  A state that receives Federal funds for prisons and jails will need to comply with these national standards or shift 5 percent of its funds from the Federal Government for its prisons to comply with the standards.  Finally, this legislation will establish a new grant program for the Attorney General to make one year grants to State and local governments to prevent, investigate, and punish prison rape or to help in addressing prisoner and community safety issues in states facing budget crises.  Before closing, I would note that this legislation is substantively identical to H.R. 1707, introduced by Congressman Wolf, and reported by the Judiciary Committee earlier this month. I believe this legislation will go a long way towards eliminating this very serious safety issue in our prisons and I urge my colleagues to support it.  