Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, since the beginning of Operation Iraqi Freedom and the news that 10 members of our Armed Forces who died in combat were not U.S. citizens, several bills have been introduced to either ease the naturalization requirements of legal permanent residents in the Armed Forces or to provide immigration benefits to the surviving family members of those killed in service to America, or both.  We can never adequately express our gratitude to those noncitizen members of our military who made the ultimate sacrifice, but we can bring reasonable changes to the naturalization process for other permanent resident service members willing to make the same sacrifice and to provide immigration benefits to family members of those who died.  The Committee on the Judiciary has worked closely with those who have introduced bills on this issue, including the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Hastings), the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Frost), the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Jones), the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Solis), the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Gutierrez), and the gentleman from California (Mr. Issa), as well as the ranking member, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers) and Subcommittee on Immigration, Border Security, and Claims ranking member, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee), to come up with a bipartisan compromise bill.  In addition, six Members not on the Committee on the Judiciary testified at a hearing before the Subcommittee on Immigration, Border Security, and Claims regarding their legislation.  H.R. 1954, the Armed Forces Naturalization Act is a consensus bill in which I have done my best to address the concerns of the other interested Members and to balance competing priorities. I am grateful that the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee) have signed on as original cosponsors.  Not every Member got everything they wanted in this bill, but each of the Members we consulted with got something that they wanted. As a result, we have a bill that should easily be able to pass the House with support from Members with widely varying views on immigration who all want to honor the service to our country of permanent residents in the Armed Forces.  H.R. 1954 reduces the military service requirement to apply for naturalization during peacetime from 3 years to 1 year. Some of the earlier bills reduced the requirement to 2 years and another bill reduced it to zero years. One year is an obvious compromise.  It lowers the required years of service while maintaining the requirement that a military member must still establish their worthiness for expedited naturalization through a period of honorable military service during peacetime. For soldiers, this bill also waives the fees for the naturalization petition or naturalization certificate, along with related State fees and waives the fees for the posthumous citizenship application. This will ease the financial burden for military members who perform an outstanding service for our country and receive little money in return.  The bill permits the revocation of citizenship if a person is separated from the Armed Forces under other than honorable conditions before the person has served honorably for 5 years in either peacetime or wartime. In addition to the 5-year military revocation, an alien would remain subject to denaturalization at any time if, for example, the alien committed fraud to gain citizenship or the underlying green card.  I would also add that this bill does not allow for the naturalization or acquisition of permanent resident status to undocumented aliens.  H.R. 1954 would require the Departments of Homeland Security, State and Defense to ensure that naturalization applications, interviews, filings, oaths and ceremonies are available to the maximum extent practicable at U.S. embassies, consulates and military installations. Currently, a soldier must be physically present in the United States to file a naturalization application, to be interviewed for the application and to take the oath of citizenship. This requirement causes some soldiers who are stationed outside the United States to leave their post abroad and to return the United States at their own expense. This is both expensive and causes unnecessary interruption in their military service.  The bill would also permit surviving immediate family members of both military members who are U.S. citizens before death and immigrant military members who are granted citizenship posthumously to apply for immigration benefits as if the military family member had not died. Under current law, family members of posthumous citizens cannot apply for immigration benefits through the posthumous citizen. This bill would permit the spouse, the children and certain parents to do so.  Under current law, a lawful permanent resident spouse of a U.S. citizen may apply for naturalization in 3 years instead of 5 years. If the U.S. citizen spouse happens to be in the military and dies during military service, the lawful permanent resident spouse may apply for naturalization immediately rather than wait 3 years.  H.R. 1954 extends this immediate eligibility for naturalization to lawful permanent resident spouses of military members who gain U.S. citizenship posthumously.  Finally, the bill would waive the affidavit of support/public charge ground of inadmissibility for family members applying for adjustment of status. If the military member was the breadwinner, we elected not to penalize the immediate relative because their means of support died during service to our country.  I urge my colleagues to support this carefully crafted and broadly supported compromise bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  