Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, introduced by the gentleman from California (Mr. Issa), House Resolution 234 condemns bigotry and violence against individuals of Arab, Muslim, South Asian and Sikh-Americans dissent. It was introduced in response to concerns about an increase in discriminatory backlash crimes following the commencement of military action in Iraq in March 2003. Specifically, House Resolution 234 recognizes the many contributions of Arab-, Muslim-, South Asian-, and Sikh-Americans to our culture and society, calls upon law enforcement authorities to work to vigorously prevent, investigate and prosecute discriminatory backlash crimes, and reaffirms the House of Representatives' commitment to assuring that the civil rights and civil liberties of all Americans are protected.  The weeks and months following the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, saw a significant increase in the number of crimes committed against those perceived to be of Arab- Muslim-, South Asian-, and Sikh-American dessent. Take, for example, the FBI's hate crime statistics for 2001. According to this report, the number of anti-Islamic incidents grew 1,600 percent between 2000 and 2001 taking such incidents from the second-least reported category of reported religious-bias incidents in 2000 of the second-highest reported category of religious-bias incidents in 2001.  The oversight work of the Subcommittee on the Constitution has revealed a significant effort on the part of the Department of Justice to address this alarming increase in discriminatory backlash crimes. Shortly after the September 2001 terrorist attacks, former Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division, Ralph Boyd, instructed the U.S. Department of Justice, Civil Rights Division's National Origin Working Group to help combat violations of federal civil rights laws involving individuals perceived to be of Arab-, Muslim-, South Asian-, or Sikh-American origin.  Specifically, the Working Group now receives reports of violations based upon national origin, citizenship status, and religion; conducts outreach to vulnerable communities; and works with other Civil Rights Division components and governmental agencies to ensure accurate referral, effective outreach, and provision of services to victims of civil rights violations.  In addition, the Civil Rights Division continues to spearhead the criminal investigations and prosecutions of hundreds of backlash crimes. In April, Attorney General John Ashcroft announced that approximately 400 incidents of backlash discrimination have been investigated since September 2001 by the Civil Rights Division, the FBI and the U.S. Attorneys' Offices. Of these investigations, approximately 70 State and local criminal prosecutions were initiated and Federal charges were brought in ten cases. It is my hope that the Civil Rights Division continues to vigilantly investigate and prosecute those crimes.  Similar to House Concurrent Resolution 227, which was approved by the House just days after the terrorist attacks of 2001, House Resolution 234 will again express this body's appreciation for the contributions of Arab-, Mus-lim-, South Asian-, and Sikh-Americans to the Nation and condemnation of all actions of bigotry and violence towards such individuals. I applaud the gentleman from California (Mr. Issa) for his leadership on this issue and urge my colleagues to strongly support this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  