Speaker.  Mr. Speaker, our Nation suffered a tragic loss on Saturday, when seven astronauts were killed in the shuttle Columbia's demise. We will long mourn that sad day and pray for the families of the astronauts. These men and women are true heroes who put their lives at risk for the betterment of mankind.  Today, we come together as a legislative body to remember these brave astronauts and to express our condolences to their families and friends. My thoughts and prayers and those of my family are with the loved ones of the international crew of the Columbia.  I can especially sympathize with the family of Dr. Laurel Clark, a Wisconsin native. A graduate of the University of Wisconsin, a loving mother and wife, and a first-time space voyager, Dr. Laurel Clark will be sorely missed.  In the coming weeks, as our shock and disbelief subside, many questions will emerge: How did this accident happen? Could it have been prevented? Should the space program continue in the face of tragedy?  Clearly, America must work to find the answers. I commend the men and women of NASA for all that they have done in the aftermath of this tragedy. As we did 17 years ago after the Challenger accident, a thorough and timely investigation must be conducted to find any problems, fix them, and move on.  However, America must not let these events derail the progress that the space program has made and will continue to make. Already, NASA's research has unveiled numerous secrets about our planet and the universe beyond. Abandoning the space program would mean giving up on valuable research that could lead us to the discovery of cures for deadly diseases or other major scientific breakthroughs.  We must not abandon these goals and let these brave astronauts' deaths be in vain. Instead, we should keep their memories with us as we continue to explore the potential benefits that lie in space. After all, it was in pursuit of these noble goals that seven astronauts gave their lives last Saturday.  