Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, by way of background, Congress enacted the Executive Salary Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act in 1975 which was intended to give judges, Members of Congress and high-ranking executive branch officials automatic COLAs accorded other Federal employees unless rejected by Congress. In 1981, Congress amended the statute by enacting section 140 of Public Law 97-92, which requires a specific congressional authorization to grant judges a COLA.  Mr. Speaker, the legislation before us is based on the template set forth in H.R. 16, now Public Law 108-6, which the House passed back in January and the President signed in February. H.R. 16 satisfied the section 140 requirement and thereby enabled judges to receive a COLA for this past fiscal year. H.R. 3349 accomplishes the same purpose for fiscal year 2004.  One final point, Mr. Speaker. The House will recall that Congress passed the Ethics Reform Act in 1989 to address the issue of Federal public service compensation. The mechanism for raising judicial salaries under the Act is premised on congressional action following a Presidential recommendation. A key feature of the 1989 law, however, was, and still is, that certain Federal judicial salaries are effectively linked to those of Senators and House Members as set forth in a statutory pay schedule for executive officials. In other words, the Federal judges cannot receive a pay raise unless Congress is willing to increase its own compensation along with that of various executive branch officials.  I do not believe that Congress should deviate from this construct by raising the salaries of life-tenured judges by nearly $25,000, as the Senate version of the Commerce-Justice-State appropriations bill would do. Along with many of our colleagues and other interested parties, I am not convinced that Federal judges work harder or have greater responsibility than Members of Congress or executive branch officials.  I believe in fairness, Mr. Speaker, and that is why I introduced H.R. 3349, to ensure that Federal judges receive a COLA when other civil servants, including Members of Congress, receive theirs. I otherwise maintain that neither Congress nor the third branch is entitled to a massive pay raise at this point, and I would urge the House appropriators to reject any attempt toraise judicial salaries by deviating from the parameters set forth in the Ethics Reform Act.  To conclude, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3349 will assist in the administration of justice in our Federal courts and is otherwise noncontroversial and urge its adoption.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  