Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), the majority leader.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman bringing this bill to the floor.  Mr. Speaker, as I have watched the debate, and it has been a good debate, what I have heard from the proponents of the substitute are two factors.  One is that this is unconstitutional, theirs is constitutional, and they have made a decision for the courts. I did not come to the House to make a decision for the courts. I came to the House to pass very strong, important legislation and then to fight in the courts for my position. I do not let the courts decide what direction I go. I do not make those decisions in this Chamber. If Members want to make decisions for the courts, then go down to the White House and get a nomination from the President.  The second is that their amendment will end late-term abortions, as if they are more pro-life than the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde). It is amazing to me. If we took this substitute and put it out here freestanding as a bill, which we may get the opportunity to do, they would vote against it and their outside groups, their pro-abortion groups and pro-choice groups, would be rallying outside these doors against their substitute.  So, Mr. Speaker, we have, though, a chance today to make the world a little less cruel for the defenseless. Opponents of this bill have condemned it to the top of their lungs, but we will not mistake volume for veracity. Despite the howls of extremism, all this bill really says is that even in this violent world, we can still tell the difference between right and wrong. We can still recognize that the inhumanity of this procedure has no place in a moral society. We can still recoil at brutality.  We should set aside the politics for a moment and just close our eyes and try to imagine what it is we are talking about. Think of the grip of the doctor's hand, like a vice, pulling a frightened baby, pulling on a frightened baby's legs out of the womb and into the world. Think of the frantic wriggling of that little body in that gloved hand. Think of that moment of pure terror when those sanitized scissors puncture the baby's neck. Then ask yourself, is this the best that we can do for unborn children, however unwanted; for pregnant women, however desperate; for the American people, however divided?  How can anyone think so? After all, women do not ask for partial-birth abortions. No, its violence is unleashed for the convenience of the doctor, not the health of the patient. Women who undergo the procedure run the risk of infection, future pregnancy difficulties, and infertility. Yet its defenders tell us that this cruel, dangerous, and medically unnecessary procedure is essential to the well-being of American women.  Mr. Speaker, it is just not true, but it is an untruth we will not have to bear or hear again after today. After 8 long years and many partial-birth abortions, Congress will finally send the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act of 2003 to a President who is willing to sign it.  When he does, abortion will still be with us. The debate over the rights of the unborn will continue and new battles will be fought. But in the meantime, in the meantime, the American people will take this one stand, this one stand on behalf of the innocent, to tame the savageness of man and to make gentle the life of this world.  Take that stand with them now. Vote against this substitute and vote for the bill.  