Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood).  Mr. LaHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of this resolution and congratulate the gentleman from California (Mr. Issa), who could not be here this afternoon for consideration of the resolution. I know it was his idea to have this resolution offered. As someone who represents a district with alarge Arab American population, I can tell my colleagues that they contribute mightily to our community in so many different ways.  My grandparents came to Peoria, Illinois, in 1895 from a region of Lebanon and settled in Peoria; and as a result of their being the first Lebanese Americans to settle in our neck of the woods, they were able to persuade others to come over. In those days, I am sure they were not known as Arab Americans. They were known as immigrants who came to America seeking the American Dream, and I think that has been true for decades of Arab Americans who have come to this country and contributed an awful lot to our society and contributed a lot to the growth of our country and the stability of our country.  It was not till 9/11, I think, until maybe people had a different point of view about Arab Americans and also perhaps Muslims; but these people have contributed so much, and I think it is important for Congress to speak out in a way that says that these folks are good Americans, they are good citizens. They contribute a great deal to our country.  I might make note, too, of the fact that there are Arab Americans serving in this body, including the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Rahall), the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. John), John Sununu who once served in the House and now is in the other body, and of course, the gentleman from California (Mr. Issa), and also in the administration Spencer Abraham who was also a member of the other body. So not only have Arab Americans contributed a great deal to the country and to the greatness of this country but have contributed also to the great body that we call the House of Representatives and to the other body.  So I think it is worth noting the contribution of Arab Americans and the fact that 9/11 has made a little different way of life for them and that Congress recognizes their contribution; and I appreciate the fact that this resolution recognizes that and appreciate the fact that the chairman has allowed me to recognize their contributions.  I thank the chairman for his indulgence.  