Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the House-modified version of Senate 877, and wish to thank my fellow chairman, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin), as well as the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey) in working out this compromise which deals with a very vexatious question, and I think provides a win/win situation for everybody except the few bad actors that flood the electronic media with spam.  The Internet has revolutionized commerce and communications by permitting businesses to reach consumers in a digital, global marketplace and has allowed individuals to communicate through the speed and convenience of electronic mail. Unfortunately, the massive growth of unsolicited e-mail or ``spam'' now threatens to kill the utility of this popular media. Last year over 6 trillion e-mails were transmitted. Today, almost half of those e-mails are unsolicited or unwanted.  Commercial e-mail is good, and a necessary and valuable component of electronic commerce. It allows legitimate businesses to customize offers of products and services and transmit them immediately to customers.  However, the same features that make e-mail a valuable commercial tool also lead to its abuse by spammers. Once a portable to the global network is obtained, sending e-mail is instantaneous and virtually costless. There are no stamps in cyberspace, no per-message cost, not even a post office. The costs of delivery are borne more by the recipient and the transmission network than by the sender. The exponential growth of spam and the advancing sophistication of efforts to block it threaten to turn the information superhighway into a nightmare for every info-commuter and parent.  Like other means of communication, e-mail can be used to cheat, defraud, and deceive consumers and also has been used to distribute computer viruses that have caused millions of dollars in economic damages. Unscrupulous spammers have transformed electronic inboxes and the Internet into virtual minefields strewn with lewd and pornographic images and solicitations, imperiling a medium that can serve as a critical learning tool for children.  I am pleased to support this version of Senate 877, which is substantially similar to H.R. 2214 introduced by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin) and myself earlier this year. I believe it will provide a remedial enforcement mechanism that private, regulatory, and individual State action cannot.  The criminal provisions contained in this legislation are central to its purpose and to its effectiveness. In order to provide a credible deterrent to spammers, this legislation enhances criminal penalties for predatory spamming, and provides law enforcement personnel far more authority to prosecute spammers whose electronic presence can shift with a keystroke.  The bill provides significant criminal penalties for the most egregious spammers by making it a crime to intentionally falsify the identity of the sender or disguise the routing and source information of e-mails. Other spammer tactics made criminal under this bill include the hijacking protected computers to send spam from the addresses of unsuspecting Internet users.  The House modification of S. 877 also provides for much higher penalties andmore effective civil and criminal enforcement against spammers who send unwanted sexually explicit materials. This bill even requires special labels for this most offensive category of e-mail. The gentlewoman from Pennsylvania (Ms. Hart) deserves special recognition for her work to get this provision into law.  Overall, the bill provides consumers with more information and choices to stop receiving all forms of unwanted commercial e-mail while providing law enforcement officials and providers of Internet access with the tools to go after spammers.  While S. 877 accomplishes these vital goals, there are some activities that it deliberately does not reach. Specifically, the legislation concerns only commercial and sexually explicit e-mail and is not intended to intrude on the burgeoning use of e-mail to communicate for political, news, personal and charitable purposes.  Moreover, this legislation, while preempting State spam specific laws with a uniform national standard, also preserves a role for State law enforcement officials to help combat this growing electronic menace. The bill also allows for State laws that deal with fraud and computer crimes to remain in effect. However, there is specific language in the bill limiting this authority to law enforcement officials or agencies of the State, and it is not the intent of Congress to allow outsourcing of this truly State function to the plaintiff's bar.  The House-modified legislation also contains other necessary amendments to the bill passed by the other body and reflects a thoughtful, bipartisan and bicameral approach to address the growing scourge of spam while preserving and promoting the commercial vitality of the Internet. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  