Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, the debate on whether or not human embryos should be cloned is one that goes across religious lines, it goes across philosophical lines, and it goes across political lines; and I certainly can respect those who come down on the other side of this piece of legislation. But this amendment in the nature of a substitute is the equivalent of a political knuckle ball thrown into the debate on whether or not human embryos should be cloned.  In June of 1997, President Clinton's National Bioethics Advisory Committee issued its report entitled ``Cloning Human Beings.'' I referred to this in the general debate, but I want to refer to this again because this is the crux of the argument against the Greenwood substitute. The executive summary of President Clinton's blue ribbon commission states in part: ``The commission began its discussions fully recognizing that any effort in humans to transfer a somatic cell nucleus into an enucleated egg involves the creation of an embryo with the apparent potential to be implanted in utero and developed to term.''  The whole question around the Greenwood substitute amendment is how to police the cloned human embryos once they are created. Sure, some of them may be used for purposes that the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Greenwood) described in his eloquent opening statement, but others can be implanted in utero and be developed to term. And what does the government do in that case when somebody for whatever purpose they want to announces that they have developed a cloned human being?  This substitute is a big mistake for a number of reasons, and it should not be supported. Most notably it would make the prohibitions against human cloning virtually impossible to enforce, as I have just described. It would foster the creation of cloned human embryos through the Department of Health and Human Services, an agency of the Federal Government; and it would trump States that wish to prohibit cloning. As I have already stated, allowing the creation of cloned embryos by law would enable anyone to attempt to clone a human being. While most individuals do not have the scientific capacity to clone human embryos, once they have been cloned, there has been no mechanism for tracking them and to determine what use those cloned human embryos are being put to. In fact, one would logically expect an organization to authorize the cloned human embryos pursuant to this substitute to be prepared to produce an abundance of cloned embryos for research. Meanwhile, those without the capabilities to clone human embryos could easily implant any one of the legally cloned embryos if they had the opportunity and a child would develop.  The fact is any legislative effort in order to be effective to prohibit cloning must allow enforcement to occur before the cloned embryo is implanted. Otherwise, it is too late, and that is the big deficiency of the Greenwood substitute. The substitute attempts to draw a distinction between necessary scientific research in human cloning by authorizing the Department of Health and Human Services to administer a quasi-registry, quasi because the embryos are not in the custody of HHS. They are maintained by private individuals. However, let us be clear that the crux of this substitute is to invoke a debate on stem cell research. A political knuckle ball in this debate on stem cell research is a red herring.  Just read the bill. First, therapeutic cloning does not exist, not even for experimental tests on animals. Second, the substitute would require authorized researchers to destroy unused embryos, the first Federal mandate of its kind and a step that is extremely controversial. Third, H.R. 534 within its text allows for research using stem cells. Again, the bill does not prohibit stem cell research, notwithstanding the allegations by those who are opposed to it.  Currently, private organizations are able to conduct unfettered research on embryonic stem cells. Further, in August 2001, President Bush announced that Federal funds could be used for research on existing stem cell lines. H.R. 534 would do nothing to hinder that research.  The bill would also not affect research using adult stem cells. Adult stem cells are the other area of stem cell research which is much less controversial and which has been successful in over 45 clinical trials. In fact, adult stem cells have been utilized to treat multiple sclerosis, bone marrow disorders, leukemia, anemia, and cartilage defects, and immuno-deficiency in children.  Adult stem cells have been extracted from bone marrow, blood, skeletal muscle, the gastrointestinal tract, the placenta, and brain tissue to form bone marrow, bone, cartilage, tendon, muscle, fat, liver, brain, nerve, blood, heart and other cells. H.R. 534 would not interfere with this work. It would not interfere with this work. But it prohibits the production of cloned embryos. It is a cloning bill, not a stem cell research bill.  Fourth, the substitute prohibits States from adopting laws that prohibit or more strictly regulate cloning within their borders. It is a Federal preemption. Try telling any of our constituents that they cannot ban human cloning through their State legislatures and I will tell you they will disagree.  Finally, Mr. Chairman, the substitute contains a 10-year sunset provision. If this were to be enacted, Congress would have to go through this debate once again before the sunset occurs. The ethical and moral objections to human cloning will not change 10 years from now or 50 years from now or forever. However, the proponents of human cloning will continue to fightfor their right to produce human clones in America, and authorizing a subsequent ban on human cloning could become even more controversial.  That is why Members on both sides of the aisle should rise in opposition to the substitute, defeat it, and pass H.R. 534.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  