Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, in the last few years, we have had to make a lot of adjustments in security for our Nation's airports, government buildings, and ports. We have recognized that this heightened security is necessary to protect the United States from terrorist threats. However, even before the events of September 11, 2001, Members of Congressrecognized the possibility of threats from terrorists, both from within and without our borders.  In 1988, Congress passed a ban on undetectable firearms to prevent the manufacture, sale, importation, shipping, possession, transfer, or receipt of firearms that could not be detected by metal detectors or x-ray machines. Since passengers are not permitted to bring firearms on to planes and individuals cannot bring firearms into government buildings, it only makes sense that we ensure that the firearms purchased in this country are detectable by the security machines in those places.  The Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988 provided a sunset on the ban after 10 years to take into account any changes in technology of security machines or firearms. The ban was extended in 1998 for an additional 5 years, and H.R. 3348 would extend this ban for an additional 10 years. The penalties will remain the same: any violation of the ban is punishable by a fine or imprisonment up to 5 years.  It is easy to see why this ban, now more than ever before, must be extended. This is not the time to put our Nation's airports in jeopardy by allowing individuals to pass through security with undetected firearms. Plastic firearms, which are real guns that can do real harm, can breach this security. We can prevent that by prohibiting the manufacture of plastic firearms in the first place, and that is what this bill does.  I would point out that both the National Rifle Association and the U.S. Department of Justice support this legislation. I would like to read into the Record a letter which I received 2 days ago from Chuck Cunningham, director of Federal affairs for the NRA:       Dear Chairman Sensenbrenner: On behalf of our 4 million      members, I am writing to express our support for H.R. 3348,      your legislation to extend the sunset of the restriction of      undetectable firearms.       ``It is very important to be absolutely clear about the      history of this legislation. When originally passed in 1988,      the Undetectable Firearms Act did not ban any existing      firearm. The extension of this restriction would also not      prohibit any firearm in production today. This legislation      was and still is purely preventive. The sunset provision was      included as a way to balance the possible future development      of nonmetallic firearms against likely improvements in      detection technology. The statute also allows the executive      branch to reduce restrictions under the bill to adapt to      those changes.       ``Based on the current state of firearms and detection      technology, we believe that a straight 10-year extension is      an appropriate way to allow continued flexibility, while      removing the issue beyond current political debates. Please      let me know if we can be of assistance in the speedy passage      of this legislation.  This is signed, ``Charles H. Cunningham, Director of Federal Affairs'' for the National Rifle Association.  I believe that this is commonsense legislation. I urge my colleagues to support it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  