Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman from Texas asked why we have to have restrictions on downward departures, and I will give her one example.  In the case of the United States v. Robert Parish, a defendant who was convicted of possession of child pornography. He was in possession of 1,300 images of child pornography, some of which depicted graphic violent sexual exploitation of very young children. He got a downward departure.  The majority of those 1,300 child pornography images which he possessed depicted adolescent girls, including one in which a very young girl, wearing a dog collar around her neck, is having sexual intercourse with an adult male. The defendant was also in the midst of communicating on line with a 15-year-old female high school student when, thankfully, he was arrested.  Now, what happened when he was convicted? The sentencing guidelines have a range of 33 to 41 months imprisonment for a conviction of those crimes. The trial court gave him 8 months. The trial court found that the defendant's conduct was outside the typical heartland of these types of cases, and that the defendant was susceptible to abuse in prison. The trial court felt that the combination of factors, including the defendant's ``stature,'' ``demeanor,'' ``naivete,'' and the nature of the offense justified the departure from the minimum of 33 months in the guidelines to just 8 months.  This is why we have the restriction on downward departures for sex crimes in this bill.  Now, I am a bit puzzled that the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee) is complaining about the fact that we provide for a de novo review of downward departures for all crimes, not just crimes against children, but all crimes. When this legislation was originally debated on March 27, she voted in favor of it, and I introduced in the Congressional Record a letter signed by a majority of the members of the Congressional Black Caucus who were in office at the time asking the Clinton Justice Department, headed by Attorney General Janet Reno, to seek a de novo review of the downward departure that the trial judge gave to Stacey Koon, who is the police officer who was convicted of violating the civil rights of Rodney King.  Fortunately, that passed and that is included in this legislation. What we are doing in this legislation on de novo review is exactly what the next speaker, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters), and those who cosigned this letter, asked the Clinton Justice Department to do.  Now, unfortunately, the Supreme Court of the United States, in the case of Koon v. United States, decided that there could only be a review on appeal of a departure from the sentencing guidelines based upon abuse of discretion by the trial judge. We overturn that part of the Koon v. U.S. ruling and allow for de novo review on appeal. Sometimes, maybe, if you ask for something too much, you might get it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  