Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Watt) graduated from one of the finest law schools in the country. His speech just concluded and his amendment showed that he learned his constitutional law well from Professor Robert Bork, who is one of the outstanding constitutional scholars in the country. The only difference between the Watt substitute amendment and the constitutional amendment introduced by the gentleman from California (Mr. Cunningham) is the words ``not inconsistent with the first article of amendment to this Constitution.''  What his amendment does is constitutionally codify the Johnson and Eichman decisions that said that flag desecration is protected free speech by the first amendment to the United States Constitution. So the gentleman from North Carolina's qualifying phrase is legislative sleight of hand that will prevent any future Supreme Court from deciding they made a mistake in the Johnson decision and in the Eichman decision. For that reason and for that reason alone, this amendment should be rejected, because it does the exact opposite to what the gentleman from California and his cosponsors are attempting to do in House Joint Resolution 4. It writes into the Constitution Supreme Court decisions that a vast majority of the American public believe were erroneously decided.  Never before has Congress tried to do this. I just thank the Lord that they have not. Because if someone tried to constitutionally codify the separate but equal decisions of the United States Supreme Court in the late 1890s, Brown v. Board of Education would never have been possible and would never have been constitutional. That is one of the things that has given minorities in this country the opportunity for education, to be able to graduate from high school and go to a good college and go to the top law schools in the country. So I think that we should hit this amendment head-on. We should vote for it or vote against it, patriots all; but we should not attempt to put into the Constitution the effect of the United States Supreme Court decisions, two of them, in fact, that have brought us to this point here.  Let me repeat. The Watt substitute amendment puts into the Constitution the Johnson and the Eichman decisions that state that physical desecration of the American flag is conduct that is protected by the first amendment to the United States Constitution.  Vote ``no'' on the Watt substitute amendment and pass the resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  