. Res. 63 amends the Compacts of Free Association between the United States and the Federated States of Micronesia and the Marshall Islands. The Compacts, agreed to in the 1980s, provide that the United States will support the new island nations economically and that we can establish, by agreement, military bases in their territories and foreclose access to the nations by military personnel of third countries. As to the Marshall Islands, a major subsidiary agreement allows the United States continued use of the Kwajalein missile test range. Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Asian and Pacific Affairs Peter Brookes testified last year that ``it is in our best interest to maintain the full range of military access, use, and security cooperation options and rights that the Compact[s] provide[ ].''  The Compacts grant citizens of the Federated States of Micronesia and the Marshall Islands the right to enter the U.S. without passports or visas, as nonimmigrants and lawfully engage in occupations. In recent years, the U.S. government has expressed a number of concerns regarding these immigration provisions.  First, the ability of aliens claiming to be citizens of the two nations without having to have passports is an open invitation for abuse by terrorists. In addition, the government of the Marshall Islands has in the past been found to have sold passports.  Second, some Americans have taken advantage of the ability of islanders to enter the U.S. to bring in adopted children without having to meet the requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act regarding foreign adoptions that are designed to safeguard the interests of the adopted children and their biological parents.  Finally, labor recruiters who arrange jobs in the United States for islanders have been abusing these unsophisticated workers, such as by not revealing the real nature of the jobs to be performed and charging prohibitive liquidated damages should the workers leave employment prematurely.  The State Department utilized the looming expiration of the economic assistance provisions of the Compacts to persuade the nations to agree to needed modifications to the Compacts addressing these immigration concerns and other matters. These changes are contained in H.J. Res. 63.  In order to address our security concerns, a number of changes have been made including barring entry to the U.S. under the Compacts of persons who were sold passports, limiting those naturalized citizens who can enter the U.S. pursuant to the Compacts, and requiring passports for entry to the U.S.  As to adoptions, any child who is coming to the U.S. pursuant to an adoption outside the country or for the purpose of adoption in the United States, is ineligible for admission as a nonimmigrant under the Compacts. The child must be brought to the U.S. pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Immigration and Nationality Act.  Separate agreements, which shall come into effect simultaneously with the Compacts, shall incorporate minimum obligations that labor recruiters will have to meet in order to protect Micronesians and Marshall Islanders who are recruited for work in the U.S.  H.J. Res. 63 also includes a number of provisions within the claims, courts, criminal law and administrative law jurisdiction of the Committee. For instance, the Compacts are amended to provide that the governments of the nations are immune from the jurisdiction of U.S. courts and that the U.S. shall not be liable in their courts, and federal agencies are authorized to settle and pay tort claims arising from acts or omissions of their employees within the two nations.  As to criminal law jurisdiction, provisions of the amended Compacts allow the United States to provide technical and training assistance to the governments of the Federated States of Micronesia and the Republic of the Marshall Islands. This assistance will facilitate the development and enforcement of their respective laws and allow for cooperation with the United States in the enforcement of U.S. laws. The postal inspection of contraband, extradition of fugitives, and the transfer of prisoners are among the mutual assistance in law enforcement matters addressed by the Compact. These issues are important not only in addressing the reality of the increased translational nature of general crime, but also are vitally important when confronting the issue of global terrorism.  H.J. Res. 63 contains numerous beneficial changes to the Compacts of Free Association. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  