Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  I think at this point in the debate, it is proper to give a little history of how judicial salaries have been set. The last time Congress visited the whole issue of executive, legislative, and judicial salaries was in the Ethics Reform Act in 1989. Prior to 1989, there was a quadrennial commission that met every 4 years to decide what would be fair compensation for Federal judges, Members of Congress, and senior members of the executive branch, except the President whose salary was set through another process. This commission, which was comprised of people outside government, always recommended that there be significant pay raises for all of the officials covered in the old law. The pay raises were so significant that there was a huge public outcry, and Congress ended up rejecting those recommendations almost uniformly because of pressure from our constituency.  So in 1989 when Congress passed the Ethics Reform Act, it abolished the quadrennial commission, and it replaced it with a citizens' commission on public service and compensation. That was 14 years ago, and the new commission has never met. This same law stated that the salaries of the district judges would be the same as salaries of Members of Congress, and there has been a linkage of the district judges' salaries and that paid United States Senators and United States Representatives since. So as our salaries have gone up through cost-of-living increases, the judicial salaries have also gone up; and it was usually because there was a provision put in an appropriations bill that gave the judges the same COLA as Members of Congress and executive branch officials.  I know every year the Chief Justice talks about the inequity in pay of Federal judges and those who practice before them. I think he has a very valid point. But the points that the Chief Justice makes miss the point of the 1989 law completely; and I think that if we are talking about a judicial pay raise, it is incumbent upon those who are supporting it, which is not me at this time, to answer two questions: What should be the compensation of district judges, appeals judges, and justices of the Supreme Court of the United States? And why are the responsibilities of the Federal judiciary so much more than the responsibilities of United States Senators and United States Representatives that they deserve to be paid out of the taxpayers' treasury a considerably higher pay than the Senators and the Representatives, which I think have at least equal and probably much greater responsibilities on a day-to-day basis than members of the Federal judiciary have.  The burden of proof, to use a judicial term, on why the judicial salaries should be delinked from the legislative and executive branch salaries is on the Federal judiciary and those who advocate such a delinkage. In none of the statements that I have seen from the advocates of higher judicial salaries has there been one argument in favor of why these salaries should be delinked.  Because the Congress last fall failed to pass the same COLA as Members of Congress and the executive branch received, this bill is fair, this bill is necessary, and this bill should be supported. But until we get answers to the other two issues that I have raised, I do not think we should amend the basic law that was passed in the Ethics Reform Act of 1989.  I urge the House to pass this bill.  