Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, the Constitution of the United States was ratified and came into effect in 1789. For 200 years, nobody seriously said that desecrating the American flag violated the first amendment to the Constitution. In fact, the Federal Government, 48 States and the District of Columbia passed statutes declaring flag desecration criminal conduct and prescribing criminal penalties.  It was only after 200 years and the Vietnam War that a flag desecration case claiming that first amendment rights were violated reached the Supreme Court of the United States. And what were the facts of the Johnson case? The Johnson case did not involve protesting the Vietnam War. It was burning the flag in front of the 1984 Republican National Convention that was held in Dallas.  Five years later, the case reached the Supreme Court. They decided, by a 5 to 4 margin, that flag desecration was political expression that enjoyed constitutional protection. And that was the first time in over 200 years of this Constitution being affected that the courts ruled that that type of activity was constitutionally protected.  I agree with what Chief Justice Rehnquist said in the dissenting opinion: ``I cannot agree that the first amendment invalidates the act of Congress and the laws of 48 of the 50 States which made criminal the public burning of the flag.''  If Members agree that the first amendment does prohibit this, then vote ``no'' on the constitutional amendment. I do not impugn anybody's patriotism. This is a legitimately held political position. But if my colleagues think that the Constitution should allow a criminal statute to prevent the public desecration of the American flag, the only way this can be accomplished is through the strong medicine of amending the Constitution.  The Supreme Court has twice said that if this is attempted to be done by statute, the first amendment is violated. I think that the government should be able to prevent the physical desecration of the American flag no matter how it is done. That is why I support this amendment, and I would hope that over two-thirds of the Members of this House of Representatives will support this amendment when we vote on it shortly.  Mr. S0UDER. Mr. Speaker, for more than two hundred years, the American flag has occupied a unique position as the symbol of our nation. During the Second World War, U.S. Marines fought hand to hand against thousands of Japanese at Iwo Jima. Upon reaching the top of Mount Suribachi, a group of these Marines raised a piece of pipe and from one end fluttered a flag. This ascent cost nearly 6,000 American lives. As you know, the Iwo Jima Memorial in Arlington National Cemetery memorializes that event. There would seem to be little question about the power of Congress to prohibit the mutilation of this monument. The flag itself can be seen as a monument, subject to similar protection.  It is true that a person may, in a sense, ``own'' the flag. But this ownership is subject to special burdens and responsibilities. Congress has prescribed detailed rules for the design of the flag, the time and occasion of the flag's display, the position and manner of its display, respect for the flag and conduct during hoisting, and lowering and passing the flag. With the exception of Alaska and Wyoming, all the States have statutes prohibiting the burning of the flag.  When the desecration of the flag is used as a protest, far more than a single flag is being violated. The devotion of every American who has expended their blood, sweat, and tears for this great nation is being battered. This amendment takes on even more importance given the events of September 11th. After watching the horrific events unfold on television, our nation came together through the patriotic display of old glory. The flag became a rallying point and sent a message to our enemies that we will not back down.  I commend the gentleman from California for this important piece of legislation. As it is phrased, H.J. Res. 4 would permit Congress to enact laws addressing physical desecration of our flag. Passage of this legislation through both the House and Senate would allow the American people to vote on this amendment. In doing so we will not only affirm the right to speak one's opinions, but also to protect the symbol of those freedoms that thousands of Americans have died giving their last full measure of devotion to protect.  