Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the support of the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Delahunt) on this bill. Lest people only heard part of his statement, let me say very clearly that this legislation has nothing whatsoever to do with the issue of the assessment and collection of sales taxes on remote sellers. It only has to do with banning multiple and discriminatory taxes on Internet access. The sales tax issue will be dealt with another day and in the context of another bill.  Since the gentleman from Massachusetts has raised this, I would like to make the following observations:  First, most States that assess sales taxes also assess use taxes, so an in-state resident who purchases goods out of state and is exempt from the sales tax because the goods are shipped from one State to the other, the sales tax of the State where the seller is located, is still liable for a use tax in his or her State of residency.  There is a line on the Wisconsin State income tax form that asks how much in use taxes you have to pay to the State of Wisconsin. If you put down zero and you really owe taxes, you filed a false tax return. I am sure that is the case in practically every other State that has got a sales or a use tax.  So when we are dealing with this issue, we are dealing with the failure of States to adequately and efficiently enforce their own use tax law. I do not know why States have failed to do this. That is something that Governors and legislators and State taxation department officials ought to explain.  But I can see the two-step being put on the Congress, that if we pass what the gentleman from Massachusetts wants us to at a later date, then that becomes our sales tax increase of billions of dollars on the taxpayers of Massachusetts and Texas and North Carolina.  I have told my Governors, Republican and Democrat, that have talked to me about this, as I said, your laws are already on the books. Why do you want us to enforce your law through an act of Congress, when you have the means to enforce your law by yourselves as responsibilities of the State government?  I hope that when we debate this issue of how to tax remote sales, we do not forget that.  Mr. Speaker, I am happy to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Smith).  