Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, logic and fairness dictate that manufacturers and sellers should not be held responsible for the unlawful use of their lawful products. H.R. 1036 will stop ludicrous lawsuits against the manufacturer or seller of firearms for harm resulting from the criminal or unlawful misuse of their products by prohibiting such lawsuits from being filed in State or Federal court.  H.R. 1036, which has significant bipartisan support, does not preclude lawsuits against a person who transfers a firearm or ammunition knowing that it will be used to commit a crime of violence or a drug trafficking crime. It also does not prevent lawsuits against a seller for negligent entrustment or negligence per se.  The bill also includes several additional exceptions, including an exception for actions in which a manufacturer or seller of a qualified product knowingly and willfully violates any State or Federal statute applicable to sales or marketing when such violation was a proximate cause of the harm for which relief is sought. Other exceptions include actions for breach of contract or warranty and an exception for actions for damages resulting directly from a defect in design or manufacture.  Recent litigation against the tobacco industry that forced multibillion dollar settlements has inspired lawsuits against a much smaller firearms industry on theories of liability that would hold it financially responsible for the harm caused, through no fault of its own, by those who criminally misuse its products. While some of these lawsuits have been dismissed, and some States have acted to limit them in one way or another, the fact remains that these lawsuits continue to be aggressively pursued. Such lawsuits threaten to rip tort law from its moorings in personal responsibility and drive firearms manufacturers out of business.  John Coale, one of the personal injury lawyers suing the gun industry, told the Washington Post, ``The legal fees alone are enough to bankrupt the industry.'' The police, along with our military, also rely on the domestic firearms industry to supply them with reliable and accurate weapons that can best protect them in the line of fire. The best and most reliable guns are not going to be those designed under requirements personal injury attorneys seek to impose in firearms lawsuits.  Lawsuits seeking to hold the firearms industry responsible for the criminal and unlawful use of its products are brazen attempts to accomplish through litigation what has not been achieved by legislation and the democratic process. Various courts have correctly described such suits as ``improper attempts to have the court substitute its judgment for that of the legislature.'' As explained by another Federal judge, ``The plaintiff's attorneys simply want to eliminate handguns.''  Under the currently unregulated tort system, personal injury lawyers are seeking to obtain through the courts stringent limits on the sale and distribution of firearms beyond the court's jurisdictional boundaries. Such State lawsuits in a single county could destroy a national industry and deny citizens nationwide the right to keep and bear arms guaranteed by the Constitution. Insofar as these lawsuits have the practical effect of burdening interstate commerce in firearms, Congress has the authority to act under the commerce clause of the Constitution.  In 1985, one Federal judge said it would be nonsensical to claim that a product can be defective under the law when it has no defect. He predicted that the plaintiff's unconventional application of tort law against such a product would also apply to automobiles, knives and even high-calorie food.  In 1999, another judge observed that cities suing the firearms industry ``have envisioned the dawning of a new age of litigation during which the gun industry, liquor industry, and purveyors of junk food would follow the tobacco industry in reimbursing government expenditures.'' Only a few years later, that disastrous new age of litigation is already upon us, and even once-fanciful lawsuits against fast food companies are rapidly proliferating.  Congress must do what it can to stop the slide down this slippery slope. It is time for Congress to fulfill its constitutional duty and exercise its authority under the commerce clause to prevent a few State courts from bankrupting the national firearms industry and denying all Americans their fundamental right to bear arms.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  