Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2465, the Family Farmers Bankruptcy Relief Act of 2003.  Earlier this year, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported that certain parts of our Nation, particularly the western and Great Plains States, were experiencing ``one of the worst droughts in 108 years.'' Other parts of the country, like the Northeast, are currently enduring seemingly unending days of rainy weather.  While bad weather may be merely an inconvenience for some of us, uncontrollable weather conditions represent just one of the many difficult challenges that confront family farmers. Like many small businesses, family farmers must also endure and react to rising energy costs, volatile marketplace conditions, and increasing competition from larger businesses. Unfortunately, these economic forces can negatively affect the financial stability of the family farmer.  In response to the particularized needs of family farmers in financial distress, chapter 12 of the Bankruptcy Code was enacted in 1986 as a part of the Bankruptcy Judges, United States Trustees, and Family Farmer Bankruptcy Act. Although originally enacted on a temporary basis to address the farming crisis of the 1980s, chapter 12 has been extended on nine occasions in recognition of the vital relief it offers to family farmers in financial distress. Unless further extended, chapter 12 will sunset at the end of this month.  It is crucial that this specialized form of bankruptcy relief for family farmers not be allowed to sunset for two fundamental reasons. First, family farmers, absent chapter 12, would be forced to file for bankruptcy relief under the Bankruptcy Code's other alternatives, none of which work as well for them as does chapter 12.  Chapter VII of the Bankruptcy Code, for instance, would require a farmer to liquidate; that is, sell the family farm to pay the claims of the farmer's creditors. Many farmers would be precluded from choosing bankruptcy relief under chapter 13 of the Bankruptcy Code because of its restrictive eligibility standards. Furthermore, Chapter XI, the Bankruptcy Code's business reorganization alternative, is not farmer-friendly in various respects, as it often entails an expensive and time-consuming process that does not readily accommodate the special needs of farmers.  Second, recent statistics demonstrate that there is not only a continuing need for chapter 12, but that this need is apparently increasing. According to the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, chapter 12 bankruptcy filings jumped by more than 62 percent over the past year. I introduced H.R. 2465 to extend chapter 12 for an additional 6 months through December 31, 2003, and thereby maintain the status quo while the Congress completes its consideration of comprehensive bankruptcy reform.  As my colleagues may recall, last March the House overwhelminglypassed H.R. 975, the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2003, which is now awaiting consideration in the other body. H.R. 965 contains many farmer-friendly provisions that would make chapter 12 a permanent fixture of the Bankruptcy Code for family farmers and generally make it easier for farmers in financial distress to be eligible for this form of bankruptcy relief. In addition, H.R. 975 would raise the debt limit and lower the income threshold so that many more family farmers could avail themselves of chapter 12. Also, this bill, for the first time, would extend the benefits of this specialized form of bankruptcy relief to family fishermen.  It is my sincere hope that in the very near future, we will see comprehensive bankruptcy reform legislation finally enacted, together with the permanent extension of chapter 12. Thus, I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 2465.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  