Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the distinguished majority leader, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay).  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner), for the work, long, long work that he has placed into this bill. The people of the United States owe the chairman a great debt; and more importantly, children owe the gentleman a great debt for his work on this issue.  Mr. Speaker, at the end of this long debate that actually began 10 years ago, the opponents of the Partial-BirthAbortion Ban Act tell us that this bill will not save a single life. And I think we have to admit, it is a limited bill. After all, when we pass this bill, abortion will stay legal, its practitioners will remain in business, and heaven will still be crowded with America's invisible orphans. But its limitations are beside the point. Because like the children it protects, Mr. Speaker, the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act may be small, but not insignificant.  Make no mistake about it: our action today represents a big pivot in America's difficult answer to the abortion question. After a generation of bitter rhetoric, the American people have turned away from the divisive politics of abortion and embraced the inclusive politics of life.  Over the last 10 years, Americans on all sides of the abortion debate have learned about the partial-birth abortion procedure. They have recoiled at its barbarism and decided it has no place in a moral society. They have called on us to answer the muted cries of the innocent. Their message to us today and our message to the world is very simple: we can do better. For pregnant mothers, however desperate; for unborn children, however unwanted; and for our compassionate Nation, however divided. America can do better for them all, starting with the overdue prohibition on this cruel, dangerous, and medically unnecessary procedure.  But this, I say to my colleagues, is not a day of celebration. Passing this bill will be a victory, to be sure, but a victory for humanity, not just one side of this debate. It will be a victory for the democratic process, which the American people have engaged one heart at a time, not through the heat of public argument, but through the warmth of private conversation. And it will be a victory for a Nation of good and honest people who brought to this debate a thoroughly American respect for every opinion and for every life.  America can do better, Mr. Speaker, and by passing this bill today, at long last, we will.  