Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, when the House passed S. 151, the PROTECT Act, which was signed into law by President Bush on April 30, 2003, we directed the Attorney General to establish a pilot program to perform background checks on individuals that volunteered to work with children.   The pilot project, among other things, requires the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to act as a liaison between several volunteer organizations that work with children in the FBI. Under the pilot project, the Center will receive from the FBI background check information on individuals seeking to volunteer with children and make a determination as to the suitability of those individuals for volunteer organizations.   This legislation seeks to correct an oversight in that pilot project, which is scheduled to begin next week, a week from tomorrow on July 29, 2003. This legislation clarifies the Center's liability in connection with the pilot program in three specific situations and protects the Center from lawsuits in any one of three different situations except in cases where there is intentional misconduct or actions taken with actual malice.   First, the bill stipulates that the Center shall not be held liable for any act or communication that results in a decision that an individual is unfit to serve as a volunteer for any volunteer organization. The purpose of this program is to keep individuals who are potentially dangerous away from our children, and it needs to be clear that the Center will not be sued as a result of making this determination.   Second, this legislation also addresses the unfortunate situation where an individual with a criminal history may be cleared by the Center due to inaccurate or incomplete records and subsequently commits a crime in their capacity as a volunteer.   The hope is that this program will be 100 percent successful in keeping criminals away from our children. However, we must also acknowledge that the effectiveness of these background checks are predicated on the accuracy and completeness of the records the FBI relies upon. Unless the Center willfully ignores information indicating that an individual might be a potential danger, they should not be responsible for subsequent crimes committed by that individual.  The third and final section of this bill addresses the situation where a decision is made to clear an individual based on the absence of criminal history information. In this case, were the individual to subsequently commit a crime, the Center would be protected unless they knew that criminal history records existed and have not been furnished.   I urge my colleagues to expeditiously vote in favor of this legislation to ensure the smooth operation of this pilot project and the protection of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, and would point out that unless this bill is enacted into law by a week from Tuesday, the pilot project will be delayed.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  