Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  This motion to recommit should be rejected for several reasons. The overwhelming weight of evidence compiled in a series of hearings indicates that partial-birth abortions are never necessary to preserve the health of a mother and, in fact, pose substantial health risks to women undergoing the procedure.  No controlled studies of partial-birth abortions have been conducted nor have any comparative studies been conducted to demonstrate its safety and efficacy as compared to other abortion methods. There have been no articles published in peer review journals that establish that partial-birth abortions are superior in any way to establish abortion procedures.  Furthermore, experience indicates that partial-birth abortions are not performed to preserve the health of a woman. The late Dr. James McMahon, developed this method and performed thousands of them, some as late as the ninth month. In 1995, Dr. McMahon submitted to the Committee on the Judiciary a graph and explanation that explicitly showed that he aborted healthy babies even in the third trimester which begins after the 26th week of pregnancy. His own graph showed, for example, that at 29 or 30 weeks one-fourth of the aborted babies had no flaw.  Furthermore, leading proponents of partial-birth abortion acknowledge that it could pose additional health risks because, among other things, the procedure requires a high degree of surgical skill to pierce the infant's skull with a sharp instrument in a blind procedure.  Dr. Warren Hern testified that he had very serious reservations about this procedure and that he could not imagine a circumstance in which this procedure would be safest. Although he was opposed to legislation banning partial-birth abortion, he also stated, ``You really can't defend it. I'm not going to tell somebody else they should not do this procedure, but I'm not going to do it.'' He also stated, ``I would dispute any statement that this is the safest procedure to use.''  The procedure also poses the following additional health risk to the woman: an increase in the woman's risk of suffering from cervical incompetence, a result of cervical dilation making it difficult or impossible for a woman to successfully carry a subsequent pregnancy to term; an increased risk of uterine rupture, abruption, amniotic fluid embolus, and trauma to the uterus as a result of converting the child to a footling breech position.  Finally, a health exception, no matter how narrowly defined, gives the abortionist unfettered discretion in determining when a partial-birth abortion may be performed, and abortionists have demonstrated they can justify any abortion on this ground. Again, Dr. Warren Hern, ``I will certify that any pregnancy is a threat to a woman's life and could cause grievous injury to her physical health.'' I repeat, ``I will certify that any pregnancy is a threat to a woman's life and could cause grievous injury to her physical health.''  It is clear then that a law that includes such an exception would not ban a single-birth abortion; and for that reason, I would urge a ``no'' vote on the motion to recommit.  