  First, as a privacy advocate, I fully appreciate the interest and concern at hand. Indeed, both Senator Sarbanes and I have been very sensitive and worked together a lot on privacy concerns. As we took up the Fair Credit Reporting Act, this was one of the key considerations we sought to balance, even as the law itself requires. We did this in what was a very comprehensive, transparent, and lengthy review of the law and issues at hand as we considered reauthorizing our national credit standard.  Second, the amendment of the Senator from California makes two basic assumptions which ultimately guide her amendment's approach and goal, as I understand it. No. 1, that there is something inherently nefarious about the use of affiliate structures; No. 2, that consumers have no rights or means to protect themselves with respect to the handling of their transaction and experience information.  I believe that our consideration in the Banking Committee would therefore be instructive in understanding the better approach adopted in our bill and why I intend to oppose the amendment of the Senator from California. To the first point: Why do affiliates exist? Companies establish affiliates for a variety of legal, tax, and accounting reasons--because laws require them to do it.  What do these structures mean for consumers? Some companies choose to create separate legal entities known asseparately capitalized affiliates. Other companies elect to locate all of their business lines in a single entity. Regardless of the structure that a firm employs, consumer information is generally used in the same fashion. Affiliates or the separate business line share it to service their customers, fight fraud, or develop new business. The affiliate sharing provisions contained in the Fair Credit Reporting Act exist to make it clear that companies should not suffer because they have chosen a particular corporate structure.  From the consumer's perspective, I believe there is no real difference between a company making an internal transfer of information among departments and sharing between affiliates. In fact, in many cases where affiliate sharing is occurring, most consumers would not recognize that the two parties are involved in the transfer. Rather, they would be under the impression that information is merely being moved within the single entity with whom they have chosen to do business.  Second, there are real rules and provisions governing the manner in which transaction and experience information is handled. First, we need to consider what exactly transaction and experience information is. Transaction and experience information involves checking and saving account balances, credit card balances and repayment history, mortgage balances and repayment history, and mortgage and brokerage account balances and transaction activity. In many instances, the information is the very information provided to the consumer reporting agencies where, as consumer report information, consumers are afforded significant rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.  More important, however, this is information that is routinely provided to consumers as required by separate laws and regulations. For example, the Truth in Lending Act, the Fair Credit Billing Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, provisions of the securities laws and the Uniform Commercial Code all provide consumers substantive rights with respect to transaction and experience information. These include disclosures and access rights and error resolution procedures.  I believe the bottom line is that consumers already have access to and rights concerning transaction experience information right now under the law. But at the end of the day, I believe the main concern I heard with affiliate sharing uses was the use for marketing purposes. At the end of the day, I believe that is all that is really left restricted, in some way, under California's approach after accounting for the exceptions and exemptions.  So after spending more than a year considering the law carefully in order to balance the needs of our national credit system, which we all believe is crucial to the operation and strength of our economy, with a need to protect consumers rights, the Banking Committee identified two key areas for increased Federal protection: The sharing of medical information and restricting affiliate sharing used for marketing purposes.  This bill does so in the context of the Fair Credit Reporting Act in a straightforward and narrowly tailored way and does not give preferential treatment to certain business models over others.  This brings us to a third and very important point. The Fair Credit Reporting Act deals with more than just financial institutions. The sponsors, as you know as a member of the Banking Committee, Mr. President, seek to impose a model that was tailored strictly for financial institutions to all furnishers of credit information, subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act. This model is largely based on SB-1, the California Financial Services Law.  The amendment's sponsors have tried to graft a banking bill on to the Fair Credit Reporting Act. This effort, I believe, is misplaced, and this effort does not mesh with how the FCRA, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, works and to whom it applies. Gramm-Leach-Bliley made it permissible for California and all other States to pass legislation that regulates third party sharing activity. This bill would not affect those provisions in the California law that come because of Gramm-Leach-Bliley. With respect to the part of SB-1 that conflicts with the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the California law was preempted, making it unenforceable when it was enacted. This bill does not change or alter that fact in any way.  The irony is that, even if we were to assume these provisions were violated, California's attempt to overturn Federal law is actually weaker than the Senate bill. The California law, as I have heard here, as it is targeted at financial institutions, covers a much more limited range than the broader Fair Credit Reporting Act, which deals with information, not entities, and therefore includes retailers, auto dealers, mortgage providers--anyone who furnishes credit.  Furthermore, California's rule is eaten by its exceptions and its exemptions. Its provisions provide consumers with no real choices or meaningful protection. The Senate bill covers the areas that consumers care about--marketing and the sharing of medical information--by providing real protection. Unlike the Senate bill, the California law still exempts most of the largest financial service firms they claim the law is intended to address.  The Senate bill was carefully tailored to address key concerns in a more clear and a concise way. The Senate bill before us targets unwanted solicitations without otherwise preventing sharing activities that provide benefits to consumers. Unlike the California bill, the Senate bill is designed to protect consumer interests. The unenforceable portions of the California law were designed to promote a specific business model by hobbling others.  I yield the floor.  