  The quagmire in which we currently find ourselves I believe threatens the constitutionally-vested discretion of this and all future Presidents in appointing those judges they see fit. Second, it threatens the independence and effectiveness of the federal judiciary, and third, it threatens the future function and effectiveness of the United States Senate as the deliberative and distinguished institution it is today.  Article 2, Section 2, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution vests the President alone with the power of appointing Federal judges ``with the Advice and Consent of the Senate.'' Nowhere does the Constitution grant the Senate any power over selecting judicial appointments.  A review of over 200 years of the Senate's history and practice makes it clear that the Senate's role in Presidential nominations is either to confirm or deny their appointment by means of an up-or-down vote on the floor--nothing more and nothing less.  The unprecedented obstruction we are now experiencing is simply unjustifiable, I believe.  Why not allow the President to do his job of selecting judicial nominees and let us do our job in confirming or denying them? Principles of fairness call for it and the Constitution requires it.  Those of my colleagues who are currently blocking confirmation of the President's circuit court nominees have admitted to doing so on ideological grounds. They feel that these nominees are outside of their definition of ``mainstream''--whatever that may mean. When Senators impose a subjective litmus test on judicial nominees, they are really just seeking out candidates that agree with them ideologically. This introduces a political element into the constitutional framework of judicial appointments that isn't there--and with good reason.  The Constitution grants Federal judges lifetime tenure and salary protection precisely in order to insulate them from political influences.  The Senate's standard for confirming a judge should simply be a nominee's honesty, competence, temperament, and appreciation for the proper constitutional role of an Article III judge.  Any test beyond this substitutes the judgment of individual Senators over that of the President and unduly politicizes a position that is intended to exist outside the realm of politics. What is more, as my colleagues in the minority continue to use their ideological litmus test to justify blocking the President's circuit court nominees--four so far, with more promised--these unfilled vacancies impose a heavy burden on our judiciary.  The ability of these appellate courts to manage their caseloads and to effectively interpret and apply the law is dependent on a full complement of judges available to consider and rule on pending cases.  We all know the saying ``justice delayed is justice denied,'' and we simply can not allow our own political agendas to undermine the fair application of the rule of law.  I would encourage all Senators to take a step back from the current debate and envision the future of this Senate if the obstruction of these judicial nominees continues. Do we really want to operate in an environment where judicial confirmations require 60 votes? That is the direction in which we are rapidly headed.  I can understand that some of my colleagues don't agree with our current President's politics. That is politics. I can understand that this President's judicial nominees may not be to some of their ideological liking. That is politics. However, this does not justify denying a judicial nominee a simple up-or-down vote.  I feel quite certain that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would not be nearly as accepting of these obstructionist tactics if they proverbial shoe were on the other foot.  I am not asking any of my colleagues to vote in favor of confirming a nominee that they oppose. I leave that determination to their discretion. I am simply asking them to allow the Senate to complete its constitutionally-appointed duty in providing the President with advice and consent on all of his judicial nominees.  Now, I would like to take just a few moments to discuss two of the President's filibustered circuit court nominees in which I take a particular interest: Alabama Attorney General Bill Pryor and California Supreme Court Justice Janice Rogers Brown.  Bill Pryor is the President's nominee for the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. I have known Bill for many years and have the highest regard for his intellect and integrity. Whether as a prosecutor, a defense attorney, or the Attorney General of the State of Alabama, he understands and respects the constitutional role of the judiciary and specifically, the role of the federal courts in our legal system.  I am confident that Bill would serve honorably and apply the law with impartiality and fairness, if he were confirmed for the Eleventh Circuit. Unfortunately, Attorney General Pryor's nomination has been filibustered for most of this year.  Janice Rogers Brown is the President's nominee for the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, which is widely regarded as the court second in importance only to the United States Supreme Court.  I am proud to say that Justice Brown is a native of my own State of Alabama, having been born in Greenville and raised in Luverne before moving to California.  The progression of her career to serve on California's highest court--the first African American woman ever to do so--is a remarkable story of success through hard work and dedication that serves an example for us all.  Justice Brown has enjoyed a distinguished career on the California Supreme Court, most recently receiving 76 percent of the vote the last time she came before California voters.  Justice Brown possesses the highest character and ideal temperament for this important judgeship. Unfortunately, her nomination is subject to filibuster and thus the D.C. Circuit is denied her services.  It is the role of the Senate to provide the President with advice and consent on his judicial nominations. We can only fulfill this duty by allowing each of these nominees an up-or-down vote by the full Senate.  The proper function and balance of the executive, judicial and legislative branches depends upon it.  It is my hope that we can end this impasse tonight and vote on each of these nominees. Let the majority vote. Let the majority count. If we get the majority vote, they will be confirmed, but they should not be obstructed. They should not be filibustered.  I yield the floor. 