  Mr. President, I am pleased to bring before the Senate S. 1753, the National Consumer Credit System Improvement Act of 2003. This bill was unanimously approved by the Senate Banking Committee on September 23 of this year by a voice vote.  The Fair Credit Reporting Act, is a very important, highly complex law that governs crucial aspects of the consumer credit system. This national system is huge--involving trillions of dollars and millions of people, and is at the heart of the economic well being of this country. The bipartisan bill before the Senate is the product of extensive hearings and deliberations by the Senate Banking Committee. Over the course of the past 5 months, the Banking Committee held six hearings related to the reauthorization of the seven expiring FCRA national standards as well as the effectiveness and efficacy of the FCRA as a whole.  The committee's process helped us identify key areas that required reform or improvement, while at the same time, reinforcing the importance of our national credit reporting system to the operation of our financial markets and economy as a whole. The committee bill incorporates many important reforms while creating permanent national standards. This bill reflects acareful balance between ensuring the efficient operation of our markets and protecting the rights of consumers.  Over the 6 years since the FCRA was last amended, significant changes have occurred in our credit markets. There are now participants, new technologies, new underwriting practices, and new products. Indeed, there is more that has changed than has remained the same in the operation of the credit markets since the last time Congress considered the FCRA. These changes have been largely positive. They have expanded access to credit to more Americans and permitted loan approvals in hours rather than weeks.  However, these new developments have had some unintended consequences.  Identity theft. As our economy has grown more automated, more electronic transactions occur without the lender and borrower ever meeting face to face. As a result, the transfer of information has become much more pervasive, and a new crime has emerged that takes advantage of this flow of information. This crime is called identity theft, and the incidence of this crime has grown geometrically in recent years.  Identity theft involves a person using someone else's personal information without their knowledge to commit fraud or theft. Practically speaking, the crime involves misappropriation of such personal information as a victim's name, date of birth, and social security number. Identity thieves then use this information to open new credit card accounts, to divert current accounts from victims to themselves, and to open bank accounts in victims' names, among other things. The bad charges and the hot checks usually happen while the victims, banks, credit card companies and other firms are unaware that something is amiss.  In the wake of unauthorized activity and skipped payments, the creditor usually takes action and ultimately cuts the thief off. At this point, the creditor's losses are curtailed, but the nightmare is just beginning for the ultimate victim of identity theft--the individual whose identity the thief assumed. In most instances, the victims first become aware of the fact that they have been targeted when the creditor seeks payment. It is also when they begin to experience the negative consequences--dealing with law enforcement and the collection agencies.  Thereafter, when the results of the criminals' handiwork shows up on their credit reports, they face the considerable task of restoring their good name and credit rating.  This bill attempts to combat this growing crime while also helping consumers restore their credit standing and give victims assistance. The bill contains a number of provisions that deal with identity theft:  S. 1753 directs Federal banking regulators, the National Credit Union Administration and the Federal Trade Commission to develop guidelines and regulations to identify and prevent identity theft;  The bill mandates the inclusion of fraud alerts in credit files, to notify users of credit reports that a consumer could be a victim of identity theft;  The bill will restrict the amount of information available to identity thieves, by requiring the truncation of credit and debit card account numbers on electronically printed receipts; and  S. 1753 increases the punishment of identity theft crimes.  S. 1753 also provides victims of identity theft with meaningful assistance something they do not really have today:  The bill requires the FTC to prepare a summary of rights of identity theft victims;  S. 1753 establishes procedures to block the reporting of and the refurnishing of identity theft-related activities; and it requires the national credit reporting agencies to coordinate and share identity theft complaints.  Another aspect of this bill is accuracy. The committee also focused its attention on how best to ensure the accuracy of credit information. Accurate credit reports are absolutely crucial to the efficient operation of our credit market. Indeed, the changing nature of our credit markets has made accuracy more important than ever. Credit report information is increasingly used as the key determinant of the cost of credit and insurance in this country.  In addition, technology has permitted lenders to use credit information to more precisely assess risks posed by borrowers. Gone are the day when lenders merely stamped loans as ``approved'' or ``not approved.'' Today, the lenders employing credit history data, use mathematical models to analyze credit risk and create risk-based prices for credit cards, mortgages and other products. Use of risk-based pricing allows lenders to extend credit to a broader range of borrowers on credit terms, which match the credit risk they pose. Additionally, its use results in very few credit applicants being rejected. Again this is a very positive development, but not one without a cost.  Currently, credit applicants who are rejected received adverse action notices and access to a free credit reports. This allows such consumers to review the accuracy of their credit report information. Due to risk-based pricing, consumers are often not given the adverse action notice when information contained in their credit report significantly impacts the cost of the credit offer. Rather, they receive a counteroffer with credit offered at a higher price or with more restricted terms.  This development presents a huge concern. The adverse action notice is the primary tool in the FCRA to ensure mistakes in credit reports are discovered. To address this situation, the committee bill requires regulators to promulgate rules to provide consumers notice when, because of information contained in a consumer's credit report, the creditor makes a counter offer to the consumer on terms that are materially less favorable than the most favorable terms available to a substantial portion of consumers.  These notices will make consumers aware of the need to check their reports to ensure their accuracy. The need for ensuring the greatest possible accuracy in credit information does not end with these new notices. For example, in large credit transactions, such as mortgages, rate differences, as the Presiding Officer knows, can translate into hundreds of thousands of dollars over the course of a loan. Even in smaller dollar credit transactions, such as credit cards, rate differences can mean large amounts of money.  With the practice of credit card companies reviewing credit reports and adjusting rates in real time becoming more prevalent, the application of risk-based pricing to consumer finances is practically an everyday event.  Credit reporting information is increasingly used as the key determinant of the cost of credit or insurance. With the rewards for good credit so meaningful in this country, and the penalties for bad credit so costly, it is more critical than ever before that credit reports accurately portray consumers' credit histories.  The committee bill addresses this in several ways. One, the bill provides consumers the right to obtain a free copy of their credit report annually through a centralized system and request of their credit scores or information about credit scores in certain circumstances. This is a big change.  S. 1753 directs the Federal banking regulators, the National Credit Union Administration, and the Federal Trade Commission to develop guidelines to ensure greater accuracy and completeness of information in credit reports.  Furthermore, it directs the Federal Trade Commission and the Federal Reserve to conduct ongoing studies on the accuracy of consumer reports and the resolution of consumer complaints.  Privacy protections are addressed in this bill. S. 1753, the bill before us, contains a number of important new privacy protections for consumers. The committee-designed protections are based on our extensive deliberations and focus on core areas of concern in the privacy arena; namely, direct marketing and medical information.  The bill contains important new medical information protections which significantly limit creditors' use of consumer medical information and restrict the dissemination of medical information in credit reports. These provisions require the coding of medical information that is included in credit reports and prohibits creditors from obtaining or using medical information in determining a consumer's eligibility for credit.  S. 1753 also requires affiliated companies to give consumers notice and anopportunity to opt out of direct marketing. In addition, the bill requires the regulators to study information-sharing practices of affiliated companies and the level of consumer understanding.  Financial literacy was another topic of our committee deliberations. The committee understands that informed, knowledgeable consumers are best positioned to take advantage of new credit products and to reduce the likelihood of falling prey to negative developments, such as identity theft. Financial education is crucial to the effective operation of our credit markets since the Fair Credit Reporting Act places significant responsibility on the consumer to ensure the accuracy of their credit reports. For these reasons, the bill establishes the Financial Literacy and Education Commission to review and create Federal programs and coordinate the existing financial literacy efforts already established.  The committee has devoted a significant amount of time and energy in this bill to build a complete and thorough record on the highly complex issues involved with the Fair Credit Reporting Act. The legislation we are considering today, which was passed unanimously out of the Banking Committee, reflects the time and consensus achieved during that process.  It contains language that was developed by a number of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, and I thank all of them for their efforts. I also particularly thank the ranking member and former chairman, Senator Sarbanes, for his insight and the significant contributions he and his staff have added as we have moved through this process over the course of the year.  I believe we have achieved the difficult objective of striking the proper balance between enhancing the rights of consumers and improving the efficient operation of our credit markets.  Mr. President, I now yield the floor to my distinguished colleague from Maryland, the ranking Democrat.  