 President, I rise in support of the amendment by the Senator from Arizona, an amendment of which I am a cosponsor.  This amendment, if accepted, will require the Department of State to produce a report within 60 days following the termination of offensive military operations in Iraq detailing everything that is known about that country's weapons of mass destruction programs, as well as about its ability to field conventional forces after a decade of sanctions. Most importantly, it will require that the report in question provide a thorough description of the means by which Iraq acquired the designs, technologies, components, and systems with which to develop and construct weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery.  Finally, the report required by this amendment will include a discussion of the effectiveness of the unilateral and multilateral agreements designed to prevent Iraq's acquisition of weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery. This is not intended as an indictment of these agreements. On the contrary, they were an essential component of the structure needed to try to contain Iraqi aggression and impede its ability to acquire such weapons. Rather, it is intended to educate us as to the ways in which rogue governments seek to manipulate and undermine sanctions regimes and, in some instances, exploit the somewhat mercantilist tendencies of some nations to look the other way when logic otherwise dictates caution.  American blood is being shed in the deserts and in the towns and villages of Iraq for the principal purpose of ensuring that a brutal dictator is denied the ability to use chemical, biological or nuclear weapons against his neighbors, against U.S. interests, and against the American homeland. The reasons that we arrived at this point in time are many and are varied. Suffice to say, however, that vitally important lessons will be drawn from this conflict, and from the period leading up to it. Among those lessons will be ways in which Iraq was able to amass the capabilities that it possessed at the time of Operation Desert Storm, and that it was able to retain and accumulate in the decade since. We know, for instance, that it succeeded in exploiting oil-for-food income for illicit purposes. What we need to better understand and to illuminate for the public, however, is the extent to which others facilitated such transactions.  As the remains of Americans killed in combat and in combat-related accidents return home for burial, and as the images of innocent Iraqi victims fills the world's television screens, a reckoning will increasingly be in order. This war is a terrible necessity. I fully support the President of the United States in his decision to bring a decade-long problem that threatens our national interest to a definitive conclusion. As the elected representatives of the American public, however, it is incumbent upon us to prepare to focus our attention on the history that brought us to where we are today. Only through a thorough examination of the ways in which Saddam Hussein was able to reach the stage where we were compelled to bring the full weight of our national power to bear upon him can we hope to prevent a recurrence elsewhere in the world.  I urge support for this amendment. It is about knowledge. It is about learning from the past. It is about helping to avoid traveling the road to war again in the future because we failed to keep our moral bearings in the present. Vote yes on the Kyl amendment.  