 Feinstein.  First, I address the second-degree amendment the senior Senator from Nevada, Senator Reid, is offering. I encourage my colleagues to oppose this second-degree amendment, also. The Reid second-degree amendment would exempt derivative contracts on precious metals from the new regulatory scheme the Feinstein amendment creates. We are told the Feinstein amendment is necessary to avoid the manipulation of markets for commodities that are in limited supply like oil or metals.  Underpinning the Feinstein amendment is the belief the Enron debacle and the California energy crisis occurred because there was insufficient regulation and wrongdoers were able to accomplish massive frauds and manipulation. The Feinstein amendment is intended to close the alleged regulatory loophole for off-exchange transactions for exempt commodities.  Assume, only for argument's sake, that Senator Feinstein is correct. Assume the regulatory regime established only 2\1/2\ years ago is insufficient and that we must close a so-called regulatory loophole. If you believe this and support the Feinstein amendment, you must necessarily oppose the Reid second-degree amendment, which will carve a vast number of derivative contracts out of the regulatory scheme the Feinstein amendment creates.  I don't believe we can have it both ways. What is necessary for the energy markets is necessary for the metals markets. I encourage my colleagues to oppose both the Reid second-degree amendment and the Feinstein amendment as unnecessary, redundant, and potentially destabilizing to our financial markets. I encourage my colleagues who feel compelled to support the Feinstein amendment to not support the Reid amendment, which is at direct cross-purposes to the underlying amendment.  Less than 3 years ago, in December 2000, Congress enacted the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000, which was landmark legislation that provided legal certainty regarding the regulatory status of derivatives. Passage of the modernization act was the result of many months of analysis of the role that derivatives play in the marketplace and the consequences of increased regulation. In fact, because the modernization act addressed derivative products pertaining to commodities and financial products, both the Agriculture Committee and Banking Committee held numerous hearings to help Members and the public better understand the role the various derivative financial instruments and contracts played in our economy and what regulatory landscape, if any, is appropriate.  Now, only 3 years after enactment of the modernization act, Senator Feinstein's amendment proposes fundamental changes to the law. I believethis amendment could create many regulatory problems, including creating jurisdictional confusion between the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, CFTC, imposing problematic capital requirements on facilities trading derivatives, and impugning the legal certainty of OTC derivatives put in place in 2000.  I am concerned this body does not have full appreciation of these consequences and potential unintended consequences that will likely follow if we were to adopt the Feinstein amendment.  I also believe it is premature to adopt this amendment because we have simply not had enough time to review the results of the modernization act. We have not received any reports from the CFTC detailing shortfalls in the regulatory authority conferred by the modernization act or recommendations requesting broader authority over derivatives. In fact, the CFTC had brought several major cases involving market manipulation since the passage of the modernization act. Congress should have more than a 2-year record before it decides to make rash but fundamental changes to legislation that was the product of so much deliberation a short time ago.  Proponents of the Feinstein amendment argue that the collapse of Enron and the disruption of the California energy market are prime examples of the need for greater regulation of derivatives. This assertion is simply not true. Enron collapsed as a result of deceptive accounting practices involving special purpose entities and poor corporate governance practices that permitted abusive business practices. Congress addressed such abuses in last year's Sarbanes-Oxley Act. More importantly, Enron's derivative business was in operation prior to enactment of the Modernization Act and was one of the business lines that retained value for sale after the collapse when most others didn't.  Further, FERC, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, recently concluded a year-long review of potential manipulation of electric and natural gas prices in the Western markets. Although FERC did find market manipulation, it also concluded:       Significant supply shortfalls and a fatally flawed market      design were the root causes of the California market      meltdown.  In short, it was lack of energy supplies and poor State regulations that caused the disruption. I fear that the adoption of the Feinstein amendment could lead to uninformed and premature changes to the carefully considered provisions of the Modernization Act.  I believe the Feinstein amendment proposes unnecessary regulatory measures and significantly undermines the legal certainty achieved in the Modernization Act. Therefore, I strongly urge my colleagues to vote against the Feinstein amendment.  The President's Working Group on Financial Markets, which is comprised of the Secretary of the Treasury, the Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, the Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the Chairman of the CFTC, will be sending a letter today expressing its concerns with this amendment and urging Congress to carefully consider the potential unintended consequences of the amendment before acting. I intend to submit this letter for the Record when I receive it. I anticipate this letter will raise the same concerns that were raised in the working group's letter last year.  I yield the floor.  