President, I rise today to discuss S. 84, a bill that would provide a one-time exception from the longstanding law that requires a member of the military to be retired from the armed services for at least 7 years before being appointed as Secretary of Defense. We are considering this legislation today because the President-elect's nominee for Secretary of Defense, General James Mattis, has only been retired from the U.S. Marine Corps for 3 years.  In considering the unique situation presented by this nomination, this week the Armed Services Committee held two hearings. The first hearing, on Tuesday, had a panel of two excellent outside witnesses who discussed the history of the retirement restriction law and the benefits and challenges of legislating an exception to that law. Then, this morning, the committee held a nomination hearing with General Mattis and examined his views on a wide range of defense challenges facing our country and the Defense Department.  General Mattis has a long and distinguished military career, and he is recognized by his peers as a thoughtful and strategic thinker. However, since its passage in 1947, the statutory requirement designed to protect civilian control of the Armed Forces has only been waived one other time. Therefore, I believe it is extremely important that we carefully consider the consequences of setting aside the law and the implications such a decision may have on the future of civilian and military relations.  Civilian control of the military is enshrined in our Constitution and dates back to George Washington and the Revolutionary War. This principle has distinguished our Nation from many other countries around the world, and it has helped ensure that our democracy remains in the hands of the people.  The National Security Act of 1947, which established the Department of Defense, included a provision prohibiting any individual ``within ten years'' of ``active duty as a commissioned officer in a regular component of the armed services'' from being appointed as the Secretary of Defense. However, in 1950, President Harry Truman nominated former Secretary of State and former Chief of Staff of the United States Army General George Marshall to serve as the Secretary of Defense, thus causing Congress to pass an exception to the statute.  While Congress ultimately waived the restriction for General Marshall, the law included a nonbinding section that stated: ``It is hereby expressed as the intent of the Congress that the authority granted by this Act is not to be construed as approval by the Congress of the continuing appointments of military men to the office of Secretary of Defense in the future. It is hereby expressed as the sense of the Congress that after General Marshall leaves the office of the Secretary of Defense, no additional appointments of military men to that office shall be approved.''  Nearly 70 years later, Congress again must make a determination if an exception should be made in the case of General Mattis. Let me remind my colleagues why making this change is so significant. During our committee hearings, Dr. Kathleen Hicks astutely noted: ``The Defense Secretary position is unique in our system. Other than the President acting as commander in chief, the Secretary of Defense is the only civilian official in the operational chain of command to the Armed Forces. Unlike the President, however, he or she is not an elected official.''  As I stated during the committee's consideration of the waiver legislation, we must be very cautious about any actions, including this legislation, that may inadvertently politicize our Armed Forces. During this past Presidential election cycle, both Democrats and Republicans came dangerously close to compromising the nonpartisan nature of our military with the nominating convention speeches from recently retired general officers advocating for a candidate for President.  I am also concerned about providing a waiver for General Mattis in light of the fact that he will join other recently retired senior military officers who have been selected for high-ranking national security positions in the Trump Administration. Throughout our Nation's history, retired general officers have often held positions at the highest levels of government as civilians. In fact, a few have even been elected President.  What concerns me, however, is the total number of retired senior military officers chosen by the President-elect to lead organizations critical to our national security and the cumulative affect it may have on our overall national security policy. Specifically, there may be unintended consequences having so many senior leaders with similar military backgrounds crafting policy and making decisions as weighty as those facing the next administration.  In the course of our review of General Mattis' nomination, the reason most often cited in support of a waiver allowing him to serve is that a retired four-star general known for his war-fighting skills and strategic judgment to lead the Department of Defense will counterbalance the President-elect's lack of defense and foreign policy experience. As Tom Ricks wrote recently in The New York Times: ``Usually I'd oppose having a general as Secretary of Defense, because it could undermine our tradition of civilian control of the military. But these are not normal times.''  Likewise, Dr. Eliot Cohen testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee earlier this week, and he argued that if it weren't for his deep concern about the Trump Administration, he would oppose the waiver for General Mattis. Specifically, he stated: ``There is no question in my mind that a Secretary Mattis would be a stabilizing and moderating force . . . and over time, helping to steer American foreign and security policy in a sound and sensible direction.''  If Congress provides an exception for General Mattis, we must be mindful of the precedent that action sets for such waivers in the future. The restriction was enacted into law for good reason, and General George Marshall is the only retired military officer to receive this exception.  Based on General Mattis' testimony this morning, as well as his decades of distinguished service in the U.S. Marine Corps, and weighing all of the other factors, I will support a waiver for him to serve as Secretary of Defense. General Mattis testified to the fact that the role of Congress does not end with the passage of this legislation. As Dr. Hicks stated, ``The United States Congress, the nation's statutes and courts, the professionalism of our Armed Forces, and the will of the people are critical safeguards against any perceived attempts to fundamentally alter the quality of civilian control of the military in this country.''  Any of us who support this bill have a profound duty to ensure that the Department of Defense and its leaders,both civilian and military, are following and protecting the principles upon which this country is founded.  Let me be very clear. I will not support a waiver for any future nominees under the incoming administration or future administrations. I view this as a generational exception, as our bipartisan witnesses recommended. I would ask that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle make this same commitment. Indeed, I intend to propose reestablishing the original 10-year ban which was in place when the Defense Department was established. Restoring the threshold for service to 10 years would send a strong signal that this principle of civilian control of the military is essential to our Democratic system of government.  At this point I would ask if the chairman of the committee might engage in a colloquy. I do that first by thanking him for the extraordinarily fair, thoughtful, and careful way he has guided this nomination through the committee and here to the floor.  I wish to thank the Senator from Arizona for the thoughtful and thorough process we have had in considering the nomination of General Mattis. I think one of the high points was a hearing on civilian military relations with Eliot Cohen and Kathleen Hicks. Both witnesses emphasized that while they supported this waiver, it should be a rare, generational exception to ensure the integrity of civilian control of our military, which is the bedrock of our democracy.  I agree wholeheartedly with that assessment, and I would ask the chairman if he also agrees with that assessment.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I would say that I also agree. I want to thank the Senator from Rhode Island for his leadership, and I want to thank him for setting the tenor and the environment that surrounds the Armed Services Committee, which resulted in the 24-to-3 vote today in the Armed Services Committee. Because of the relationship that we have, but also because of his leadership, we have a very bipartisan committee, which is vital to maintain, considering the awesome responsibilities we hold.  The Senator from Rhode Island has displayed time after time a willingness to work together for the good of the country. I think this is the latest example, even though he had significant reservations--which are valid--concerning the short period of transition from wearing the uniform to holding down the highest civilian position as far as defense of the Nation is concerned. I know he didn't reach this conclusion without a lot of thought, a lot of study, a lot of--as he has displayed--references to history; reasons for the origination of this legislation, which requires 7 years before an individual is eligible to be Secretary of Defense after leaving the military.  So I just wanted to thank the Senator from Rhode Island, and I look forward to an overwhelming vote.  Mr. President, could I ask the parliamentary situation as it is right now.  