President, after a great deal of careful thought and consideration, I have decided to oppose Senator Sessions' nomination to be the next Attorney General of the United States.  I have long served with Senator Sessions. While he and I have frequently disagreed on certain legal and civil rights issues, I have never doubted the sincerity or heartfelt nature of his positions. I am deeply concerned, however, that he cannot be the effective check on the Executive Branch that our nation currently needs.  In just the short time since President Donald Trump took office, our Nation has faced upheaval and challenges to the way our government typically runs. The President's unprecedented refusal to divest himself of his business holdings while in office has created legal and constitutional conflicts that are unique in our Nation's history. His use of social media to antagonize American businesses has already caused needless volatility in our economy, which is the cornerstone of global financial stability. Most recently, he has unilaterally enacted a ban on travel to the United States from several Muslim-majority countries--creating chaos in airports, separating families, and tarnishing our Nation's image around the world. It is of great concern to me that Senator Sessions has already stated his unwillingness, if confirmed, to recuse himself from investigations into potentially unlawful activities of the Trump campaign and Trump administration.  Moreover, Senator Sessions and I disagree on how the law should treat immigrants, refugees, the LGBTQ community, women, and racial minorities, among others. These disagreements go to the heart of the Justice Department's law enforcement and civil rights functions. For instance, in 2013, Senator Sessions voted against a bipartisan effort to reform our Nation's immigration laws. This effort garnered overwhelming support from both sides of the aisle and would have done much to address the immigration problems facing us today. He also voted against the 2013 reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act, which provides much-needed support to and protections for some of the most vulnerable people in our communities--and is overseen by the Justice Department that he hopes to administer. Additionally, his statements and votes in opposition to reaffirming the prohibition on torture run counter to our values and basic precepts of international law. And he has voted against every recent effort in this Chamber to establish the most basic, commonsense laws that would keep our communities safe from the threat of gun violence. He also has called into question the Voting Rights Act and praised the Supreme Court's harmful decision striking down a key section of this law.  These are just some of the clear disagreements I have with the positions Senator Sessions has taken over the years, which cause me to doubt his ability to effectively lead the Justice Department. Our next Attorney General should be a champion for all Americans' civil rights and civil liberties. The occupant of that office should give Americans confidence in our judiciary, our elections, and the impartial due process that is the hallmark of the rule of law. Therefore, I cannot support Senator Sessions' nomination to be Attorney General of the United States.  