 Mr. President, I want to join my colleagues in expressing strong opposition to the Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act and to ask my Republican colleagues to abandon these efforts. They are crafted behind closed doors, and they embrace a huge tax cut for the wealthy at the expense of the most vulnerable among us.  Indeed, I implore Republicans to work with us on a bipartisan basis, in good faith, to make improvements to our healthcare system. We can make these improvements. I hope we can.  Just a couple of weeks ago, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office told us that 23 million Americans would lose health insurance under TrumpCare. Let me say that again: 23 million Americans will lose health insurance under the Republican bill. That is more people than live in Alaska, Delaware, Hawaii, Idaho, Kansas, Maine, Montana, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia, Wyoming, the District of Columbia, and my home State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations combined--a huge portion of Americans. That is a shocking number.  What is worse is that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle plan to dismantle our healthcare system--one-sixth of the country's economy--without so much as a hearing to get input on the bill. Their bill is being written in secret, and from what we can glean of the process the Republicans are employing, we likely will not even see the text in the near future, although I am encouraged that there is some discussion of releasing the text tomorrow. Regardless of whether it is released tomorrow, there has been no deliberate consideration in a hearing. There has been no thoughtful interaction between Republicans and Democrats.  In sharp contrast, I was a member of the HELP Committee while we drafted the Affordable Care Act. The Senate spent 25 consecutive days in session on consideration of the Affordable Care Act, the second longest consecutive session in the history of the Senate. The Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, which I served on at the time, held more than 47 bipartisan hearings, roundtables, and walkthroughs on health reform. In fact, the HELP Committee considered over 300 amendments over the course of a month-long markup, one of the longest in the history of the Congress.  Over half of the accepted amendments were from Republicans. This bipartisan input, along with testimony and consultation from healthcare organizations representing hospitals, doctors, nurses, and patients, among others, over the course of a year led to a better, more informed bill.  We have a lengthy legislative process for a reason. Yet the Republican leadership--up until this moment at least--continues to write their bill in secret as they look for ways to convince their caucus to support a bill that nearly every major healthcare organization opposes, to say nothing of the 23 million Americans across all of our States who would lose their health coverage, and millions more would seek increased costs because of TrumpCare.  I would like to remind everyone that these are real people who will be hurt if we go forward as my Republican colleagues intend to. These 23 million people are all our constituents, our family members, our friends and neighbors. In fact, since the beginning of this year, I have heard from thousands of my constituents from all walks of life, through phone calls, letters, emails, appearances at townhall events, and even those I see out and about shopping around the State or on the airplane to Washington and back to Rhode Island. They have all indicated how they have benefited from the ACA and how TrumpCare could have a devastating impact on their families.  For example, David from Providence, RI, wrote to me to tell me how his life has been affected by the Affordable Care Act. He said:       I don't usually write Senators, actually I've never written      a Senator. I have great concerns about my healthcare. I have      a preexisting condition, two heart attacks and open heart      surgery, triple bypass. I had medical issues and needed to      leave my position at a full-time job 3 years ago to get      well. During that leave, the company went chapter 11. I      lost my healthcare and had no income. I was able to      acquire Medical Insurance through the Affordable Care Act.      I started my own design business as a sole proprietor and      worked a second job to make ends meet. My healthcare was      subsidized for two years. I am now successful in my design      business and will be paying back the subsidy for this year      and no longer need the subsidy going forward. I am able to      purchase affordable healthcare through the Health      Connection in RI. Affordable healthcare and the subsidy      were there when I needed it. This allowed me to start my      business and become a successful business/sole proprietor      in RI. It is critical for my continued success to have      access to affordable healthcare and not be judged by      preexisting conditions.  As David describes, the Affordable Care Act gave individuals and families control over their healthcare for the first time. He was able to get the care he needed, regardless of preexisting conditions, and able to start a new business. This is something I have heard a number of times from my constituents.  I have also heard from Andrew and his wife in Little Compton, RI, who decided to strike out on their own and open a dairy farm after the Affordable Care Act was implemented. Andrew said: ``We took this plunge and started a business knowing that the stability of health care was there--we have a four year old daughter--and if it goes away, we are not sure what we will do.''  Time and again, I hear from Rhode Islanders who are now free to take risks and start new businesses and other creative pursuits knowing that they will be able to access affordable healthcare. I ask my Republican colleagues: Do you want to go back to the days when people are locked into their jobs for health insurance? The only reason they are there is for health insurance. Their creativity, their ability to innovate and to invigorate our economy is stifled literally because they need the health insurance. Do you want to discourage your constituents from starting new businesses? Under TrumpCare, people like David, with preexisting conditions, would not have the option, and Andrew and his wife may not have been willing to take on the risk of leaving a job with health insurance to start a new business.  However, as we speak, my Republican colleagues are meeting in secret planning to take away these opportunities. I encourage my Republican colleagues to meet with their constituents, to hear their stories about the ACA. They are not unique to Rhode Island.  It is not enough to just ban insurance companies from denying coverage to people with preexisting conditions. The ACA eliminated annual and lifetime limits. In fact, yesterday I bumped into a family--two families--one with an adorable little girl who had a tracheotomy and who was being pushed around in a stroller. She is about 2 or 3 years old. And I met some other children, another young boy named Tim with a tracheotomy. Today I found out that their problem is lifetime limits. These are very young children, 2 years, 3 years old. Most insurance policies, except for the ACA, would have a lifetime limit. Now, you might be able to go buy it, but before these youngsters are 10, 12, or 13 years old, they will not have health insurance for the rest of their life.  So it is not just the preexisting conditions. The ACA eliminated annual and lifetime limits. When I saw those darling children yesterday, I just knew that has to be the law. Otherwise, it is just a matter of time. Maybe in 5 years, maybe in 6 years, but the kind of conditions they have, at some point, they will hit that limit and at some point the insurance company will say: No thanks.  We made those changes in the ACA. They are going to be disposed of in the proposals I have seen. The ACA requires coverage of basic healthcare services like maternity care. That is not guaranteed.  Before the ACA, insurance companies would cut off coverage just when it was needed most and priced people with health conditions out of the market. These are not abstract concepts. I hear from constituents each and every day about the importance of the critical consumer protections under the ACA,and TrumpCare would undermine all of these.  Susan from Warwick wrote me to say:       ObamaCare saved my life. Please keep fighting to make      affordable healthcare available to all Americans. I was      diagnosed with Acute Myeloid Leukemia in 2012. I have my own      business and pay for my own health insurance. We always      purchased what we thought was adequate, but I'd reached the      limit on my policy within just a few weeks of cancer      treatment. That left me with huge bills, a need for more      expensive coverage in order to obtain lifesaving treatment .      . . and technically with a ``preexisting condition--cancer.''  Susan knows that insurance doesn't mean much if you are sick and have limits on your care. She goes on to say:       I am horrified by the Republican plan to replace Obamacare.      Health care is not a luxury. It should be available to all. I      never want anyone else to experience the fear I did when my      insurance ran out and I realized the care that could save my      life might not be available to me. Before we found additional      insurance--and jumped through hoops to get it--we looked at      selling the house, emptying our IRAs and savings account to      pay for my care. It would not have been enough.  Cynthia from Woonsocket, RI, wrote to me to tell me about how TrumpCare would undermine care for people like herself with Parkinson's disease. Specifically, Cynthia wrote about how patients with Parkinson's rely on the essential healthcare benefits required under the Affordable Care Act, including rehabilitative services, mental healthcare, and access to prescription drugs. TrumpCare would do away with these benefits.  Cynthia also points out that the average age of diagnosis of Parkinson's is around 60 years old. However, TrumpCare creates an age tax, leading to skyrocketing costs for this very population. Cynthia also said in her letter that one-third of patients with Parkinson's access care through Medicaid. She says TrumpCare puts all of those patients at risk of losing care. As a patient, she knows better than most that without these existing protections, health insurance will not actually cover the care that is needed.  To add more detail on how critical Medicaid can be, especially to seniors, a constituent living in a nursing home in Pascoag wrote to me to say:       I am 101 years old and enjoy every day to the best of my      ability. I am petrified that many of the programs that I rely      on for my health and well-being, indeed my life, will be      reduced or even eliminated. Please protect my access to      Medicaid. DO NOT make Medicaid a block grant to the states.      My daughter is helping me to send this communication to you.      Please do not forsake me.  So I ask my colleagues: How do you intend to protect her access to nursing home care while cutting Medicaid by over $800 billion? Block-granting Medicaid, as Republicans have proposed to do, will reduce Medicaid funding by at least 25 percent over the next decade and leave States unable to maintain current Medicaid programs, leaving behind our most vulnerable.  Indeed, the most significant costs for Medicaid in my State and every other State is nursing home care. It is exactly those men and women, like my constituent from Pascoag, a vigorous 101-year-old, who will be forced to pay more, who will be forced because of cutbacks in service at the facility not to have two or three people on duty but just one. All of that we can foresee, and we only can prevent it if we reject this attempt to replace, to repeal, to undercut affordable care.  Now, this Medicaid crisis is serious, and it is not just going to affect the healthcare sector because we know the pressure is on the States to make up some of this lost funding. It will not just be by transferring funds within healthcare efforts. They will have to go everywhere through their budgets: That is K through 12 education. That is infrastructure. That is law enforcement. That is all the things States and localities do but particularly States. They will try to plug the gap because they will have people, like I have described who have written me, coming and not just demanding but obviously in need of healthcare, and they will try to respond, but the response will affect our competitiveness, our education systems, our productivity, when you can't fix infrastructure, and it will be a profound impact.  In fact, a significant number of jobs in my State and a significant number of jobs projected for the future are in the healthcare industry. When this significant reduction of resources to the healthcare sector comes about, the jobs will go, too, because without the resources, you will not employ people--you can't employ people.  Let me share a letter from one of my constituents because it succinctly describes what TrumpCare will really mean for this country. Glenn and Paula from Wakefield, RI, shared a letter from their daughter, Gianna, who has type 1 diabetes, saying:       Let me offer you a translation of what your votes mean: I      will die younger and sicker. Probably much sicker. My kids      will have a mother for less of their lives. Your votes are      what will cause this. Because no matter how consciously I      care for myself, no matter how responsible I am, it won't      matter if my insurance refuses to cover me. And it won't      matter for you either, if you are one of the vast majority of      Americans who will end up with a pre-existing condition over      the course of your life. If you think you can simply pay the      costs yourself, you are in for a rude awakening.  These are only a few examples of the letters, calls, and emails I have received from constituents. The response in opposition to TrumpCare has been overwhelming by the very people whom it will impact the most. I hope my colleagues will listen to these concerns, not just the Rhode Island stories I am sharing today but also from their own constituents. People's lives are at stake.  I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to abandon this effort to pass TrumpCare and start working with us on bipartisan solutions to improve our healthcare system.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  