  I want to make a few quick points as we conclude this debate today, and then I want to speak to the people watching who may not believe what the Senate could be headed toward today--who are shocked and angry, frustrated and hurt.  First and foremost, I believe Dr. Ford. I believe her when she shared her experience of being assaulted by Judge Kavanaugh. I believe her because of what she said, and she remembered with 100 percent certainty.  I believe her despite what some Republicans are trying to use to tear her down because I know trauma experts tell us survivors may not remember every single detail of these events.  I believe Republican leaders and President Trump did everything they could to hide the facts and rush this through because they were afraid of what a full investigation would show, and I believe it is simply wrong to rush to a finish on this confirmation based on that alone.  I also believe that what we saw of Judge Kavanaugh's temperament in the hearing last week--his bitter partisanship, his rage, his disrespect--was absolutely disqualifying as well and will undermine the Supreme Court and erode trust in the decisions they make.  I believe the lack of credibility and honesty he demonstrated in his hearings, which I and my colleagues have spoken about at great length, is absolutely disqualifying as well, and this isn't just me saying this. We are hearing an unprecedented outcry on this particular point from lawyers and judges and former clerks and the religious community, and even Supreme Court Justice Stevens. Even setting aside those issues, before Dr. Ford's allegations came out and before we saw more of Judge Kavanaugh in those hearings, I opposed his nomination because it was so clear he was picked by President Trump for a few key reasons.  Specifically, he would overturn Roe v. Wade and gut women's healthcare; he would gut healthcare reform and end protections for patients with preexisting conditions; and he would protect President Trump with his disturbingly expansive view on Presidential power, which is particularly dangerous when we have a President under investigation with members of his campaign and administration going to jail and facing indictments.  That is not all we know about him, but we know those things, and to me that was enough to make my decision. So I do oppose Judge Kavanaugh, and I hope we can do the right thing in the Senate today.  I want to spend the rest of my few minutes this morning making a different point and not just to my colleagues but to the people who are watching from home and across the country because I am very concerned about the message Republican leaders are sending today to women and girls and survivors--the message they are delivering on the Senate floor, at rallies, through the press, and directly to the people.  To Dr. Ford and Ms. Ramirez, and so many other women, girls and survivors, these Republicans are saying your voices don't matter. Your experiences, your trauma, your pain, your heartache, your anger--none of that matters.  