 President, I have come to the floor to oppose the nomination of James Blew for Assistant Secretary for Planning, Evaluation, and Policy Development at the Department of Education. I am opposing this nomination on behalf of the millions of parents, students, and teachers who made it clear during Secretary DeVos's confirmation process that they believe the Department of Education's top priorities should be helping to educate our students and supporting our public schools. They made it clear when they posted on social media, voicing concerns about Secretary DeVos's lack of experience and knowledge during her hearing in front of our HELP Committee, when they overwhelmed the Senate switchboard urging their Senators to vote against her nomination, and when they took to the streets to protest her nomination and her ideological agenda.  They made it clear that they believe every student has the right to a high quality public education--no matter where they live, how they learn, or how much money their parents make. Despite an unprecedented tie-breaking vote by Vice President Pence, Secretary DeVos has ignored the public's overwhelming rejection to her extreme ideology. Instead, she continues to promote her privatization agenda, trying to shift taxpayer funds away from our public schools.  She is ignoring key parts of our Nation's K-12 law by refusing to hold States accountable for the success of our most vulnerable students. She is making it easier for predatory for-profit colleges and corporations to take advantage of students, rolling back protections for students and dismantling the unit that investigates claims of fraud and abuse. Time and again, she is failing our students and her duty to protect their civil rights.  She has tried to shrink the Office for Civil Rights, has rescinded guidance for schools on how to investigate claims of campus sexual assault, and has rolled back rules that protect transgender students, students of color, and students with disabilities.  All of those students, parents, and teachers who voiced their concerns about Secretary DeVos during her nomination have not gone away. They are still making their voices heard, demanding that the Department of Education start standing up for students.  Unfortunately, Mr. Blew, whose nomination is before us, has made it clear that he is cut from the same cloth. During his career, Mr. Blew has advocated for vouchers. He has failed to adequately support teachers with the tools they need to help their students succeed. He has even worked closely with and helped to fund Secretary DeVos's privatization efforts.  The Office of Planning, Evaluation and Policy Development advises the Secretary in developing and implementing policy, which impacts every student in our country. It is a critical position. Given the actions and decisions by Secretary DeVos, it is very clear that we need an independent voice in this position. Unfortunately, Mr. Blew has proven that he is not up for that challenge. For that reason, I will vote against his nomination. I ask my colleagues to do the same.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  