 President, earlier this year, I heard from an elementary school principal in Washington State about how the opioid crisis was hurting the kids in his school. Students at his school were having trouble focusing in class as they dealt with the trauma of a family member's substance use at home. Some of his teachers were having trouble understanding how best to help those students with their trauma.  I also heard from the staff at a hospital about how they deliver many babies to mothers struggling with opioid addiction. Many are born with neonatal abstinence syndrome, battling with symptoms of withdrawal.  I have heard from countless other families across my home State of Washington about how the opioid crisis has impacted their loved ones.  Our communities have been crying out for action to address the root causes and ripple effects of the opioid crisis that have caused so much heartbreak for so many people. Today, we are making an important step to answer that call.  The legislation we are passing today includes a wide set of policy solutions from both sides of the aisle to help tackle this problem from many different angles. Many people helped craft this legislation and offered their own valuable insights, ideas, and solutions, and I am grateful to all of them.  I especially want to thank the committee leaders in both Chambers who did so much to bring this together: Senators Wyden, Feinstein, Alexander, Hatch, and Grassley in the Senate, and Congressmen Pallone, Neal, Nadler, Walden, Brady, and Goodlatte in the House.  I am grateful to Leader Schumer and Leader McConnell and several others who were particularly helpful in this process.  I thank Senators Heitkamp, Donnelly, Markey, Hassan, Casey, Manchin, McCaskill, Baldwin, Nelson, Kaine, and so many more. And of course I thank my staff and the many other members of the staff who worked on this as well.  The bill we all crafted together is a meaningful, bipartisan compromise. It is not what I would have written on my own, and it is not what other colleagues would have written on their own, but it is a collection of impactful, commonsense solutions where we were able to find common ground--ideas that respond to the root causes and the ripple effects our communities are facing.  It includes support for State efforts to improve plans for safe care for children born to mothers battling substance use disorders, like those at the hospital I visited. It ensures that the Health Department is implementing strategies already identified to protect moms and babies from the effects of opioid substance abuse.  It includes provisions to develop a task force and grants to help support trauma-informed care programs and increase access to mental health care for children and families in their communities, including at schools like the one the principal told me about, and provisions to build on critical public health activities to prevent opioid misuse from occurring in the first place.  It includes provisions to address the economic and workforce impacts of the opioid crisis, such as support for training to help the nearly 1 million people out of work due to opioid use disorder to gain and retain employment, as well as provisions to strengthen our behavioral workforce so patients and families can access the treatment they need.  It continues meaningful grants that help States address the most pressing problems associated with substance use disorders in their communities and makes those grants more flexible and available to our Tribal communities who are suffering deeply with the impact of substance use disorders.  It expands access to treatment services by making more providers eligible to prescribe medication-assisted treatment.  It includes provisions to help the Food and Drug Administration address the crisis as well, such as giving it new authority over packaging and disposal of opioids, as well as many other steps to help those on the frontlines of this epidemic.  I am glad we can include so many voices in this discussion and that it led to a bill that offers so many ideas to address the different angles of this crisis. I look forward to seeing this bill become law so it can start helping our families and communities as we work to reach everyone impacted by this nationwide fight against opioid use disorder.  This is an important bill, and it is an impactful step forward. It is not a final step by any means. The opioid crisis is ongoing, and our efforts to address it must be as well. I am going to keep listening to people in Washington State about what they need to respond to this question and working with my colleagues in Washington, DC, to provide the resources and solutions that will help make a difference.  I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation.  I yield the floor.  