Speaker, I rise in support of the amendment to H.R. 2845, the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011.  Enacting pipeline safety this year has been a personal priority of mine and a top priority of the entire Energy and Commerce Committee on a very strong bipartisan basis. This legislation is the product of collaboration between our committee, Energy and Commerce members, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Senate Committee on Commerce; and it reflects consensus across party lines.  With it, we make great strides to ensure our Nation's energy supplies are transported in as safe a manner as possible. Over the last couple of years, several major pipeline accidents have occurred across the country that revealed specific gaps in pipeline safety laws and regulations. It is our duty in Congress to look at these events and determine what we can do to better protect the public and the environment.  Among these accidents was a 20,000-barrel oil pipeline spill in a tributary of the Kalamazoo River, just outside of my district. The spill forced dozens of families out of their homes--in many cases, permanently--and caused extensive environmental damage to a waterway many residents enjoyed for fishing and canoeing.  Unfortunately, this is not the only major accident in recent memory. The September 2010 gas pipeline explosion in San Bruno, California, killed eight people and destroyed 37 homes. Another gas line explosion last year in Allentown, Pennsylvania, killed five people as well. And this summer, an oil pipeline buried underneath the iconic Yellowstone River in Wyoming ruptured and sent over 1,000 barrels of crude oil downstream.  These incidents highlighted, certainly, shortcomings in our Nation's pipeline safety laws, and today we are here to correct that.  The legislation before us today offers historic improvements to the manner in which the Federal Government regulates energy pipelines. It accomplishes this by strengthening standards in several areas, while maintaining the continued economical delivery of vital energy supplies. For these reasons, this bill enjoys the support of a broad array of stakeholders, from the Pipeline Safety Trust to the American Gas Association, the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America, the Gas Processors Association, and the Association of Oil Pipe Lines.  The bill is several months in the making and could not have been accomplished without the hard work and dedication of a bipartisan group of Members. This is a topic many of us take very seriously, as it affected us and our constituents on a personal level. And today we can say party affiliation and politics have taken a back seat to accomplishing the people's work, and for that, I must offer my heartfelt thanks.  Congratulations to the chairman emeritus of the Energy and Commerce Committee who is on the floor tonight, John Dingell; the ranking member of the committee who is, again, on the House floor, Henry Waxman; the chairman of the Transportation Committee, John Mica; and the chairman of the Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials, Bill Shuster.  I urge all Members to support this legislation.  