Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I can only agree with what has been said about FEMA. And if I thought for a moment that homeland security would not become a reality, I would be supporting the gentleman from Minnesota's (Mr. Oberstar) amendment. But I am also a very practical individual who believes that if we are going to have homeland security and FEMA is in it, it ought to be an entity as one unit. I frankly do not know how this got into the committee's markup because what it does is weaken FEMA.  It actually, I believe, is a turf war, and I think that is very unfortunate because at the very beginning when President Bush asked for Homeland Security, I told him personally that my opposition to the proposal was not a turf war, it was how it was going to be constructed. I will give the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Armey) credit and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi) credit for, in fact, answering most of my questions on the Coast Guard, and I thank them for that because it is the right thing to do.  I do think it was wrong thing to do to divide FEMA. I believe FEMA should stay intact as an entity so it can do the job people expect it to do, so it can do the job it has done and will continue to do the job under the Homeland Security bill. A lot has been said here about the importance of FEMA responding, and as all of my colleagues know it, in the New York tragedy that happened with the terrorists, FEMA was on the frontlines and did an outstanding job. So I compliment FEMA for that.  Much has been said about who supports and who does not support. I can say that I have found no one that opposes my amendment other than the Committee on the Judiciary. The firefighters support my amendment, as they should. The FEMA people themselves support my amendment as an entity. This was not the President's suggestion. This, in fact, was the ad hoc committee's suggestion.  I think in retrospect, as they look at it, maybe there was a slight mistake made, not intentionally, but because someone else asked for it and did not understand the ratification of it. So I am asking my colleagues tonight and hopefully in the vote tomorrow that if the gentleman from Minnesota's (Mr. Oberstar) amendment fails to at least accept the idea of keeping FEMA as an entity, because if that was not to happen, I think we would lose the total effectiveness of FEMA as a respondent, as we mentioned, to earthquakes and terrorists attacks, et cetera.  So I again ask my colleagues to support this amendment and make sure that we have an agency that can do the job correctly under the Secretary of Homeland Security.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  