Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Reynolds) for his efforts and the Committee on Rules to bring forth a good rule, because really that is what we are supposed to be talking about.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to bring up a couple of points. Number one, when I originally sponsored this legislation, it is what I would like to have had adopted. There has been again this consultation, some agreements made, and I will oppose the amendments that will be offered, knowing full well that many of those amendments have great merit. But this is a small step forward, and it really should have been done a long time ago.  I would just like to ask my colleagues to think a moment. Do we really think that 9-11 would have happened if our pilots had been armed as they should have been armed, as they were armed in 1984? Do we think that those terrorists would have had a chance if they knew those pilots would have been armed and the pilots were trained, as they are under this bill, in knowing how to respond in case of an attack on the cockpit? Do we think for a second that the tragedy that occurred on 9-11 would have been a reality as it is today?  Now, I have heard people tell me, well, once we get all of the safety programs in place at the airports, we will not need to have an armed pilot. The captain of that ship is still responsible for the ship and his passengers, just as under maritime law, and I am one of those. Our duty is to protect the passengers, our cargo, and to maintain control of the ship at all times. The only way we can do that is make sure they are armed adequately to defend themselves and their passengers and their cargo against those who would take it away from them, such as a mutiny or a terrorist attack.  I suggest respectfully to those that oppose this legislation and those who say it is not necessary are not looking at the reality. We are not El Al. We are, in fact, having 20 million flights a day or a year take off from our airports. That is much more, it is much more than any other country. We are a nation of air travel. I think it is very, very important that we recognize that and pass this legislation and make sure that the President, the other body, and all of those involved in this understand that this is a final step to make sure that when I get on that airplane I will arrive safely at my destination, even if there is an attempt to take that airplane, because I know that pilot will have the ability to defend that cockpit and make my trip safer. That is what we are trying to do here today. It is a right, it is a necessity, it is what we should be doing on this floor for our flying people. It is important today to make sure we pass this legislation.  