Mr. Chairman, if I can remind my good friend from Texas, they all came from the Committee on the Judiciary that signed that letter.  Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LaTourette), chairman of a very, very important subcommittee under the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure that handles FEMA.  Mr. LaTOURETTE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding me time.  Mr. Chairman, I want to preface my statement by making clear that I support our first responders and the vital worth they do in protecting our citizens.  I also want to indicate my tremendous respect for the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Smith) and the fine work he does for Congress and in the Committee on the Judiciary. But I am sad. I am sad because when we were dealing with the supplementary appropriations bill in this Congress, there is a turf battle that has developed. A turf battle that the President of the United States said we should not be having as we establish a Department of Homeland Security.  And the Committee on Judiciary sadly continues to come before the Members of our body and say they want to keep a program that the President of the United States says he wants to abolish, has defunded in the budget he sent here in February, and we have a fight over $175 million. And who is better to distribute that money to the first responders across America?  Is it a department within the Department of Justice or is it FEMA? The Department of Justice's Office of Justice Programs is continuing to fund duplicative and overlapping programs. Our subcommittee has held numerous hearings on preparedness and response. The GAO has issued several reports on the issue. The subcommittee's findings and independent studies are consistent in their message to the Congress, we must stop spending money on duplicative and overlapping programs.  Mr. Chairman, I respectfully respect every member of the Committee on the Judiciary, but they are wrong. The gentleman from Alaska (Chairman Young) is right and we need to support his amendment.  