Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time, and I feel a sense of frustration similar to some who have expressed it on the floor today, because I joined some of my colleagues in the Committee on Rules in seeking support for a rule to allow the CR to be brought up to do one primary thing, to keep the government running beyond tomorrow night at midnight.  Now, there may be some who would like to see the government close down and play the blame game: ``it is your fault, or it is your fault, or it is our fault, or it is their fault.'' The problem is, the blame game does not get us anywhere.  Now, we are here today with a CR because the appropriations bills have not become law. Today we passed the conference reports on the defense bill with a very healthy bipartisan vote and on the military construction bill with a very bipartisan vote. Those are two good bills, and we had promised the President we would get them to his desk before any others. But if anybody listening to this debate believes that we have not passed the appropriations bills because the Committee on Appropriations has not done its job, they are mistaken. If anyone believes that the appropriations process has broken down, they are mistaken.  There was a breakdown. The breakdown was in the budget process. It totally collapsed. And it collapsed because the law was not followed. The Budget Act was not obeyed. The Budget Act provides that the House pass a budget resolution; send it to the other body, the way we do other legislation; the other body passed a budget resolution; the two Houses come together in a conference committee and work out the differences; and then report back to the House and report back to the Senate the ideal budget resolution with the same numbers and the same words. As all my colleagues know, a conference report has to be identical.  Here is where the breakdown occurred. The House passed a budget resolution. Whether you voted for it or did not vote for it, whether you liked it or did not like it, the House passed a budget resolution. The other body did not. So during the appropriations process we have been dealing with a broken budget process because the top number, the 302(a) number which is the overall budget number for discretionary spending, is one number in the other body and a different number in the House.  Now, I have been seeking a mathematician ever since that happened to tell me how we can reconcile these appropriations bills when one top number is $9 billion higher than the other one. Either the high one has to come down or the low one has to come up or they have to meet in the middle somewhere. This has not happened so the budget process totally collapsed.  Nevertheless, the Committee on Appropriations has continued to do its work. We have already passed and sent to the other body a number of appropriations bills, including the two we passed today, the Defense and Military Construction bills. We have also sent the Interior bill to the other body and, we have sent the Treasury, Postal bill the legislative branch bill to the other body. And I would report to you, Mr. Speaker, that we are prepared to send all the other bills to the other body after they are considered here. The committee has marked up those appropriation bills and they are ready for consideration.  Someone asked about an omnibus bill, and I would have to suggest that at this late period in this process that may be the way out, that is, to do an omnibus bill. As a matter of fact, seeing this day coming, I could prepare anomnibus bill, and I could add it to a CR. We are going to be back here next week. By the time we get back here next week, I could have another CR ready that would have an omnibus appropriation bill on it that would finalize our business as far as the House is concerned.  So that is sort of the history of where we are and why we are here. The appropriations process did not break down; the budget process did. And most of the bills that we reported from committee had general support from both parties; and all of those bills were reported out of the committee with good solid votes. But now the bill we are considering today, Mr. Speaker, has to do with a continuing resolution to keep the government functioning beyond midnight tomorrow night.  After writing and rewriting several different continuing resolutions, we introduced the first one last night. Since then, we have introduced three additional ones. We went to the Committee on Rules, they gave us a rule that would allow us to take up the CR that would take us to the 22nd of November. That does not mean we will quit and run and go home tomorrow or tonight. That means we have that much more time available to work on trying to conclude our business.  But along the way we ran into another obstacle, and that obstacle was that there are some people who did not think there was enough in this CR for an interest that they had. And I think their interest is legitimate, but there are legitimate interests all over this Congress that are not included in this CR because a CR is a temporary funding measure.  So we were hoping to bring this rule to the floor, get a bipartisan vote for it, take up the CR, and keep the government functioning so that the Congress could continue to do its work. Now we have found out that we may not have all the votes we need on our side to pass it and we may not get any votes on the minority side. That doesn't make it very bipartisan, to say the least. I have asked a number of my friends on the other side if we could have some votes to help us pass this rule, to make up for the votes we may lose on our side; and the answer was no, we are not going to vote for it.  If we could have had a little bit of cooperation, this rule could be out of here, the CR could be out of here, and all my colleagues could be on airplanes headed for home; and I would go back to the office and put the finishing touches on that omnibus appropriation bill and have it ready by next week. But instead, we are here.  We could use a little cooperation. Some of my friends on this side would not like it if we passed the rule the way it is currently written because they want their interests in this resolution, and I do not blame them. But sometimes we have to settle down, cut, and go to the finish line. And that is where we thought we were today, but evidently we are not.  Other than that, Mr. Speaker, I hope everybody has a nice day, nice weekend; and we will see everyone next week.  