Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Maritime Transportation Anti-terrorism Act of 2002; but I would also like to rise in appreciation for the chairman, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo) for the work that he has done on this legislation, to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Brown) for her work on this legislation.  Madam Speaker, I would suggest respectfully that this is about the best we can do at this time. It is badly needed, but I would also like to suggest that we have to make sure as we pass this legislation that the intent of what we are trying to do is implemented and does not go far beyond what we are suggesting in this legislation.  It is crucially important that our ports are protected, and we must protect them without interfering with commerce, and we will do so. One of goals of this legislation is to make sure that we will have the ability to not only look at what is on our ships, what is inside our containers, but also the crews of those ships and those that work within our ports.  I would also like to suggest that a port is a likely target and we have to accept that fact. The disruption that would occur, the damage that would happen, the interference with our commerce, lord only knows how much devastation would occur. This bill is a step in the right direction. But, again, I must suggest, Madam Speaker, that what we do here is not necessarily the end result. It is the result of what the agencies do and how they work together.  I want to suggest respectfully that those agencies that have the responsibility, TSA, Immigration, Customs, et cetera, have a responsibility to work together and to share information together so we can make sure that we have a secure port system within our Nation. I hope the American people realize that this is an attempt to make sure that no ports will suffer what happened on September 11, that we will protect our constituencies, we will protect our trade, we will protect this great United States with this legislation.  