Mr. Speaker, I listened with great interest to the ranking member, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), and his presentation. The gentleman and I participated and both signed off on the language in this resolution. That was last week. Nothing has changed. I am happy to say that this week my back does not hurt quite as much as it did last week, but the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Petri) raised this point, and I will say it again, this is for political purposes. It is really not the way to do business.  If Members remember, in fact, when the President came down with his budget, there was about $23 billion in the highway program. We on a bipartisan basis raised it to $27.1 billion, and this House voted on that level. But under a continuing resolution, I want to spend the money actually at $31.8 billion; and that is what we will do under this resolution as long as we are working under a continuing resolution. But there is a lot of what-ifs being brought up here. No Member believes that we will be working under a continuing resolution until August. That is very unlikely. I know the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) will not allow that, nor will myself.  The Senate has not acted, nor have we in the final conclusion of this highway program. I see the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) and his staff, and they signed off on this. The gentleman signed off on this. Everybody signed off on it. That really bothers me when I see Members trying to distort this on the floor of the House again for political purposes. I think that is improper. We have been a very bipartisan committee, and I will continue to do that; but do not use this floor to try to convey something that is not all true. Not all true.  We will be able to spend this money and the States will be able to program this money until August under this resolution. I expect truthfully when the Senate and the House get together, we will arrive at the $31 billion. I expect that to happen. So what we are doing is saying what if. We are in this position now. This is where we are going to be. I heard we are cutting jobs. We are not cutting anything in this resolution. Ithink it is improper to try to convey the idea that we are trying to do something that we did not agree to beforehand.  