Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) and all the members of the Committee on Appropriations on both sides of the aisle for having worked together so well this year to get our work where we are prepared to move, with very little notice, to complete this appropriations process. And it has been a good bipartisan effort.  On a bipartisan note, I wanted to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Stenholm). He and I exchanged some words earlier in the debate. He mentioned just in the last few minutes about the $400 billion increase in the debt. I want to talk about that just for a couple of minutes.  He is right. He has been a trooper in this House ever since he came here to try to balance the budget, as have many of us been here to try to balance the budget. But I think the gentleman from Texas would agree with me in what I am about to say. The discretionary appropriation bills that the gentleman from Wisconsin and I and our chairman and ranking members present to the House are not the real culprit in the deficit. Mandatory spending, back-door spending, spending over which the appropriations process has no control whatsoever, that is the problem.  For every dollar that we appropriate through our discretionary funds, there are two additional dollars, two additional dollars for every one that is spent through back-door spending, through mandatory programs. The latest example: the farm bill, the agriculture bill, which was like $106 billion over the baseline for a 10-year period. That is a lot of money over the baseline. But some of those who are giving us trouble on the discretionary spending bills lined up and voted for that bill. The director of the Office of Management and Budget, who has put such a top line lid on discretionary spending, signed off on that big agriculture bill.  So we have to be consistent. If we are going to control this budget deficit, we have to turn off both spigots. We watch the discretionary; we watch the mandatory. Because mandatory spending programs spend $2 for every $1 that we appropriate in the discretionary programs.  