Mr. Speaker, this bill was sponsored by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Hansen), the chairman of the Committee on Resources. Mount Naomi is located in the Wasatch-Cache National Forest near Logan, Utah in the gentleman from Utah's (Mr. Hansen) district.  It is a beautiful area composed of approximately 44,523 acres, making it one of the largest wilderness areas in the State of Utah. It is the host of many different families of both plants and animals and undoubtedly deserves wilderness protection.  Mount Naomi was designated a wilderness area by the Utah WildernessAct of 1984. However, some complications have arisen because of the close proximity of the wilderness boundary to Logan City limits. Management and maintenance problems have been reported by the Forest Service and Logan City.  Within the southwest corner of the wilderness boundary, lying adjacent to Logan City limits, is a utility corridor with several lines, including power, communication and water lines. This utility corridor existed prior to the designation of the wilderness area. Because no motorized or mechanized equipment is allowed to operate within the wilderness area, maintenance of these facilities is difficult, if not impossible, to conduct.  A simple adjustment of the wilderness boundary would provide a commonsense solution to both the utility corridor's maintenance and the Forest Service's management problems.  This legislation would adjust the wilderness boundary to exclude the 31-acre parcel that houses the utility corridor. The new boundary would follow the natural contour lines of Mount Naomi.  To compensate for this adjustment, and prevent a net loss of wilderness, the Forest Service has identified a separate 31-acre parcel with wilderness characteristics to the southern boundary of the wilderness area to be added. This adjustment would thus provide a manageable, natural boundary for the wilderness area.  This legislation has support from the local Forest Service, Logan City and Cache County, and is the smallest area needed to accomplish this purpose.  Additionally, a small portion of the Bonneville Shoreline Trail has been proposed within the 31-acre area adjacent to the Logan City limits. This portion of the trail would connect with a number of other trails in the Bonneville Shoreline Trail system and provide outstanding recreational opportunities to thousands of people each year. When completed, the trail system will travel along the shoreline of the ancient Lake Bonneville, which stretches from northern Utah to southern Utah, near present-day Cedar City.  This trail system has been incredibly popular for hikers, mountain bikers and equestrian traffic. This is the only portion of this trail system that lies within the wilderness area.  This is good legislation. I want to compliment the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Hansen) on proposing it and urge all my colleagues to support it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  