Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this amendment.  I think most of you heard me yesterday on the floor. This provision should not be in this bill. This legislation was introduced in the Committee on Resources and it never had a hearing because we did not want one. We do not believe it is necessary. It has been repeated before. There have been many studies. The studies show, in fact, that the native groups are doing quite well in the gaming industry.  Let us not kid ourselves, this is what this is all about. But also let us answer the question. I listened to my good friend, and I do respect him a great deal, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf) and his opposition to this amendment. He is really trying to target the gaming. Let us be knowledgeable about that and recognize that, and he has that right to do so. But he talks about the suicides and the poverty and the poor housing and the education level and the sewer problems, all those things that every Native American has faced over these years. Let us not kid ourselves. This is nothing new.  But you ask why that occurs. I will tell you why it occurs. One of the basic reasons why is they are tired of having people study them and tell them how to solve their problems, of having the people come in with their briefcases, the Governors and this person and that person and say, ``We're going to study you,'' and they have to respond to the study. It happens every day.  I live with them. I am close to them. My wife is native, my kids are Native American Indians, and I am proud of it. I think I have a little bit of knowledge about this. If you really want to help the Native Americans, let them help themselves, provide the money, but let them make the decisions, and not some commission. We know the problems. They know the problems. Let them solve those problems with their knowledge and their will and they will do it. We do not need another government study to explain this to everybody and spend that money out of needed funds. That is where these moneys are coming from. Let us give them credit. Intelligent, smart, persevering, if they have an opportunity and not the government to tell them how to do it and what they cannot do.  Let us say you can do it and we will help you. You know the old saying, a hand down will help everybody up. Let us not put our hand on their head again with another study. My God, if you go back to the history of this Congress, how many studies have we had and spent that money to take and identify the problem? In my case I will tell you. My 12 regional corporations know the problem. They are addressing the problem. They know what can be done and they want to do it themselves and the money that is being spent on this commission ought to go to solving those problems and letting them do it themselves. That is what we ought to be doing today. It should not be in this bill. I told the leadership it should not be in this bill. We should not attempt to try to do it again and again and again. It solves nothing.  There are those who will say this is about gambling. I guess maybe those that oppose this, taking it out, is about gambling. I happened to be the author of that original gambling bill with Mr. Udall. Some of you object to gambling and I understand that. I do not gamble myself, other than being elected once in a while. That is a gamble. But I will tell you one thing. I have visited most of these gambling establishments and seen what the people say about what it has done for their tribes. And, yes, there is outside involvement. You would not expect them not to have that. They hire the best. They do the job. If there is something illegally happening, then let us address that and we do that under the gambling commission and under the Justice Department. Both of those say there is nothing happening there that is illegal.  If you want to be against gambling, and I am all for that, let us eliminate all gambling. Let us not have racetracks in Virginia. They do not have racetracks, but lotto, pull tabs. What else? Racetracks in every other State. Gambling in some States. Let us look at that. But let us not have a so-called quasi-study to take and identify the problems when we know what the problems are. I urge this Congress to think about that a moment.  Let us let them help them lift themselves up. Let us not have a commission dictating to them what is wrong with their great race of people. That is all I ask you. Vote for this amendment. The gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Hayworth) is right on. I believe the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Kildee) is right on.  For you appropriators again, it is not your fault. I say this. I do blame the Committee on Rules and the leadership for not making this issue for a point of order. It should never have been protected. We would not have had this debate if we had gone through the legislative process.  Vote for the Hayworth amendment.  