Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I would announce to the House that the legislation before us, H.J. Res. 122, is the third continuing resolution for fiscal year 2003. It extends the date of the original CR that took us to midnight tomorrow night until midnight, Friday of next week, October 18th. The terms and conditions of the CR, the original CR remain in effect. We have gone over these terms twice already, so I will not go through them again. However, because the calendar has caught up with us a bit, we did have to add some new anomalies.  First of all, we provided funding to meet the fiscal year 2001 caseload for all appropriated entitlements, including child nutrition programs, food stamp programs, Medicaid grants to States, payments to Medicare trust funds, trade adjustment assistance programs, veterans entitlements, and supplemental security income payments. One of the new anomalies also provides for a 60-day window to process Medicare part B premiums for certain Medicaid-Medicare dual eligibles under a provision that expires on December 31, 2002.  In addition, new anomalies would provide funding adjustments for the following programs to ensure sufficient resources when we calculate the operating rate for the period of the CR, and those include the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, Immigration User Fee Account, Victims Compensation Program, Securities and Exchange Commission, District of Columbia repayment of loans and interest, Transportation Security Administration, and the Federal Aid Highway program.  This particular CR also provides legislative authorization to implement a new, no-subsidy cost to the United States, $3.8 billion foreign military financing 15-year loan to the Government of Poland so they can purchase 48, F-16 aircraft from the United States. And it is important that we do this in a timely fashion because there is competition; and if, by a certain date in November, this financing arrangement has not been agreed to, the Poles are going to another buyer or provider.  It extends the otherwise expiring authorizations for the U.S. Parole Commission and the HOPE 6 revitalization of severely distressed public housing program through the date of the CR, and prohibits the transfer of civil works missions of the Corps of Engineers to other agencies. It reinstates the dual-use authority, through the date of the CR, to allow the Export Import Bank to make loans that may include military equipment. It includes a correction to the Department of Justice authorization bill as passed by the House in H. Con. Res. 503, and provides a gratuity to the widower of our late friend and colleague, Patsy Mink, the late Representative from the State of Hawaii. It requires reports from agencies of the executive branch on the effects of operating under a full year CR and monthly reports on obligations; and I certainly hope that a full year CR does not happen.  Mr. Speaker, there are some other comments that I could make about what we are doing here, why we are here and why we are not doing something else, but I will reserve for now.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  