Mr. Speaker, I can only echo the words that have been said by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mica).  This legislation will not change everything overnight, but it will expedite the process of building airports, we think, in a more expeditious time period. As the gentleman mentioned, the airports built in the Asian market were built in a short period of time, and Seattle has had 19 years and has not even flown an airplane off the new runway that is going to be built.  Mr. Speaker, this bill is needed at this time. Prior to 9-11, the biggest complaint was congestion and delays in our airports. I believe although air traffic is down now, it will return in the near future; and we need these new airports as our population grows. We need these new airports as commerce grows, and this is a way to get these airports built on time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4481, the Airport Streamlining Approval Process Act of 2002.  I am pleased to be moving forward with this legislation. Last year, airport gridlock dominated the aviation debate. Passengers were bitterly complaining about the intolerable delays they were forced to endure. We examined those issues and found that one of the main reasons for the congestion was the lack of airport capacity.  There was a crying need for new runways and improved airport infrastructure. Air-21 provided the funding for these improvements, but bureaucratic red tape often held up needed construction. Now attention has shifted to airport security, and rightly so. Air traffic is down and the need for airport capacity improvements is less compelling. But, I am confident that air traffic will pick up again. And when it does, congestion and delays will return with a vengeance unless we do something about it now. That is why I introduced this bill. This legislation directs the Department of Transportation to take a lead role in the environmental review process.  DOT will coordinate the actions of other agencies and will be responsible for determining the ``purpose and need'' and reasonable alternative to the project. I do not claim that this bill will build new runways overnight, but it will streamline the process and help airports meet the demands of air travelers more quickly. And, it should be noted, it will do this without undermining the environmental laws or the ability of citizens to have their voices heard in the process.  I would like to thank chairman Mica, as well as Mr. Oberstar and Mr. Lipinski, for their help and cooperation on this legislation. There were some difficult issues in this bill and I very much appreciate the bipartisan approach to resolving them.  I urge a yes vote on H.R. 4481.  