Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to address one thing that has been brought up by the previous speakers. I do believe this is, in fact, a stimulus package. It is not as large as we would like to have it. There has also been mention, though, about the President's budget cut, and I will have to say that is true; but I also say I have been under seven Presidents since I have been in this body, probably one more than my good friend, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar).  Under our Constitution the President, regardless of what party, has the responsibility to submit a budget. And as I tell every constituent that comes into our office, that is his responsibility. But it is our responsibility as a House of the people to write the budget. We write the budget. We raise the money for it from the people, and we designate how it shall be spent. That is our role. I am extremely pleased that 317 Members of this Congress decided in this case that it was more important to, in fact, restore the guaranteed money for the construction of highways and bridges and improving our highway system than we were to take the recommendation of another branch of this great government of ours. But I never hold it against any one of the Presidents for that responsibility of submitting the budget.  It makes us do our work a little bit more efficiently and a little bit better. As I mentioned in my opening statement, a whole lot of other people, including the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Nussle), has recognized the importance of the construction of a highway system within this great Nation of ours. We have just begun. We have rail to improve. We have, again, air to improve. We have shipping ports to improve. And the responsibility of the committee, which is totally bipartisan, the responsibility of that committee is to make sure that the people of America recognize the importance of a modern transportation system being put in place for the future. And I would just like to say this is one tiny infant step in the right direction.  We must continue that as we reauthorize TEA 21, as we go forth with new rail legislation, as we go forth with other legislation packages and that we will do.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  