Mr. Chairman, it is my intent to yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mica), subcommittee chairman, the balance of my time after I make my opening statement.  Mr. Chairman, we all know that safety is enhanced when air traffic controllers guide the planes through the skies and onto the runway. However, many smaller airports lack an air traffic control tower. As a result, passengers and pilots do not benefit from the safety enhancements provided by air traffic controllers. Pilots are on their own, responsible for seeing and avoiding other planes.  Currently, the FAA is responsible for building the towers that house the controllers. However, FAA facilities and equipment budget is not large enough to pay for the construction of towers at many smaller airports. Yet many of these smaller airports have commercial passenger service or serve as a very active general aviation airport. These passengers and pilots are entitled to the same level of safety as those used in the larger airports.  Recognizing that FAA's construction budget is limited, many smaller airports are willing to use their Airport Improvement Program, AIP, grant money to build the tower. However, under current law, contract tower construction is not listed as eligible for funding under the AIP program.  This bill would change the law to allow AIP money to build a new or replacement tower and to equip that tower. The FAA could then contract with a private company to actually operate the tower. The FAA now contracts with private companies to staff towers at 217 airports in 46 States.  This contract tower program has benefited from consistent bipartisan backing in Congress. Its track record at small airports shows that it improves air safety, efficiency and security; enhances regional airline service in rural areas; provides significant savings to the FAA in air traffic control costs; and increases economic productivity in smaller communities nationwide.  Further, the program's track record has been validated in several comprehensive audits by DOT's Inspector General and is endorsed by participating airports and aviation system users.  Given the benefits and support for the contract tower program, additional actions to enhance it are warranted. By opening up another source of funding for tower construction, this bill will enhance the existing contract tower program and increase safety at small airports.  It does not cost the Federal Government any additional money because the AIP grant money is already provided for in AIR-21. The bill merely gives the airport and the FAA another purpose, tower construction, for which this grant money can be used.  I urge my colleagues to support it.  Mr. Chairman, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mica), the subcommittee chairman, for the purposes of control.  