Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I compliment the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) and his working with the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mica), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Aviation.  I would like to remind Members of some things. Number one, I like the idea of possibly studying a taser weapon or futuristic weapon like what we see in movies, but I personally want that pilot to have a lethal weapon on board.  If I had a terrorist trying to take my ship, I want to have a lethal weapon in my hand. I want to make sure that person does not even have a chance. With a taser, he has a chance. I have some experience with those types of weapons, and if a person was a true terrorist, he would wear protective armament and would need to be struck in the head. Until that time, he would be able to circumvent a taser. A taser does not immobilize a person immediately. A lethal weapon would. Properly trained, that terrorist will be eliminated and my ship will be protected and my passengers will arrive safely.  This is a small step forward. We are not sure, and neither are the terrorists sure, which pilots will be armed. I believe that is a deterrent in itself. I believe there will be some hesitancy on that airplane. I will go back in history, and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) mentioned the FAA repealed this action last summer so they could not carry a weapon.  I would say if anyone should be criticized, it is the inactivity of the FAA. The inability to make a decision even today with the TSA, we have the FAA saying we have certified new equipment for screening of people or baggage so we are not going to use it. If there is any fault, it is with the two agencies: One old, outdated, antiquated, an agency that does not take steps forward in a positive fashion, the FAA; and a new agency which still follows that lead.  I think the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Rogers) said it very correctly, we have to have more oversight and some demands for action instead of delay so we can implement what we thought we were doing in the Airline Security Act, that we thought we would have a slim and trim agency that would get the job done and thepassengers would be screened and put on the plane on time. That is not occurring because of the inactivity of both agencies.  I say to those who say no to this, I am not going to rely on the airlines. I am not going to rely on the TSA or those agencies saying, let us look at it. I am going to say this is going to be done with a small percentage of our pilots. And hopefully after 2 years, with a larger percentage of our pilots, because it is the last line of defense. I remind Members as one who has carried weapons most of his life, I will tell Members that 9-11 would not have happened if that pilot had a weapon at the time of that hijacking. That would not have happened. I say let us pass this legislation, let us go forward and protect passengers. I urge passage of this legislation.  