Mr. Speaker, this will probably be the first day that I ever vote against a rule because I believe very strongly in the principle of this House that you do not legislate on appropriations, and this is what this rule allows, especially concerning the Commission on Native American Policy.  This is a bill that was introduced into the Committee on Resources and was never heard, never had a markup; and it appears in this legislation. I think that is inappropriate for this body. I believe, in fact, it is meddling with the American Native. There is not one American Native group that supports the provision of H.R. 2244. And to have us now, in appropriations, legislate is wrong.  I hope everybody has my understanding of the American Native and the injustice and wrong that has been done to them all these years by supposedly the Government of the United States, and this is yet another example.  This is an example where this Congress is going to say, we are going to review your activities. We are going to make recommendations and we are going to do to you what was not done by the Justice Department, by the BIA, the FBI, and the Office of Tribal Justice. We are now going to tell you what you have been doing wrong all these years. Now, that is not correct legislative process.  So the first time since I have been in this body with the minority, when we were, and now with the majority for the last 8 years, I am going to vote against the rule because it is the wrong rule. And for those of you in the office, think about it for a moment. It can be you the next time. It can be you the next time where you look up one morning and find out something that you feel very strongly about and that is the American Native population or some other group that you feel equally as strong about, and a bill that has never had a hearing, never any input, no ramifications is now in an appropriations bill. I thought we were above that.  And to the Committee on Rules members, I suggest to you, where did this come from and why? Ask yourselves that.  So I am asking Members listening to this today, vote ``no'' on the rule, make them come back with a rule that protects the prerogative of the authorizing committee. This rule does not do so.  Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the Rule. Section 141 of H.R. 5093 constitutes legislating on an appropriation bill.  H.R. 2244 was introduced by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf) in this Congress with the exact same language to create this Commission. The authorizing Committee has chosen not to take up this bill for consideration.  This proposed Commission on Native American Policy would ask whether Indian gaming benefits Indian communities, whether Tribal government gaming is regulated, and whether Tribal government is influenced by organized crime. I would like to point out, that at the gentleman from Virginia's request, the federal government--through the National Indian Gaming Impact Study Commission (NGISC), the Justice Department, and the National Indian Gaming Commission (NIGA) has already addressed these questions a number of times.  In contrast to what was stated by the author of this provision, I want to point out that Indian gaming benefits Tribal communities. The NGISC found that gaming is the only proven method of stimulating economic development in Indian country.  I also want to emphasis adamantly that Indian gaming is well regulated. In a July 3, 2002 Memo from the U.S. Justice Department's Office of Inspector General (with the Criminal Division, the FBI, and the Office of Tribal Justice) found that Indian gaming is not influenced by organized crime. Additionally, the Department of Justice (DOJ) Office of Organized Crime wrote to the Senate Indian Affairs Committee on July 25, 2001, confirming the Inspector General's report in its own independent report. Also, the $5 Million NGISC study found that Indian Gaming is not unduly influenced by organized crime--confirming DOJ reports. Tribes reimburse States over $40 million on State regulated Tribal gaming and have spent over $160 million on Tribal regulation of Indian gaming.  The gentleman from Virginia's provision is wasteful and unnecessary. Millions have already been spent on the creation and study of the NGISC for the same issues. The $200,000 appropriations request to create yet another Commission to study Indian Gaming would not permit the Department of the Interior to accomplish a meaningful study. Lastly, the money for the Commission would come out of the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) ``available funds'', which could be used for much needed trust administration rather than a study intended to reach pre-established conclusions. BIA is already underfunded in many of its program areas, and we do not need to request another duplicative study on Indian Gaming.  I urge my colleagues to vote to delete Section 141 from H.R. 5093, the Interior Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2003.  