The purposes of this bill are to establish a direct grant program to help improve the system-wide security of over-the-road bus operations, and to authorize the Secretary of Transportation to conduct a security assessment of over-the-road bus operations.  Over-the-road buses, or motorcoaches, operate in both commuter and intercity operations. The motorcoach industry, which includes regularly scheduled point-to-point service and chartered tour operations, carried more than 774 million passengers in the United States in 2000. According to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics, the intercity bus transportation industry serves 5000 locations nationwide, many of which are rural communities that might not have other modes of intercity transportation available to the public. Of the 4,000 bus companies operating in this country, 90 percent operate fewer than 25 buses.  There are worrisome precedents for security breaches on buses. For example, in the Middle East, terrorists have used buses to cause mass casualties in a number of crowded cities. In the United States, Greyhound drivers and passengers were the targets of a least 4 serious assaults last year, one killing 7 passengers and another injuring 33 passengers, and at least 3 other serious security breaches. No other major United States transportation mode had as many incidents of passenger attacks during that period. These incidents occurred in states throughout the country, including Tennessee, Arizona, Utah, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, and Vermont.  In response to the incidents, bus companies have taken a number of steps to enhance security. These steps include: performing random screening of passengers and baggage at selected terminals; requiring ticket identification; providing cell phones to drivers as an interim emergency communications system; increasing security personnel in terminals; giving the driver the right to limit access to the first row of seats; and establishing information and communications systems to aid and coordinate with law enforcement.  In the 2002 Supplemental Appropriations Act for Further Recovery From and Response to Terrorist Attacks on the United States (P.L. 107-206), $15 million was provided of bus security improvements intended to address the same type of security-related issues as identified in this bill. This appropriation represents the first installment of funds for over-the-road bus security and the Mangers encourage the Secretary to move forward expeditiously to utilize these funds for their intended purpose.  Section-by-section Analysis  Section 1. Short title.  This Act may be cited as the ``Max Cleland Over-the-Road Bus Security and Safety Act of 2002''.  Section 2. Emergency over-the-road bus security assistance.  This section directs the Secretary of Transportation, acting through the Administrator for the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, to establish a program for making grants to private operators of over-the-road buses for system-wide security improvements to their operations. Improvements eligible for grants include: constructing and modifying terminals, garages, facilities and over-the-road buses to assure their security; improvements to protect or isolate the driver; upgrading, purchasing or installing manifest or ticketing systems; hiring security officers; training employees; installing surveillance equipment; conducting employee background checks; establishing emergency communications systems; and implementing passenger screening programs. Operators may also receive grants for eligible projects providing reimbursement for extraordinary security-related costs incurred since September 11, 2001. In making grants, the Secretary is directed to give due consideration to operators of over-the-road buses that have already taken measures to enhance security since September 11, 2001.  This section also makes clear that grants under this bill will adhere to the existing requirements for over-the-road bus operators under section 3038(f) of the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century.  The federal share will be 90 percent of the cost of the improvement for which any grant is made.  Section 3. Plan requirement.  This section requires that the Secretary approve a plan for security improvements submitted by an over-the-road bus operator before a grant may be made. The plan submitted by the operator must comply with the uses described in Section 2 and include any additional information the Secretary deems necessary to ensure the accountability for amounts made available through the grant program.  This section also provides that an applicant for a grant for improvements at a terminal owned and operated by an entity other than the applicant must demonstrate to the Secretary that the improvements have been coordinated with the terminal's owner or operator.  Section 4. Over-the-road bus defined.  This section defines an over-the-road bus as a bus characterized by an elevated passenger deck located over a baggage compartment, consistent with the definition used in the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (P.L. 105-178).  Section 5. Bus security assessment.  This section directs the Secretary to submit a preliminary report within 180 days of enactment to the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation and the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. The report will include assessments of: the grant program established by the bill; actions taken by public and private entities to address security issues and recommendations on whether additional actions; including legislation are needed; the economic impact of security upgrades on the over-the-road bus industry and its employees; ongoing and needed research on over-the-road bus security; and industry best practices to enhance security. In conducting the assessments, the Secretary is to consult with over-the-road bus management and labor representatives, public safety and law enforcement officials, and the National Academy of Sciences.  Section 6. Funding.  This section authorizes $99 million for the grant program for fiscal year 2003 and provides that such sums shall remain available until expended.  