Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this rule. This is an open rule. Unlike some of the bills that come to this floor under closed rules, this is an open rule. The Committee on Appropriations brings open rules to the floor. Members will have an opportunity to deal with this bill responsibly, and this rule makes that in order.  Now, I understand, listening to some in the debate, that there are going to be some who do not like this bill. Well, that is usually always the case that some will not like this bill. But we cannot predict what will happen to bill number 13 based on bill number three. And this is only number three of the FY 2003 appropriation bills.  Now, why is that? Why is this only bill number three, and we here in the middle of July? It is number three because this chairman made a commitment to the President of the United States that this year the first appropriations bill to move through the House would be the defense appropriations bill, and the second one would be the military construction bill. And, Mr. Speaker, this chairman kept that commitment.  While we were doing that, we were also working on a supplemental, which was basically all defense and homeland security. So we have been very busy. Now, these other bills backed up because we have kept that commitment to the President to move the defense bills first. In a time of war, I think that is perfectly acceptable. I think it is a good idea.  But now I understand that because some people might not like what is coming down the road, they are going to use all the dilatory tactics we can on this interior bill, which is the last bill that the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. Skeen) is going to present to this House before he retires.  We are providing the membership with a good bill. There may be some differences, and there is nothing wrong with that. That is why we have an open rule. But this is a good bill. It meets the needs and the requirements of this country. There is nothing wrong with this bill. If there are some who think they want to change it, they can offer an amendment. Under an open rule, that is what you do.  Mr. Speaker, it is interesting. I read some comments by some of our colleagues who want to destroy the appropriations process. Do it, if you can. But understand that of all the bills that are considered in this House during a fiscal year, the ones that really have to pass are the appropriations bills, because without the appropriations bills, nothing happens.  So destroy the process, if you want. The budget process WAS destroyed. There is no budget process here, which makes it very difficult to appropriate and confer with our counterparts in the other body.  If what you are about here is just numbers and the destruction of the appropriations process, so be it. But I believe that a vast majority of this Housewill not agree to that because they understand the importance of the appropriations process to this House.  Mr. Speaker, again, this is a good rule, it is an open rule, and it allows the House to work its will.  