 President, I rise to offer a substitute amendment to S. 113, the Kyl-Schumer FISA bill. I ask you to bear with me because the explanation goes on for a while.  I am also pleased that Senator Rockefeller, the ranking member on the Intelligence Committee, and Senator Leahy, the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, are cosponsors of this amendment. I am pleased to also acknowledge that Senators Dodd, Edwards, Feingold, Boxer, and Wyden are also cosponsors of the amendment.  Let me try to briefly describe the difference between current law, S. 113, and my amendment.  S. 113 is the Kyl-Schumer FISA amendment. First, the Kyl-Schumer amendment only applies to non-U.S. persons. I want to make clear that it does not cover green card holders under that amendment.  Under current law, the FISA court may only grant a FISA application against a non-U.S. person if the Government can show probable cause that the target is working on behalf of a foreign power or a terrorist group. The Government also has to certify that it is seeking foreign intelligence information that can't be obtained by any other means.  As I understand the Kyl-Schumer bill, it drops a primary requirement for FISA warrants; that is, the individual or the target be agents of a foreign power. Under Kyl-Schumer, this prerequisite is gone. That is what the so-called lone wolf deals with.  This would then give the FISA court no discretion to deny applications for FISA orders against a true so-called lone wolf. These are alleged international terrorists operating completely on their own. This is confusing. In other words, current law gives the FISA court no discretion to grant FISA orders in closed cases. But S. 113--Kyl-Schumer--gives judges no discretion to deny FISA the FISA court application in closed cases. Both of these circumstances raise certain problems.  My amendment is essentially a compromise. It grants the court a presumption. So the FISA court may presume that a target is an agent of a foreign power, or the court may choose not to invoke that presumption. The bottom line is the court is given some discretion.  In other words, the court may choose to grant a FISA order despite a lack of evidence that a target is working on behalf of a foreign power. Similarly, the court may choose to deny an order against a true lone wolf. It is up to the court.Federal judges in title III criminal cases have similar discretion. Although the standard there is about whether the Government can show probable cause that a person has committed a crime or will commit a crime, that is a very different standard than under FISA. Federal judges have not abused that discretion and, in fact, in rare cases have been able to act as a check on the Government to prevent overreaching and abuse.  Why do the sponsors of S. 113 show less trust for FISA judges in the FISA content? In fact, such trust is even more warranted in the FISA content. Not only is the FISA process secret and hard to keep accountable, but the FISA court has only denied one FISA application in its 25-year history.  Such a lack of trust is even less necessary given the fact that even if the Government is unable to get a FISA order against a target, it remains completely free to use all the tools of the criminal process under title III to get search and wiretap orders against the target.  The bottom line is, our amendment preserves FISA's agent-of-a-foreign-power requirement without jeopardizing our security. Our amendment allows the Government to get FISA orders against suspected international terrorists even in close cases where the Government cannot show the target is working on behalf of a foreign power or terrorist group. However, unlike S. 113, the amendment also ensures the FISA court is more than a rubberstamp and has discretion to deny a FISA application if the Government overreaches by attempting to use FISA authority.  I now would like to discuss the issue in somewhat greater detail.  Mr. President, at times of crisis, it is possible the Government can overreach in both legislative and executive decisionmaking with respect to our criminal and intelligence laws. That can have unfortunate consequences for both our security and individual rights.  The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, was passed in 1978. It was the first statute ever passed inthe United States to provide a statutory procedure for the authorization of clandestine activities of our Government to obtain foreign intelligence.  Before it passed, then-Attorney General Griffin Bell testified in favor of the bill before Congress. He noted the ``delicate balance'' that needed to be struck between ``adequate intelligence to guarantee our Nation's security on the one hand and preservation of basic human rights on the other.''  He stated:       In my view this bill strikes the balance, sacrifices      neither our security nor our civil liberties, and assures      that the abuses of the past will remain in the past. . . .  Now, what does he mean by ``abuses of the past''? Decades earlier, America saw what happened in World War II with Japanese Americans who were removed from their homes, their businesses, and their schools, and placed in interment camps in violation of their rights. We do not want that to happen ever again in this country.  I am not saying this is an identically similar situation. I am concerned, however, about zealousness and overreach because now we are engaged in a global war on terror. In conducting this war, we must be careful that we not overreach when the temptations are so great.  This kind of war is unprecedented for the United States. It is unprecedented and unbelievable that anybody could fly four big planes, three into buildings, and kill 3,000 people. This is beyond our ken. America and Americans want to protect our homeland and our individuals, notwithstanding this is an entirely secret process and, as such, the laws that govern it must be balanced, must be carefully crafted, and must prevent it, lest someone use them to overreach. It has happened in the past, so you can assume it could well happen in the future. This is especially true, as I said, with FISA.  I supported reporting S. 113, the Kyl-Schumer FISA bill we are debating, in the Judiciary Committee. I agree with my colleagues--there is a clear problem here, needing a solution; namely, the potential difficulty the Government may have in obtaining FISA orders against certain international terrorist so-called ``lone wolves.'' These are people who have no affiliation with a terrorist group, no affiliation as an agent of a foreign power.  Under FISA, a ``foreign power'' is simply defined as ``two people conspiring,'' so it is a very easy goal and target. A problem arises in cases where the Government knows of a foreign individual who may be involved in terrorism but cannot yet prove a connection to foreign groups or governments. This problem stems from the proof requirement under FISA in current law.  To get a FISA order against a foreign visitor to the United States under current law, the Government needs to show two key things:  First, that the individual is a foreign power or an agent of a foreign power. Again, that is defined as two people working together. A foreign power could be a foreign government or an international terrorist group as defined.  And second, that it is seeking ``foreign intelligence information'' that cannot be obtained by other means.  This symbolizes the very purpose of FISA: to gather foreign intelligence. Criminal courts are for criminal cases, and the FISA court was set up specially to deal with cases where the Government wishes to obtain information or intelligence about the activities of foreign powers.  The problem is this: Under this current standard, it may well be difficult for the Government to meet the foreign power requirement if the Government does not yet have enough evidence of a connection to a foreign group, entity, or power. Some have described this problem as the ``false lone wolf'' problem, where you have an individual who may appear at first to be operating as a ``lone wolf,'' even though that individual is really an agent of a larger group.  That was one of the alleged problems with the pre-September 11 investigation into Zacarias Moussaoui. The FBI did not learn until after September 11 that Moussaoui had links to al-Qaida and may have been the intended 20th hijacker.  As a result, the Government may have been reluctant to request a FISA warrant because they did not think the intelligence they had could connect Moussaoui to an international group or government.  So there is no question in my mind that we need to amend FISA to fix this problem. And I applaud my colleagues, Senators Kyl and Schumer, for working so diligently to solve it. But the Kyl-Schumer bill also redefines ``agent of a foreign power'' to include any non-U.S. individual preparing to engage in international terrorism. In other words, it essentially eliminates the foreign power requirement altogether.  This change would allow the Government to get a FISA search or wiretap order against any foreign individual in the United States who is preparing to engage in international terrorism, regardless of whether the person is really an agent of a foreign government or terror group, and regardless of whether there is any potential to gather foreign intelligence.  Again, it is this foreign intelligence component that defines the very purpose of FISA. As a result, I believe this change goes too far.  Under S. 113, for the first time ever, the Government will be able to use FISA against any non-U.S. citizen preparing to engage in international terrorism--even individuals whom the Government knows have no connection at all to anyone else engaged in international terrorism.  There would be no check at all on the Government's use of FISA against many common criminals who just happen to be noncitizens and, therefore, the Government might be able to use this secret FISA court to obtain warrants that: (A) are easier to get; (B) last longer; and (C) are less subject to normal judicial scrutiny than criminal warrants under title III or regular criminal statutes.  FISA wiretap orders, for instance, are good for 4 times longer than normal criminal warrants--120 days versus 30 days--giving the Government a clear incentive to use this process even against common criminals. These orders can be reauthorized indefinitely each year for 1-year periods. The same is true for physical search orders under FISA, although these are good for 90 days, and 1-year extensions are subject to the requirement in current law that the judge find ``probable cause to believe that no property of any United States person will be acquired during the period.''  Under FISA, as modified by S. 113, the Government must show by probable cause only that a foreign national is engaged in international terrorism or preparation thereof. You might listen to that and you might think: What is wrong with that? We all want that. I want it, too. But in many instances, this probable cause standard will be easier to meet than the traditional criminal probable cause standard.  For example, for a title III wiretap, the Government must show that there is probable cause to believe an individual is about to commit or has committed an enumerated crime. To get a search order, the Government must show probable cause that the search will result in the discovery of offending items connected with the criminal activity. However, under S. 113, the Government need only show probable cause that the person is engaging in ``activities in preparation'' for international terrorism. Many ``activities in preparation'' for international terrorism are not crimes.  For example, a foreign visitor who bought a one-way airline ticket and a box cutter would arguably qualify as a person engaging in activities in preparation for international terrorism, even in the absence of other evidence that he or she might be an international terrorist.  However, these two activities, taken alone, would clearly not demonstrate probable cause that the person would commit a crime. These activities may be entirely innocent. As a result--and I don't believe this is anyone's intent--S. 113 could easily serve as a clarion call to all aggressive prosecutors who want to listen in on or search the homes of targets of investigation without ever having to prove that any crime may be committed or that foreign intelligence may be gathered.  By allowing FISA to be used against all solo suspected international terrorists, S. 113 runs counter to the whole purpose of FISA, which is to allow the Government to get foreign intelligence by searching and wiretapping peopleworking for other countries and groups against U.S. interests.  S. 113 essentially eliminates any discretion the FISA court has to turn down a case--this is my big problem with it--thus enabling the Government to overreach. I am not saying that it will overreach. But because it is a secret process, the laws we pass have to prevent that overreach.  By nullifying the requirement that the target of an investigation has some connection, any connection, to a foreign entity or government, this legislation essentially makes the FISA court a rubberstamp. The court will be required to grant a FISA order, even if there is no probable cause to indicate a connection to a foreign power; indeed, even if there is clear evidence that the individual is operating completely on their own. In fact, even if the Government admits that the terrorist is operating alone and that there is no foreign intelligence to be gathered, the FISA court must still grant the order under S. 113.  That is not what FISA is meant to be. Put simply: The legislation goes too far.  Let me be clear: We who are sponsoring this amendment are not trying to protect international terrorists, and our amendment does nothing to protect them. The vast resources of the Federal Government and the powerful tools of the criminal process remain available to target and investigate any terrorist against whom the Government is unable to get a FISA order.  What our amendment will do is retain the original purpose of FISA--the seeking of foreign intelligence. S. 113 would not.  Our amendment is simple. Rather than simply eliminating the foreign power requirement altogether, our amendment would allow the FISA court judge to presume that a foreign terrorist is also an agent of a foreign power, even if there is no evidence supporting that presumption. On the other hand, under our amendment, the FISA court could also refuse to presume this connection in troubling cases of Government overreach. Thus, a FISA court judge would have some discretion.  What does this mean? In the Moussaoui case, for instance, even though the Government did not yet have evidence that Moussaoui was acting as an agent of a foreign power, both our amendment and S. 113 would allow the Government to get a warrant. The only difference is that our amendment would allow the judge to carefully look at the case and, if the court determined Moussaoui was clearly acting alone, the warrant could be denied.  I know some will argue that this casts too much doubt upon the outcome of cases and that, as a result, FISA orders will be too hard to obtain. But in most cases, if you think about it, the outcome will be exactly the same, whether under our amendment or the underlying bill.  Others may argue that this amendment might give liberal judges too much power to deny FISA orders in every case or, as Senator Schumer put it today, ``inject gray into the statute.'' But in reality, I believe these judges should have some discretion. This is an entirely secret process. By providing this presumption, we give judges that discretion. That is, in fact, a good thing.  Liberal judges can always find ways to deny a FISA order, even under S. 113, if they are determined to do so. For instance, a judge could simply decide there is no probable cause showing that an individual is engaged in international terrorism. That is a requirement in both S. 113 and our amendment.  The bottom line is that we can and should preserve the foreign power requirement of FISA without jeopardizing our security. Under either approach, the Government will be able to get FISA orders against international terrorists, even if the Government cannot meet the foreign power requirement.  Bottom line, again: The only difference between the two approaches is that our amendment preserves some limited discretion so the FISA court could stop the Government from overreaching against those individuals who have no connection to a foreign conspiracy. Let me say, if they have no connection to a foreign conspiracy, you can get the title III criminal warrant.  I urge my colleagues to support the amendment and, therefore, support the underlying purposes of FISA.  I yield the floor.  