 President, I rise today to introduce an amendment to improve the air quality on commercial aircraft.  In 1986, in response to a National Research Council Report, the FAA took several actions to improve aircraft cabin air quality on flights, including banning smoking on nearly all domestic flights. However, over 15 years later, many cabin air quality issues remain and new health questions have been raised by passengers and crew.  More recently, the National Research Council released a study of the air quality on commercial airline flightsthat was funded by the Federal Aviation Administration. The National Research Council found that:  There is no operational standard for the ventilation of an aircraft cabin, but that such an operation standard should be established to ensure that passenger aircraft are properly ventilated;  Passengers have been exposed to airborne contaminants while onboard aircraft, and that such contaminants can originate outside and inside the aircraft, and within the aircraft's environmental control system itself;  The environmental control system on a passenger aircraft can become contaminated with engine oils, hydraulic fluids, or deicing fluids and those fluid contaminants can enter the passenger cabin through the air supply system;  Contaminants in the air of a passenger aircraft may be responsible for acute and chronic health effects in crew and passengers;  Reduced partial oxygen levels in aircraft air may adversely affect health-compromised passengers, particularly those with cardiopulmonary disease;  Aircraft passengers may be exposed to ozone during flight, and studies suggest that ozone concentrations on some flights can exceed the Federal Aviation Administration and Environmental Protection Agency ozone levels;  Air that contains elevated ozone concentrations is associated with airway irritation, decreased lung function, exacerbation of asthma, and impairments of the immune system;  Since carbon monoxide is an indicator of mechanical fluids contaminating the air supply, the FAA should require aircraft to install monitors and establish procedures for responding to elevated levels of carbon monoxide; and  The FAA should establish a passenger aircraft air quality and health surveillance program to determine compliance with existing FAA regulations and document health effects and complaints so that data is collected in a way that allows analysis of the relationship between health effects and aircraft air quality.  The amendment I rise to introduce today addresses several findings on cabin air quality. It incorporates the original House language plus two additional provisions.  The House language is as follows:       (a) In General.--The Administrator of the Federal Aviation      Administration shall undertake the studies and analysis      called for in the report of the National Research Council      entitled ``The Airliner Cabin Environment and the Health of      Passengers and Crew.''       (b) Required Activities.--In carrying out this section, the      Administrator, at a minimum, shall--       (1) conduct surveillance to monitor ozone in the cabin on a      representative number of flights and aircraft to determine      compliance with existing Federal Aviation Regulations for      ozone;       (2) collect pesticide exposure data to determine exposures      of passengers and crew; and       (3) analyze samples of residue from aircraft ventilation      ducts and filters after air quality incidents to identify the      contaminants to which passengers and crew were exposed.       (c) Report.--Not later than 30 months after the date of      enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit to      Congress a report on the findings of the Administrator under      this section.  My amendment builds on the above language by adding the following two provisions:  Authorizes an FAA study to analyze cabin air pressure and altitude; and  Requires the FAA to establish an air quality incident reporting system.  Poor air quality in flight cabins poses a health risk for the flying public and crew members who spend most of their working hours onboard commercial aircraft. Passengers should feel confident that they are not endangering their health when they fly, and airline industry workers should not feel their health is threatened as they earn a living. I hope you will join me in supporting this legislation. And finally I want to thank Senator McCain and Senator Hollings for allowing me to introduce this amendment.  