 The Senator from Missouri has placed a November 6 letter from the California Association of Fire Chiefs in the Record. That letter expressed concerns about the proposed California regulation. I take these concerns very seriously. The last thing I want to do is increase the risk of fire. So we need to make sure these engines are safe, and the regulation has 5 years to make adjustments before it goes into effect, ample time to make such changes as replacing heat shields and doing whatever else is necessary to ensure these engines are fire safe.  There is apparently some miscommunication between the fire chiefs and the Air Resources Board. I have just received a letter dated November 11. I want to read from this letter:       The fire safety issues we raised [and that would be the      November 6 letter that Senator Bond printed in the Record]      need more attention and require independent assessment before      engineering and production decisions are made [which they      have not been up to this time]. In our most recent      discussions with [the Air Resources Board], they support the      idea of an independent study, and have proposed moving      forward with a study, much the same as what is now underway      with catalytic converters being used in marine applications.      We enthusiastically support this idea, and will be working      closely with [the California Air Resources Board], the State      Fire Marshal, and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to      ensure that all fire safety concerns are addressed. We wish      to make clear that we regard fire safety and environmental      quality as being equally important, and wish to make it clear      that we support without reservation the air quality goals of      the proposed requirements. We support the regulation moving      forward as we have received assurances from CARB [the      California Air Resources Board] that our safety concerns will      be addressed through this independent study.  So I think the concerns of the Senator from Missouri are a bit overstated in view of the fact that the fire chiefs, the fire marshal, and anyone else will work closely with CARB in the ensuing 5 years to correct any safety problems that might exist. The letter goes on, and this is important:       Finally, we understand that, as a separate matter, the      Senate is debating the question of whether States are free to      develop safety and environmental standards. We were never      asked to comment on this matter but, for the record, we do      not support legislation that would interfere with a State's      ability to protect its own citizens. To the contrary, we have      had to count on the State of California to develop fire      safety standards for upholstered furniture, mattresses and      bedding, because the Federal Government has failed to do so.      The issues of air quality, as they relate to outdoor power      equipment, can be addressed, and I believe that working      closely with the Air Resources Board, we will find a solution      that will provide a high degree of fire safety while      maintaining the Board's goals for air quality.  I would like to work with the Senator from Missouri, the Air Resources Board, fire safety officials, and the small engine industry to make sure the California regulation is fire safe. We have 5 years do so. It is possible to do so. But what we cannot do is take away the State's rights to be concernedabout its citizens, and that is exactly what Senator Bond is trying to do.  He gives jurisdiction, for the regulation of small engines, to the EPA. What the fire chiefs have just said is the EPA has refused to move on areas such as bedding and other areas which cause fires, so the State has had to do it for themselves.  States rights are a major part of this issue and I thought these rights were part of everything we believed in--letting a State, where it can, regulate for itself. Again, I think it is unfortunate that Briggs and Stratton is using safety concerns about a single regulation to block all future efforts to reduce pollution from these engines in any State.  Let me tell you why this is so big for California. We have the worst air quality in the Nation. We have seven ozone nonattainment areas. That is more than any other State. Los Angeles is the Nation's only extreme ozone nonattainment area. The San Joaquin Valley is not far behind. This year has been the worst year for smog in southern California since 1997, and the San Joaquin Valley is in a similar situation.  This pollution has severe consequences for public health and for our economy in California. Let me tell you what the Air Resources Board says will be the result of the efforts of the Senator from Missouri. They say Senator Bond's provision could lead to 340 premature deaths per year in California due to deteriorating air quality.  I believe States with serious pollution problems need to be able to reduce emissions wherever possible. This small engine provision would place a very important source of pollution off limits to State regulation.  I understand a modifying amendment is going to be introduced on behalf of Senator Bond that will change the current bill language, which currently blocks the regulation of off-road engines smaller than 175 horsepower. All told, these engines alone emit as much pollution as 18 million automobiles. Can you believe that? Small off-road engines are emit as much pollution as 18 million automobiles. That is a big number for California and any reduction in this pollution would benefit California greatly.  The narrower version of this provision, which has yet to be introduced but I trust will be, would still block State regulation of spark engines smaller than 50 horsepower, which represents the majority of small engines that exist and operate in my home State. According to the California Air Resources Board, engines under 50 horsepower emit as much pollution as 4 million cars, just in California. This is more than 100 tons of smog-forming pollutants per day in my State alone.  The modifying amendment that we understand will be sent to the desk will essentially mandate 1,500 more tons of smog-producing pollutants a day in California--all to benefit one company that is not telling the truth on its SEC statement. These off-road engines are also among the least regulated and dirtiest engines around.  According to the California Air Resources Board again, operating the average gas-powered lawnmower for just 1 hour produces as much pollution as driving a car for 13 hours. I would hazard a guess that no one in this Senate knew that operating a lawnmower for 1 hour produces as much smog as operating a car for 13 hours. Keep in mind that the lawnmower is only about 5 horsepower and the car engine is far larger.  Even running a small string trimmer for an hour produces as much pollution as driving a car for 8 hours. Again, I hazard a guess that no one in this Senate knows that operating a small string trimmer for an hour produces as much pollution as 8 hours of driving a car. The bottom line: These are very dirty engines.  California is already struggling to comply with national air quality standards. We need every industry to do their fair share. According to the Air Resources Board, the State has to reduce emissions from these engines in order to achieve compliance with national air quality standards. In other words, if California is not allowed to proceed with the regulations they put forward on September 25, we will be violating clean air standards. What happens if we do it? What happens is that California loses $2.4 billion in highway transportation moneys. That is how important this issue is for the State of California and that is how dastardly this amendment--an authorization on an appropriations bill--really is.  California cannot afford to remain out of compliance with national standards. We also can't afford to take tools away from States that are in this situation. If we can't reduce emissions from off-road engines, then we will have to cut pollution from other sources. What does that mean? Other sources are already facing heavier regulation, so cutting their pollution will be more expensive and place more burden on other industries.  On this point I would like to quote a September 25 letter from the Environmental Council of the States. That is an organization that represents environmental agencies in all 50 States. Let me read what they say:       Removal of this ability to regulate a substantial part of a      State's inventory, means that States will have to obtain      reductions from the stationary source area [key, from the      stationary source area], an area that is already heavily      regulated at substantially higher cost. Businesses facing      global competition will opt to either shift work to off-shore      facilities or to simply close, with concomitant negative      consequences on the local and national economy.  It is critical that this language be eliminated from the HUD-VA appropriations bill.  This is the environmental council to which every State belongs.  What does this mean? This means that every oil refinery will have to have tough requirements and that every utility will have to have tough requirements. The cost of gas will rise, and the cost of energy will rise. Every stationary source, if we can't tackle this area because it is so big, will have to have their standards tightened.  This is all for one company. Every other company that makes small engines has said they can comply, except one company in Missouri that says in their SEC report, no problem, and comes here and says, we are going to move our jobs to China. A whole series of companies will be disadvantaged, but one Missouri company will suffer no financial consequences.  I ask unanimous consent that the full text of this September 25 letter from the Environmental Council of States be printed in the Record following my remarks.  