 That is a $340 million increase over current funding. At least 50 percent of the funds would beused for fuels reduction near communities. That is what we do not have in this catastrophic wildfire that is taking place right now.  The legislation also requires that large fire-resilient old-growth trees be protected from logging immediately. It mandates that forest plans that are more than 10 years old and most in need of updating be updated with old-growth protection consistent with the national standard within 2 to 3 years. Without this provision in the amendment, we would have to wait a decade or more to see improved old-growth protection. Even then, there would be no guarantee that this protection against the threat of both logging and catastrophic fire would be very strong.  In California, the amendment to the Sierra Nevada framework that is currently in progress will have to comply with the new national standard for old-growth protection. We have also tried to expedite, shorten, and improve the administrative review process to make it more collaborative and less confrontational.  It is critical that the Forest Service spend its scarce dollars by doing work on the ground rather than being mired in endless paperwork. The legislation we submitted preserves multiple opportunities for meaningful public involvement. People can attend a public meeting on every project. They can submit comments during both the preparation of the environmental impact statement and during the administrative review process. I guarantee that the public will have a meaningful say in these projects.  It does change the environmental review process so that the Forest Service still considers the effects of a project in detail but can focus its analysis on the proposal, one reasonable alternative that meets the project goals and the alternative of not doing the project, instead of the five or nine alternatives that are now often required.  This is not the siting of a freeway where one may want five or nine alternative projects. We know where the project is going to take place. The question is, Should it be mechanical? Should it be by burning? What are the problems with the area? Is there a better way of doing it?  So this legislation replaces the current Forest Service administrative appeals with a review process that will occur after the Forest Service finishes its environmental review of a project but before it reaches its decision. This new approach is similar to a process adopted by the Clinton administration in 2000 for a review of forest plans and amendments to those plans. The process will be speedier and less confrontational than the current administrative appeal process.  There is a great deal of misconception both about the appeals process and the judicial review process. I will quickly take a minute and tell my colleagues what we have recommended with respect to judicial review. First, parties can sue in Federal court only on issues raised in the administrative review process. This is common sense that allows agencies the opportunity to correct their own mistakes before everything gets litigated. Lawsuits must be filed in the same jurisdiction as the proposed project. This also makes common sense. Courts are encouraged to resolve the case as soon as possible, and preliminary injunctions are limited to 60 days. They can be extended, but the individuals making the claim have to go back to court and justify why they need another preliminary injunction.  The court must weigh the environmental benefit of performing a given project against its environmental risk as it reviews the case. This is the balance-of-harms language.  I deeply believe this amendment is much preferable to the House bill which has passed. There are many ways in which we improve on the House-passed bill. First, we focus on the highest priority lands, where we need to undertake brush-clearing projects to restore forest health and prevent forest fire. These include the wildland urban interface as defined by the communities needing protection. It includes lands where fires would threaten municipal water supplies and lands significantly harmed by insects.  Secondly, we have protected both old-growth stands and large trees across the landscape. The projects expedited by this act will restore forest health.  Finally, the Senate agreement removed a provision of the House-passed bill that could have threatened the fair and impartial judicial review of Forest Service actions. This provision would have tilted the playing field in forestry litigation by requiring a court to defer to the Federal Agency's views in deciding whether to issue an injunction. So we have seriously improved the House bill.  In closing, I say to my colleagues that if ever there is a case in point as to why we have to spend more time on the ground with forest actions rather than debating them here, it is the 10 fires that are now taking place in California. They are catastrophic. In fact, they are wreaking human devastation and degradation on a level seldom seen. It is time for this body and this Congress to act.  Both Senator Wyden and I, and Senator Cochran as well, have asked the administration for a statement of administrative policy that they will, in effect, support this legislation in conference. This is critical to our agreement. I have written to the White House. We have called the White House. We have not had a response.  So the action and the ball is really in the White House's court at this time. We need to hear from them. We need to know whether, in fact, this bill, which we believe can garner 60 votes in the Senate, will, in fact, have strong White House and administration support when it goes to conference, because if it does not, and if the vehicle is not this bill, there will not be a bill. I think that is the truth as many find it.  So to all of those in California who have suffered such grievous loss, I join my colleague in sending our deepest condolences. I have asked all my staff to go to southern California to be available to receive calls from people to try to hook them up with whatever help or aid they need. FEMA will shortly be making announcements as to what numbers to call, where to go to fill out the applications, and we will do everything we can to help facilitate that process.  This is truly one of the great tragedies of human life. Can my colleagues imagine children and parents being burned fleeing from this kind of a fire and over 1,000 families losing everything they have worked a lifetime to build?  I yield the floor.  