 President, I rise to support the amendment offeredby the Senator from South Carolina to increase funding to our Nation's ports.  This amendment will provide more funding to help all ports prevent a future terrorist attack. It will provide $1 billion annually for the next 2 years--an increase of $2 billion total.  We all know U.S. seaports are a gaping hole in our Nation's system of defense against terrorism. We have beefed up security at our airports, but as our Nation fights a war in Iraq, we are not doing enough to increase the security of our seaports.  Last year, Congress approved legislation, the Maritime Transportation Security Act, sponsored by Senators Fritz Hollings, Bob Graham, and others designed to increase security at our ports.  In my view, this legislation was a good first step, but our ports remain extremely vulnerable to attack. One reason our ports are still vulnerable is that the Federal Government has not provided them with enough money to enable them to increase security.  For example, the Coast Guard has estimated that the present value cost of complying with existing and upcoming international and national security requirements will be about $6 billion over 10 years. The 10-year present value cost for facility security will be $4.4 billion and the cost to comply with section 102 of the Maritime Transportation Security Act alone will be $477 million.  These figures do not account for the funds that will be needed to pay for additional security measures that can and should be taken to protect against a terrorist attack at or through our ports.  Thus, I am very concerned that, apart from some specific projects and earmarks, Congress has appropriated less than $400 million for seaport security grants since September 11, 2001. I was disappointed to see that President Bush has not requested a single dime for seaport security grants in his fiscal year 2004 budget.  We also need to provide greater support to the Federal agencies enforcing our border security laws. Coast Guard, Customs, and TSA need additional funds for port security vessels, new screening and detection equipments, and cargo security programs, and to implement an identification card program.  Port security is a crucial national security issue--like immigration and other border security functions. We need to ensure that more of the money to protect our borders is used to safeguard our ports. We simply cannot leave the Nation's ports in the lurch, forced to pay the bill to protect our citizens from terrorism.  I am particularly concerned that California's ports are not getting enough funds to help prevent a terrorist attack.  For example, California ports have received about $16.405 million from the seaport security grant program established by Congress after the September 11 terrorist attack--about 18 percent of the money available. However, according to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics, California ports handle almost 50 percent of maritime container imports.  In other words, if international terrorists overseas put a ``dirty bomb'' in a container, the odds are 50-50 that this container would pass through a California port. Mr. President, $16 million is simply not enough to stop such an attack--especially now when we are on the brink of war.  I hope the Department of Homeland Security will ensure that California ports receive their fair share of port security grants in future allocations. However, this Congress can and must do more.  I will soon be introducing legislation that takes a comprehensive approach to port security and focuses our limited resources where they are needed most. Among other things, the bill would do the following:  Update our criminal code to ensure that terrorists who strike at us at or through our seaports can be appropriately prosecuted and punished;  Create a container profiling plan that would concentrate on identifying high-risk cargo early in the shipping process; and  Secure the international supply chain by requiring the government to come up with a plan to inspect containers overseas, before they arrive in the United States--once a weapon of mass destruction in a container reaches the United States, it is too late.  Mr. President, I visited two ports last year, Hong Kong and Los Angeles/Long Beach, and I learned firsthand how difficult it is to protect our Nation from an attack through a seaport.  According to the U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics, about 13 million containers, 20-foot equivalent units, came into U.S. ports in 2002. However, only about 2 or 3 percent of these containers are inspected. This translates into millions of tons of cargo moving through our ports with no real scrutiny, any one of which could contain an explosive or weapon of mass destruction.  If attacked, casualties at our ports and surrounding cities could run in the thousands and our Nation's economy could be brought to a standstill. Just imagine if a container holding up to 60,000 pounds of explosives slips undetected into a harbor and is detonated--blowing up a ship, a bridge, or even an entire seaport.  Or worse, picture a nuclear device or radiological ``dirty bomb''--no bigger than a suitcase--installed in a container, shipped to the United States, and exploded at a port or somewhere within the interior of our country.  Beyond the human toll, such an attack would mean that every container in the system would have to be inspected to ensure that there wasn't another bomb out there--grinding our economy to a halt. One estimate suggests that it would take 6 months to screen all of the containers in the system on any given day. So we must do everything in our power to prevent an attack from happening in the first place.  Simply put, more funding is of critical importance when you consider the October 2002 report by former Senators Gary Hart and Warren Rudman. The followup Hart-Rudman report points out, ``Only the tiniest percentage of containers, ships, trucks, and trains that enter the United States each day are subject to examination--and a weapon of mass destruction could well be hidden among this cargo.''  The report recommends revising transportation security because ``the vulnerabilities are greater and the stakes are higher in the sea and land modes than in commercial aviation. Systems such as those used in the aviation sector, which start from the assumption that every passenger and every bag of luggage poses an equal risk, must give way to more intelligence-driven and layered security approaches that emphasize prescreening and monitoring based on risk-criteria.''  The bottom line: We must do a better job of profiling and inspecting cargo that could put our Nation and our citizens at risk. This will take time, money, and cooperation from industry--but it is a necessary and critical part of our homeland security effort.  A year and a half has passed since our Nation was struck by terrorists from the sky. We can't afford to wait for a similar--or potentially greater--tragedy to provide adequate funds for port security.  I yield the floor.  