 President, I rise to respond. The fact is, there are dozens of countries in this world that disagreed with what the United States is doing. I am one who voted to authorize the President with the use of force. Most of the larger countries in the world disagree.  Additionally, the French and the Germans, in many ways in the war against terror, have been helpful to the United States. Those of us who serve on the Intelligence Committee know this. We know that intelligence comes from both of those nations which is instrumental in helping in the war on terror.  The unilateral approach of this country is subject to some concern by other countries. That is not necessarily a bad thing. This is the first time in America's history we have unilaterally, with Great Britain, with the help of a couple thousand Australians, and with some tacit support of other countries in different ways, some public, some not public, essentially invaded another sovereign nation. There is a difference of opinion as to whether we should have stayed at the United Nations. I happen to share that view. I believe we should have worked to have made this more multilateral. I believe we should have taken the time to do so. But we chose not to do that. The administration chose not to do it.  For the Senate to pass this amendment--you might as well include a whole host of other countries in this--sets us upon a very bad course of action. I would think we would want everyone's help in the rebuilding of Iraq. I would think we would want everyone's help in the establishment of a secure and stable and open and free and, perhaps one day, democratic, new Iraqi government. To place two of America's staunchest allies, France and Germany, that have shown their solidarity with us over the years from the time--certainly the French from the time our country was founded, the Germans certainly subsequent to World War II, and not to understand that there are strong antiwar feelings in both of these countries is shortsighted.  What this Senate should try to do is bring people together, bring our allies together, to reduce America's unilateral courses in the world, to work with our friends. This does not help.  I hope there will be an overwhelming vote against this amendment.  