 President, I rise today to join my colleagues, Senators Frist, Daschle, Stevens, and Kennedy, to cosponsor a resolution honoring a very distinguished American who I am proud to call my very dear friend--Mr. James Johnson.  Minnesota has produced some extraordinary political individuals--Harold Stassen, Hubert Humphrey, Eugene McCarthy and Walter Mondale, among others. But among those who have never sought public office, but are still devoted to public policy and the power of good government, Jim Johnson stands out.  Born in the small town of Benson, Jim Johnson was exposed at an early age to Minnesota politics, where his father, Alfred Ingvald, was a leading figure in the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, serving for 2 years as speaker of the Minnesota House.  A natural politician, Jim was elected student body president at the University of Minnesota when only a sophomore, then went to Africa on a grant from the Ford Foundation, and earned a masters degree from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Government.  After serving on his Senate staff, Jim served as Executive Assistant to Vice President Walter Mondale and served as campaign director of the Vice President's 1984 bid for the White House.  In the private sector, Jim founded Public Strategies, with Richard Holbrooke, and later served as a managing director at Lehman Brothers.  Most notably, he also served as chairman and CEO of Fannie Mae, with the goal of allowing more Americans to fulfill their dreams of home ownership, and then as the chairman of the Kennedy Center.  For the last 7 years, Jim Johnson has done a remarkable job at the center.During his tenure, Congress approved a $650 million construction project that will include two new buildings and a large plaza, to better connect the center with the rest of the city.  He has made the center more accessible to the public, thanks to the free 6 p.m. performances that are held every day.  And who could forget last year's superb tribute to the America master, Stephen Sondheim?  At the same time, the Kennedy Center Awards have become nationally recognized and broadcast on prime time TV.  Not only has Jim Johnson worked tirelessly on behalf of the Kennedy Center, he has also been one of the center's most generous benefactors.  There is an old story about Jim Johnson, when he and former President Clinton were in their mid 20s and trying to gain their footing in the political arena.  What was very clear to everyone who knew the two of them back then: both had a real shot of becoming President of the United States.  Well, Jim Johnson never took the path of elected office. But he went on to serve our Nation with great distinction, in the public and the private sector, and he still has so much left to give. Wherever he goes and whatever he does, Jim Johnson will surely leave an indelible mark.  His wife Maxine and their son Alfred are immensely proud of this extraordinary man, just as I consider myself so very fortunate to call him my friend.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution and preamble be agreed to, en bloc, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, that any statements relating thereto be printed in the Record, without intervening action or debate.  