 President, I rise today to express my support for the amendment offered by myself and my colleague from Indiana, Senator Lugar, to restore the international affairs function 150 account to the President's request. I firmly believe that if we are to win the war against terror and decrease global poverty, we must use every tool at our disposal to do so.  At the constituent breakfasts I hold every Thursday in Washington, DC, for visiting Californians, I often ask: ``What percentage of the Federal Budget do you think we spend on foreign aid?'' The answers are fascinating and thought provoking: Some say 10 percent, others offer 15 percent, and even some think 20 percent is the right answer.  My constituents are surprised--even shocked--when I tell them that, in fact, the United States spends less than 1 percent of our budget on foreign aid. That is less than half of what it was just 15 years ago and it is barely 0.1 percent of GDP. The United States spends less than $30 a year for each of its citizens helping those in the developing world, compared with a median per capita of $70 by other industrialized nations.  In fact, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the United States in recent years ranks next to last among 21 industrialized donor countries in per capita foreign assistance.  Most Americans, however, recognize the benefits of foreign aid and support a robust international assistance package. A survey conducted by the Program on International Policy Attitudes of the University of Maryland found that, on average, Americans believe that 14 percent is an appropriate percentage of the Federal budget for foreign aid.  While we are far from that mark, I was pleased that President Bush announced last year before a summit in Monterrey, Mexico, an important new initiative to begin to restore the foreign aid budget to the high water mark of the cold war years and increase foreign assistance spending by $5 billion over the next 3 years  In announcing the program he stated,       The advancement of development is a central commitment of      American foreign policy . . . We work for prosperity and      opportunity because they are right. It's the right thing to      do. We also work for prosperity and opportunity because they      help defeat terror.  I and a bipartisan group of 35 other Senators wrote to President Bush to express our strong support for his initiative and to urge him to make a substantial first commitment to that effort in his fiscal year 2004 budget request.  That request, announced in February, contained $28.5 billion for the international affairs budget, including increased spending for the fight against HIV/AIDS and $1.3 billion for the proposed millennium challenge account.  I was disappointed, then, that the budget resolution passed out of the Budget Committee cut $1.15 billion from the President's request and reduced funding for the millennium challenge account to $300 million. Senator Lugar and I have drafted an amendment to restore the President's request of $28.5 billion.  In fact, I strongly believe that the United States should devote additional funds above the President's request to the international affairs budget. However, under the current fiscal circumstances and in the context of this budget, I understand that meeting the President's request is the best opportunity to make a statement about the importance of increasing foreign assistance.  I understand that the offset used in this amendment--the function 920 account--is not ideal, but we must move forward on our commitment to build a robust international affairs budget, and the Lugar/Feinstein amendment is the best vehicle to do so at this time.  Restoring the President's international affairs budget request is key to protecting our national security and our standing as a leader in the effort to reduce global poverty. The Senate, by accepting this amendment, will rise to the challenge.  As the men and women of our Armed Forces prepare to go into harm's way, we are reminded once again about the serious costs--in financial and human terms--of military conflict and postwar reconstruction. We will be doing our soldiers, sailors, and airmen a grave disservice if we do not make every effort to avoid the need for such conflicts in the future.  Our foreign aid budget, at a dramatically smaller cost and loss of life, can protect our national interests and the safety and security of all Americans.  One of the tragic mistakes of the post-cold-war era was the fact that the United States turned its back on Afghanistan after the collapse of the Soviet Union. We shifted our attention elsewhere, and the Taliban and al-Qaida moved in. The Afghan people, especially women and girls, suffered under a brutal dictatorship and terrorist camps flourished.  We are all aware of the consequences. We spent billions to remove the Taliban from power and it will cost billions more to rebuild Afghanistan. However costly an aid package would have been for the people of Afghanistan at the end of the cold war, it certainly would not have compared with the costs we have met so far.  No one doubts the strength of our Armed Forces. Our service men and women are the best in the world and the military component is key to defeating al-Qaida and other international terrorist organizations. Yet our troops cannot do the job on their own and we will not win the war on terror without making use of all the tools at our disposal to provide safety and security for all Americans.  By fulfilling President Bush's request and increasing the foreign aid budget, we will attack the conditions that foster terrorism in the developing world: poverty, hunger, illiteracy, and illness.  Terrorists prey on the hopelessness, anger, fear, and alienation of the poor and provide an easy way out of the misery of the developing world. Foreign aid by providing education, health care, shelter, and food promotes tolerance, understanding, and political stability.  Such attitudes and conditions are crucial if we are to help build prosperous democracies who will then become important allies and partners in facing a wide range of global challenges in addition to terrorism: Narcotics trafficking, the spread of weapons of mass destruction, aiding refugees, and building market economies. And we can build such allies far cheaper through a robust foreign aid budget than through costly military interventions.  Foreign aid not only protects our national security, it promotes the best of America and American values and sustains our influence in the world. Simply put, it brings out the best of who we are as a people.  Imagine a child in the developing world who attends a school built with American assistance, who studies textbooks purchased with American assistance, and who eats a meal provided by American assistance. How effective will the words of terrorists be on such a child? How prone to anti-Americanism will that child be?  Former German Chancellor Helumt Kohl often spoke of his memories as a child in postwar Germany, receiving soup off of an army truck from an American soldier. This is what foreign aid does: It gives hope to those who have none and shows them that Americans care.  In the days and weeks ahead, we will witness the power of our Armed Forces. By passing this amendment, the Senate will demonstrate the power of American goodwill and our commitment to helping those in need and safeguarding our own interests. This is a significant first step for the United States to reclaim its status as a leader in providing foreign assistance, and I lookforward to working with my colleagues and the administration to build on this initiative.  