 President, I had an opportunity to come      to the floor once before and express my views about the      nominee who is before the Senate for confirmation, Miguel      Estrada. But I want to make a few additional points at this      time, and I hope I don't repeat myself.       I want to say for my part and for the part of many others      in the body that this is not a debate we were eager to begin;      this is not a debate we are eager to continue; but this is a      debate that really goes to the heart of the separation of      powers and the checks and balances that the Founders of this      Nation so carefully crafted more than 200 years ago.       The President makes nominations to the Federal judiciary.      This is true. But it is a judiciary that Congress fashioned,      and it is a judiciary that the Senate has been given the      constitutional responsibility to help fill, through our      advice and consent role.       I am one who has always believed that every nominee should      get a full and fair hearing and that every nominee should      then get an up-or-down vote. For too long, I watched one      after another Clinton nominee languish without any such      courtesy, and with no explanation as to why. Many of his      nominees were minorities who never even got the chance to      speak to the Committee.       Chairman Hatch and I had many conversations during that      time about moving more nominees through the committee. And I      know he did more than many in his caucus would have liked him      to do to move nominees. For that, I thank him. I believe deep      in his heart he also believes nominees should move through      and get a hearing. But still, too many nominees were stopped      from even the most basic of rights during the nomination      process--a hearing--a basic right for someone who is      nominated to the Judiciary Committee. They should have a      right to have a hearing, in my view.       In this case, the Democrat-controlled Senate gave Miguel      Estrada a full and fair hearing and every opportunity to show      the committee what kind of judge he would be. But he did not      use that opportunity well.       Although I believe that every nominee deserves an up-or-     down vote, an up-or-down vote on final confirmation should      only occur after the Senate has had a full opportunity to      learn about the nominee and to properly judge whether or not      that nominee can serve impartially in the Federal judiciary.      In this case, I don't believe we have enough information to      make such a decision, as a direct result of the lack of      cooperation by this nominee and by the White House. As a      result, we should not be asked to make such an important      decision.       I want to clearly state this is not an issue of      retaliation, as some have suggested. It is true that the      Republican Senate did block a number of very qualified      Hispanic nominees--female nominees, and so on--under      President Clinton.       And it is true that many on this floor have mentioned those      nominees--Enrique Moreno, for instance. But they were      mentioned not to begin some tit-for-tat exchange of blocked      nominations. Quite the contrary. Under Chairman Leahy, the      Judiciary Committee and the Democrat-controlled Senate      confirmed 100 nominees in just over a year.       Mr. Estrada has already been given far better treatment      than many were given by the other side in the recent past.      All we ask for is some basic answers to the most basic of      questions. Think about this: Before us now, we have a 41-     year-old nominee about whom we know little. He has been      nominated to a crucial appellate court, the DC Circuit, which      is, at present, evenly split. That raises the question, Do we      have a right to know if this judicial nominee can be      impartial? I believe we do.       In this case, this nominee, for some reason, has been very      controversial from the beginning. We have heard from many who      have worked with Mr. Estrada or even supervised him, and many      who have watched him work throughout the years.       Without exception, all of these individuals believe Mr.      Estrada is bright. And I am confident that every Democrat in      this body agrees with that assessment. But that is not the      problem. And that is not the question today.       Without exception, all these individuals believe Mr.      Estrada to be well educated, as my colleagues on the other      side of the aisle have indicated throughout the last few      days. But that, too, is an issue that is not in doubt, and it      is not the problem.       And essentially, without exception, all of these      individuals believe Mr. Estrada is conservative. Some believe      him to be very conservative, some less so, but all recognize      him to be a conservative. Even Mr. Estrada himself, as I      understand it, would likely describe himself in this manner.      But make no mistake, this is not about whether or not Miguel      Estrada is conservative.       I have already voted for nominees whom I know to be      conservative, as have most, if not all, of my Democratic      colleagues.       At the present time, I have just given my proxy to the      Judiciary Committee that is considering three nominees to      appellate courts who are, in fact, conservative. And I will      vote yes on those nominees.       So the question is not whether this nominee--or any      nominee--is liberal or conservative, White or Hispanic,      Jewish or Catholic, or any other group or inclination. The      question with this nominee--and with every nominee--is      whether the nominee can put aside personal beliefs to rule      fairly and impartially on the cases that come before him or      her.       In some cases, we can get a clear idea of how a nominee      would handle the responsibilities of a Federal judgeship. But      in this case, as we tried to get a clear idea of how this      nominee would handle these responsibilities, we were really      stymied at every turn.       On the one hand, we have letters, phone calls. To my      office, we have received almost 8,000 phone calls in      opposition to this nominee; and less than 400 in favor. All      these phone calls seem to indicate the belief that Mr.      Estrada is an ideologue who cannot be trusted with a circuit      court judgeship.       We have Professor Paul Bender, Mr. Estrada's direct      supervisor at the Department of Justice, who said to the      press that he believed Estrada to be so ``ideologically      driven that he couldn't be trusted to state the law in a      fair, neutral way.'' Mr. Bender recently sent a letter to the      chairman of the Judiciary Committee essentially reaffirming      this statement.       We have major Hispanic organizations--just those groups one      might expect to most strongly support Mr. Estrada--strongly      opposing him instead.       On the other hand, as we look for facts to counteract such      serious concerns, we have almost nothing.       Miguel Estrada has never been a judge, so we have no record      of judicial decisionmaking to examine. This in itself is not      dispositive, but it is the first area where we find no record      to help us in our decisions.       Mr. Estrada is not a prolific writer, so again, unlike      many, we have no real record of writings or speeches to      examine. Again, this alone would not be dispositive, but, as      I said earlier this week, in a sense, it is strike two in      terms of where we can get information about this nominee.       We have not been granted access to the memos he wrote at      the Department of Justice, so we can only take the word of      the man who supervised him that those memos were      ideologically driven and could not be trusted. That is strike      three.       Mr. Estrada refused to adequately participate in his own      confirmation hearing, so we have no real answers to these      questions. And the questions are legitimate.       Even when given time to think about his answers, even when      he was given questions in written form, he refused to answer      those questions, using precisely the same language he used to      refuse to answer at his hearing.       For instance, when Senator Durbin asked this nominee, in      writing: ``Do you have an opinion on the merits of Roe v.      Wade?'' Mr. Estrada responded, as he did to me in committee,      ``it would not be appropriate for me to express such a view      without doing the intensive work that a judge hearing the      case would have to undertake--not only reading briefs and      hearing the arguments of counsel, but also independently      investigating the relevant constitutional text, case law, and      history.''       In the hearing, I asked him: Do you believe Roe was      correctly decided? And he said he could not answer that      question.       When Senator Kennedy asked Mr. Estrada, in writing, how he      would have resolved a case that came before the DC Circuit      and was then decided by the Supreme Court--Hoffman Plastics--     Mr. Estrada again answered that because he had not read the      briefs and was not present at oral argument, he could not      answer.       When Senator Kennedy asked him about the Maryland/DC/     Delaware Broadcasters case, again Mr. Estrada said he could      not, or would not, answer.       When Senator Durbin asked Mr. Estrada to name any judge,      living or dead, whom he would seek to emulate, Mr. Estrada      said he could name not one judge he would emulate.       In contrast, let me take a moment to talk about Judge      Richard Paez, a well-qualified Hispanic nominee sent to the      Senate by President Clinton and eventually confirmed to the      Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.       Judge Paez spent more than 1,500 days before this Senate      before he finally got a vote. And this came despite the fact      that he answered every question put to him.       For instance, Senator Sessions asked him: ``Which Supreme      Court Justice or federal judge has most influenced your      judicial philosophy?'' Judge Paez named Judge Harry Hupp, a      man he appeared before as a litigator, and a colleague of his      on the district court bench.       Senator Sessions asked Richard Paez: ``In your opinion what      is the greatest Supreme Court decision in American history?''      Judge Paez did not refuse to answer, or claim that he could      not give an answer because he had not been present at oral      arguments. Instead, he simply named Brown v. Board of      Education.       Senator Sessions then asked: ``What is the worst Supreme      Court decision?'' Judge Paez answered: ``Dred Scott.'' This      is the decision where the Supreme Court ruled, essentially,      ``once a slave, always a slave.''       Miguel Estrada, on the other hand, would not answer these      types of questions.       Senator Schumer asked him to name any Supreme Court case he      thought was wrongly decided.       He did not simply say he thinks Plessy v. Ferguson was      wrongly decided. That is the case that upheld the concept of      separate but equal. And even the Supreme Court has since      overturned it. I know of few people who would claim Plessy      was correctly decided. But Miguel Estrada apparently thinks      he could not say so without having heard the oral arguments.      He did not say he disagreed with the Dred Scott decision,      which upheld slavery. He did not say he believed Korematsu,      which upheld the right of the United States to put American      citizens of Japanese descent into internment camps. He named      none of these cases. He simply said he could not answer the      question.       This is in direct contrast to a recent experience with      Jeffrey Sutton during his hearing less than 2 weeks ago. Mr.      Sutton is also a controversial nominee, but he answered every      question put to him. We got a good sense of how he would      think and act as a judge. I, myself, who was concerned about      him initially, felt he was a strong advocate, but he knew the      difference. He could separate himself from the positions of      advocacy and become a fair and impartial judge. So I have      given my proxy right now to be carried out to vote yes for      Judge Sutton. Mr. Estrada, on the other hand, did his best to      keep from putting himself on record on any issue of real      substance.       Quite frankly, there are options. One, return this nominee      to the Judiciary Committee for answers. The Senate deserves      the answers. Democratic nominees were asked by distinguished      Republican Senators to answer questions such as this, and      they did. Even of those, many had judicial records. Many had      prolific writings. Many had speeches so that there were tools      we could go to to understand what their thinking was. But in      this case we have no speeches. We have no writings. We have      no record. Therefore, the answers to the questions become      extraordinarily dispositive. They also become meaningful to      any Senator who wants to cast an informed vote.       It is that simple. That is what this debate is about. We      cannot possibly fulfill our constitutional duty to advise and      consent to nominees if we are not given the necessary      information about the nominee.       In a case where you have a critical circuit such as the DC      Circuit, not only the plumbing grounds for the U.S. Supreme      Court, but handling environmental appeals, Superfund appeals,      wetlands appeals, OSHA appeals, all kinds of administrative      case law appeals, how this court is tilted becomes important      to us, particularly if we take this job of confirmation of      nominees seriously.       There is another option. That option is appoint Miguel      Estrada to a district court. Give him an opportunity to gain      that record. He is 41 years old. He is younger than my      daughter. Give him an opportunity to gain that record.      Remember, this is a man who will serve for 30, 40, possibly      even 50 years. It is a lifetime appointment. We are entitled      to answers to these questions.       In Miguel Estrada's questionnaire, he admitted to having      written no books, articles, or reports of any kind, save one      Law Review article in law school. That was titled ``The      Policies Behind Lending Limits.'' He wrote that in 1985. At      Miguel Estrada's hearing, he would not comment on whether any      case had ever been wrongly decided, even cases that have been      overturned. He would not name any single judge he would want      to emulate on the bench in any way. He would not answer      written questions put to him that would help us learn more      about how he thinks about cases and how he would judge them.      He would not even try to convince the Justice Department to      turn over some of the memos he wrote for the Solicitor      General's Office, nor would he himself turn them over.       If this nominee is confirmed, we believe we would be      sending a signal that stonewalling the Judiciary Committee      and the full Senate is the way to succeed on the way to a      judgeship. That is the wrong signal and the wrong message.       In effect, we would be abdicating our constitutional role,      our constitutional duty to advise and consent to nominees,      because we would never again be able to learn enough about a      nominee to make reasoned decisions.       Nominees could become increasingly young, increasingly      ideological, and increasingly silent. The courts would soon      be packed with judges of unknown disposition, unknown      temperament, and unknown proclivities to judge fairly and      impartially.       We should take our constitutional duties more seriously      than that. We simply are determined not to let that happen.       I would like to read the concluding sentence from the      editorial in today's New York Times: 6       The White House can call this politics or obstruction. But      in fact it is Senators doing their jobs.       I yield the floor.  