 President, I rise today to express my support for ratification of the Moscow Treaty which will require the United States and Russia to reduce the number of strategic nuclear warheads to 1,700 and 2,200 each by December 31, 2012. This treaty marks an important step forward in the relationship between the United States and Russia and reduces the dangers posed by strategic nuclear weapons. Nevertheless, I am concerned that the treaty does not go far enough and I believe its flaws must be addressed if we truly want to make the threat of nuclear war a thing of the past.  It should be pointed out that at one time the administration did not even want a treaty, preferring to reach a ``gentleman's agreement'' with Russia instead. I am pleased that President Bush changed course and recognized the value in committing the reduction of strategic nuclear warheads to a binding, legal document.  That document now before us is welcome but its brevity--all of three pages--indicates that certain issues were left out or swept aside.  First, the treaty does not actually require the United States or Russia to destroy any nuclear warhead. Either side may comply with the provisions of the treaty simply by ``deactivating'' the warhead and placing it in storage for possible redeployment. And, each side reserves the right to decide what exactly ``deactivation'' means.  This runs counter to the whole point of reducing the dangers of nuclear weapons by eliminating them once and for all. Have we really made a step forward in securing a better world for ourselves and future generations if both sides can re-arm at a moment's notice? And have we really made progress if the actual number of warheads destroyed is rather small?  Russia, for one, simply can not afford to maintain its current number of strategic nuclear warheads. But I am concerned that if we do not actively destroy more of our strategic nuclear warheads, Russia may feel compelled to keep more of its own, thus diverting valuable resources away from more pressing needs. And, I think everyone recognizes that Russia's ability to safely and securely store any warheads is far less than our own and the potential that they may fall into the wrong heads much higher.  Second, the treaty does not contain a detailed verification regime to judge compliance with its provisions. The treaty only mentions the creation of a Bilateral Implementation Commission that will meet twice a year. No more. The START Treaty, in contrast, contained provisions on detailed notifications, regular data exchanges, onsite inspections, and continuous monitoring of select facilities.  President Reagan was found telling his Soviet counterparts that when it came to reducing the number of nuclear weapons, his motto was ``Trust, but verify.'' Though the Soviet Union is no more and Russia and the United States have a new relationship based on friendship and cooperation, I believe President Reagan's words still ring true.  Eliminating nuclear warheads is serious business and it is beneficial and, necessary, even for friends, to closely monitor, and verify, the progress of each side. We will enhance and deepen the trust and cooperation between Russia and the United States by doing so. So, I would urge the administration to use the Bilateral Implementation Commission as a forum for negotiating a detailed verification regime.  Third, there is no timetable for implementation and no mileposts to judge progress before the Treaty expires. The only date and milepost mentioned is the deadline to reach 1,700 to 2,200 strategic nuclear warheads by December 31, 2012.  Thus, over a 10-year period, with no verification regime, we will have no indication on how Russia is achieving the goals of the treaty until the very day it is bound to reach those goals. And then the treaty expires unless both sides agree at some point to extend it.  Again, trust and cooperation are built on verification and openness. I urge the administration to press for detailed timetables and mileposts to ensure that both sides are actively complying with the provisions of the treaty and will reach the final marker at the stated time.  Fourth, the treaty does not address tactical nuclear weapons. As my colleagues know, there is a great deal of uncertainty about the number, location, and secure storage of Russian tactical nuclear weapons. Smaller and more portable than strategic nuclear weapons, they are vulnerable to theft or sale to terrorist groups. Yet, the treaty does not even mention them.  This is a glaring oversight and the dangers posed by tactical nuclear weapons--especially now in the post-September 11 world of global terrorism--warrants the immediate attention and action by both Russia and the United States. I urge the administration to press for an accurate accounting of and adequate safeguards for tactical nuclear warheads and to work towards reducing their number.  Finally, the treaty does not address the alert status of our nuclear forces. I offered, and withdrew, an amendment to address this issue earlier. Suffice to say that I am very concerned that in this era of a new relationship between the United States and Russia, we still keep our nuclear weapons on high alert or hair trigger status. This greatly increases the chances of an accidental or unauthorized launch or miscalculation which would result in unthinkable devastation.  Clearly there are problems with this treaty but I will vote for ratification because it is a step forward towards the goal of reducing the dangers posed by strategic nuclear weapons.  But there is a lot of work to be done to make this Treaty truly worthwhile. As our former colleague Senator Sam Nunn stated in hearing held by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on the Moscow Treaty:       If [the Treaty] is not followed with other substantive      actions it will become irrelevant at best and      counterproductive at worst.  I hope the administration will take these words to heart and get to work on the important issues left out of the treaty so that we will be able to leave a world for future generations safer from the horror of nuclear war.  