 President, as we continue to debate this supplemental, we continue to find ourselves dancing around a very important question that we've been asked--the one that Senator Dorgan raises today: how is reconstruction in Iraq to be paid for?  First, let me say that it is clear that we unequivocally support our troops and nearly all of us support their mission. I voted to support the President in this effort a year ago this month and continue to support our efforts to liberate Iraq from the terror that continues to grip its citizens.  But, the answer to the question of cost is much less clear.  Last week I came to the Floor in support of Senator Biden's amendment to rollback a small portion of the President's May 2003 tax cut. Senator Biden's amendment would have paid for this supplemental while protecting every American from undue hardship.  That amendment failed to gain the necessary support that would have made it part of this supplemental. And, those who voted against that amendment have yet to tell the rest of us how it is that we can afford to spend $20 billion on Iraqi reconstruction and pass that cost onto our children.  So, as of today, we still have not figured out how to pay for our efforts in Iraq.  For a moment, let us set aside the portion of the supplemental that I believe has nearly universal support here in the Senate--that being the portion to pay for ongoing military operations.  Let us focus instead on that portion of the supplemental that deals exclusively with reconstruction in Iraq.  The administration would like us to approve more than $20 billion for projects we all consider necessary for any fledgling nation, but should the American public or the Iraqi people pay for these types of improvements? Should the American people be paying for pickup trucks, radios and computer training? Remember, these are improvements that were, in large part, needed prior to our arrival in Iraq.  Let me be clear, I am not questioning the need for these improvements, but rather who ultimately pays for them.  In February 2003, and on at least three other occasions, we were told by the White House that ``Iraq, unlike Afghanistan, is a rather wealthy country. Iraq has tremendous resources that belong to the Iraqi people. And so there are a variety of means that Iraq has to be able to shoulder much of the burden for their own reconstruction.''  The White House knows, as we do, that Iraq is in control of the second largest proven oil reserve on the planet and modern financing techniques will allow Iraq to leverage these natural resources to rebuild its nation.  Senator Dorgan's amendment encapsulates an idea that is proven and at work all over the globe. The worldwide securitization market is in excess of $2 trillion.  We have heard from several experts, including the Export-Import Bank, that securitization is workable and, in this case, desirable.  Securitization is the most legitimate way to provide reconstruction dollars and to foster a sense of Iraqi ownership in the outcome of this process of liberation, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  