 President, I rise today to submit a resolution to prohibit employment discrimination in the Senate based on sexual orientation.  I would like to thank the Senator from Oregon, Mr. Smith, as well as my other colleagues who join me in introducing this resolution.  The resolution would amend the Standing Rules of the Senate by adding ``sexual orientation'' to ``race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or state of physical handicap'' in the antidiscrimination provision of rule 42, which governs the Senate's employment practices.  By amending the current rule, it would forbid any Senate Member, officer, or employee from terminating, refusing to hire, or otherwise discriminating against an individual with respect to promotion, compensation, or any other privilege of employment, on the basis of that individual's sexual orientation.  Senate employees currently have no recourse available to them should they become a victim of this type of employment discrimination.  If the rules are amended, any Senate employee that encountered discrimination based on their sexual orientation would have the option of reporting it to the Senate Ethics Committee. The Ethics Committee could then investigate the claim and recommend discipline for any Senate Member, officer, or employee found to have violated the rule.  Unfortunately, the Senate is already well behind other establishments of the U.S. Government in this area of antidiscrimination.  By 1996, at least 13 Cabinet level agencies, including the Departments of Justice, Agriculture, Transportation, Health and Human Services, Interior, Housing and Urban Development, Labor, and Energy, in addition to the General Accounting Office, General Services Administration, Internal Revenue Service, the Federal Reserve System, Office of Personnel Management, and the White House had already issued policy statements forbidding sexual orientation discrimination.  In 1998, Executive Order 13087 was issued to prohibit sexual orientation discrimination in the Federal executive branch, including civilian employees of the military departments and sundry other governmental entities.  That Executive order now covers approximately 2 million Federal civilianworkers. Yet more than 4 years later, there are still employees of the Senate that are unprotected.  In taking this step toward addressing discrimination, the Senate would join not only the executive branch, but also 308 Fortune 500 companies, 23 State governments and 262 local governments that have already prohibited workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation.  Currently, 65 Senators have already adopted written policies for their congressional offices indicating that sexual orientation is not a factor in their employment decisions.  Now, I urge my colleagues to join me by making this policy universal for the Senate, rather than relying on a patchwork of protection that only covers some of the Senate's employees.  