 That act exempted just energy and metals. It was not the intention actually to do that. The Senate part of that bill did not exempt them. What happened was Enron went to the House and Enron secured an exemption of energy and metals in the House. That exemption was handled in the conference, and the Senate language was not in the bill.  The exemption was effectively created. The loophole was created. We are just trying to eliminate that loophole. We are not attacking derivatives. All we are saying is: If you do this kind of trading, you must keep a record just as anybody else does. You must be transparent. You must have an audit trail, and you are subject to any fraud or manipulation oversight by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.  This is where it gets a little complicated. If I sell energy to you and you deliver, then that is covered by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. If I sell energy to you and you sell it to a third person or entity that sells it to a fourth entity that sells it to a fifth entity and then it goes into the field, those interim trades are not covered.  That is what we seek to cover because that is where the games exist. It is a rather subtle point, but it is also an important point.  I heard people say that this will stifle the market. I will tell you what has been happening out there. Without transparency and without record keeping stifles the market.  When Mr. Fortney was arrested last week for creating schemes such as Ricochet, Death Star, and Get Shorty, you don't think that stifles the market when you have other traders pleading guilty to fraud and wire fraud?  Does that not stifle the market? And does that not give the average consumer the belief that they cannot trust this marketplace as being fair and transparent? I believe it does. More fundamentally, I believe the rules that govern the marketplace should be rules to protect the average consumer, not the big boys; they can take care of themselves. But the average consumer has to have confidence in the marketplace that it is fair and that it is transparent.  I would like to correct the idea that this amendment has not gone through regular order. I moved this amendment last year to the Energy bill. Senator Gramm of Texas, who, incidentally, subsequently went to work for EnronOnline in its new life with UBS Warburg--which is fine--argued against my amendment. We tried to settle our differences. It took quite some time. We could not settle our differences on this amendment, and we did have a vote.  Another reason for the vote is there were people who believed this had not had enough committee hearing. So we had a vote, and I think we got 48 votes. The amendment went to the Agriculture Committee. The Agriculture Committee held hearings. The staff of both sides reviewed the legislation. Senator Harkin, who was chairman, and Senator Lugar, who was ranking member, are both cosponsors of this amendment.  The problem is, the end of the session came without a markup, so this is really the opportunity we have to place this amendment into some form of law, and so we take this opportunity.  I also wish to say that the President's working group in 1999, in their report--this was before the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000--very specifically said, on page 2 of their report, that:       An exclusion from the CEA [Commodities Exchange Act] for      electronic trading systems for derivatives, provided that the      systems limit participation to sophisticated counterparties      trading for their own accounts and are not used to trade      contracts that involve non-financial commodities with finite      supplies. . . .  In other words, they are saying that commodities with finite supplies should be included in the bill, but they are recommending that those that do not have finite supplies, such as financials derivatives, not be included in the bill. Now, apparently, they are changing their position. But I want to make very clear that was the position of the ``Over-the-Counter Derivatives Markets and the Commodity Exchange Act, Report of The President's Working Group on Financial Markets'' dated November 1999. And the Senate version of the Commodity Futures Modernization Act actually did just what this working group stated.  Again, to refute the allegation that I am in some way blaming derivatives for the western energy crisis--I am not--I am blaming this loophole which allows all this secret trading, which we have seen result in fraudulent schemes, to try to close that loophole. And the way to close it is to bring the light of day to it. That is what we are trying to do.  I pointed out yesterday, because some people said, well, we need to study this more, that it has been studied more and that the ``Final Report On Price Manipulation In Western Markets, Fact-Finding Investigation Of Potential Manipulation Of Electric And Natural Gas Prices,'' which was prepared by the staff of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and dated March 2003, says the following as one of their recommendations:       Recommend that Congress consider giving direct authority to      a Federal agency to ensure that electronic trading platforms      for wholesale sales of electric energy and natural gas in      interstate commerce are monitored--  That is what we do--     and provide market information that is necessary for price      discovery in competitive energy markets.  That is exactly what this does, as recommended by this report of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.  With the modification I made, metals will have the same level of oversight as exists under current law today.  Now, let me go back again to 2000. I mentioned the change that was made to accommodate Enron lobbying to the Commodity Futures Modernization Act. It also did not take long for EnronOnline and others in the energy sector to take advantage of this new freedom by trading energy derivatives absent any transparency or regulatory oversight. Thus, after the 2000 legislation--and really right away--EnronOnline began to trade energy derivatives bilaterally without being subject to proper regulatory oversight.  It should not surprise anyone that without this transparency, prices soared. In 2000, if Enron's derivatives business had been a stand-alone company, it would have been the 256th largest company in America. That year, Enron claimed it made more money from its derivatives business--$7.23 billion--than Tyson Foods made from selling chicken. That is according to author Robert Bryce, who wrote a book on Enron called ``Pipe Dreams.''  EnronOnline rapidly became the biggest platform for electronic energy trading. But unlike regulated exchanges, such as the New York Mercantile Exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, the Chicago Board of Trade, EnronOnline was not registeredwith the CFTC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, so it set its own standards. And that is the problem. Traders and others in the energy sector came to rely on EnronOnline for pricing information. Yet the company's control over this information, and its ability to manipulate it, was large.  As this same author, Robert Bryce, describes--and let me quote--       Enron didn't just own the casino. On any given deal, Enron      could be the house, the dealer, the oddsmaker, and the guy      across the table you're trying to beat in diesel fuel      futures, gas futures, or the California electricity market.  The Electric Power Supply Association, EPSA, has sent a letter to all Senators asking them to oppose our oversight amendment. This should not be strange to anybody because its members are exactly the same companies that are being investigated and have been investigated by FERC for wrongdoing in the western energy crisis. It is AES Corporation; it is BP Energy; it is Duke Energy; it is Mirant Energy; it is Reliant Energy; it is UBS Warburg, which purchased Enron's trading unit; and it is Williams Energy. Now, with others, they are all members of EPSA, not companies that Westerners trust very much these days in light of what we have been through.  Now, I want to just document some of this.  Let me quickly run through these again because, again, a lot of these round-trip trades were done on the Internet.  Other schemes were carried out on the Internet. Let's just go through this. Duke Energy disclosed that $1.1 billion worth of trades were round trip since 1999. Roughly two-thirds of these were done on the Intercontinental Exchange, which is an online trading platform owned by the banks, again, where there is no transparency, no net capital requirements, and no recordkeeping whatsoever. Now, this also meant that thousands of subscribers would have seen false price signals.  Why would they see false price signals? That is because of the nature of a wash or round-trip trade. Again, a wash or round-trip trade would be that I am going to sell you energy at a certain price and you are going to sell me energy at a certain price, but no energy ever changes hands; yet we both post sales. That is what a wash trade or a round-trip trade is.  A class action suit accused the El Paso Corporation of engaging in dozens of round-trip energy trades that artificially bolstered its revenues and trading volumes over the last 2 years.  CMS Energy admitted conducting wash energy trades that artificially inflated its revenue by more than $4.4 billion. These round-trip trades accounted for 80 percent of their trade in 2001. So 80 percent of this company's trades in 2001--in the heart of the energy crisis--were not trades at all. No energy ever traded hands. They just boosted their sales--artificially.  This is another facet of artificially filing false reports: reporting fictitious natural gas transactions to an industry publication. You can read it for yourself. The overwhelming figure in this is, if you look at what was done with energy and you look at California, where one year the total cost of energy was $7 billion and the next year it was $28 billion, which is a 400 percent increase, there is no way that could be legitimate. There is no way the energy need of a State could increase 400 percent in 1 year. Demand didn't increase 400 percent.  So without this type of legislation, there really is insufficient authority to investigate and prevent fraud and price manipulations since parties making the trade are not required to keep a record. What we would require them to do is keep a record. Therefore, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, in the event of many of these interim trades, and the FERC, where energy is directly delivered as a product of a trade, has the ability to do the investigation based on records. If you don't keep records, it is very hard to prove that.  I would like to repeat that this amendment does not ban trades. This amendment does not affect financial derivatives. This amendment would only require oversight and transparency for those energy trades that are now taking place within this loophole, and it would provide oversight, as recommended in the FERC report.  We are very proud to have the support of the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, the Derivative Study Center, the American Public Gas Association, American Public Power Association, California Municipal Utilities Association, Southern California Public Power Authority, Transmission Excess Policy Study Group, U.S. Public Interest Research Group, Consumers Union, Consumers Federation of America, Calpine, Southern California Edison, Pacific Gas and Electric, and FERC Chairman Patrick Wood.  Again, this amendment is not going to do anything to change what happened in California and the West. But it does provide the necessary authority for the CFTC and the FERC to help protect against another energy crisis.  I might say I am very suspicious of people who want to do trading in the dark. I am very suspicious when they say, oh, we are so sophisticated you cannot possibly know how this is done and you are going to stifle trade, because they don't want to keep a record of that trade, they don't want transparency, they don't want to keep an audit on trade, and they don't want any Government agency assuring there isn't fraud or manipulation. I am doubly suspicious of them, particularly because of the fraud and manipulation we now know took place.  So, please, don't tell me I am not sophisticated enough to understand. I understand plenty. I understand, when the price goes from $7 billion to $28 billion in a very short period of time, that you have to begin to look. I understand now that these arrests are occurring and the manipulations of Ricochet and Death Star and Get Shorty and wash trades are all becoming well known. I understand. The point is it is wrong. The point is, you cannot prove it is wrong if there are no records of those trades.  So what we are saying is these trades can go on, but you keep records. We give the CFTC the responsibility to set net capital requirements commensurate with risk. That is good oversight for the public and that is good oversight for anybody who is going to invest, because when net capital is not available and the house begins to collapse, as it did with Enron, the company goes bankrupt.  I think I have made my case. We have gone over this. I sent this legislation to the head of Goldman Sachs. They run an electronic exchange. I said, please, if you have problems with it, let me know. I did not hear. We have vetted it and talked over the past year and a half, 2 years, with virtually anyone who wanted to come in and talk with us about it.  Mr. President, I am absolutely determined and I am going to come back and back and back until this loophole is closed. Nobody can tell me I am not sophisticated enough to know that sunshine and records and transparency are critical to the effective functioning of a free marketplace, because I believe that just as much as I believe in the Pledge of Allegiance--and I do believe in the Pledge of Allegiance. When you allow hiding and you allow these trades to take place surreptitiously, that is when there are problems.  I am afraid I have said this over and over again, but we went through it and we saw it. We read the 3,000 pages California has sent to the FERC. This is another intrigue. Can you imagine that no State has the right today to present evidence to the FERC of fraud or manipulation?  California had to go to the Supreme Court to get that right, and then when we got that right, we were told it had to be in in 100 days. California submitted 3,000 pages within the 100 days, and it is loaded with examples of fraud and manipulation.  We know there is fraud, we know there is manipulation, and we know that was present in the western energy crisis, and all we are trying to do is bring light of day to one loophole that was in the Commodity Futures Modernization Act because a major offender lobbied for it in the laws. It was not in the Senate bill. The Senate bill originally covered this, but they lobbied in the House. It was taken out in conference, and the loophole was created.  If the past 3 years have not been evidence enough, if the arrests are not evidence enough, if we do not want a transparent marketplace, if we want people to be able to do this trading--and we can tell you the language of some of these trades; if they knew they were being recorded, I do not think they would do it in the way they did it--if we want to allow those procedures to continue to happen, that is what a motion to table and a tabling vote will do.  I am very hopeful and I am asking my colleagues to vote nay on the motion to table and vote yea on the modified amendment which is now at the desk.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hagel). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  