  If ever there was a special interest provision in an appropriations bill, this is the mother and father of such a rider. I rise in opposition to what is called the small engine provision in the 2004 VA-HUD appropriations bill. I note that the Senator from Missouri did not send to the desk an amendment he plans to introduce to change the underlying amendment that was introduced in the Appropriations Committee markup. So I am going to try to address both pieces of legislation and indicate my opposition to both. Although the amendment that he says he is going to introduce is better than the language in the underlying bill, it is still unacceptable because it would effectively block any State regulation of small road engines anywhere in America. This provision was inserted into the chairman's mark at the request of a single engine manufacturing company, Briggs & Stratton from Missouri.  As originally written, the underlying bill would effectively preempt any State regulation of pollution from off-road engines smaller than 175 horsepower. I understand the Senator from Missouri now wants to narrow his provision to block any regulation of spark engines under 50 horsepower and not include diesel engines. This new provision is better but, as I said, still unacceptable.  Since the beginning, section 209 of the Clean Air Act has recognized that States, with extraordinary or extreme pollution, need flexibility to reduce pollution and protect public health. A California law actually served as the model for the original Clean Air Act. I think that is interesting. As a result, the Clean Air Act has always allowed California to set its own standards for some sources of pollution. Later changes in the law allowed other States to adopt the California standards, if they so chose.  The 1990 Clean Air Act amendments gave California the right to regulate emissions from off-road engines smaller than 175 horsepower, except for agricultural and construction equipment. So other States are currently free to adopt the California standards or not. The right of States to regulate small engines would quickly be taken away if the Bond provision is allowed to remain in this bill. Mr. President, individual States should have the right to regulate these small engines as they choose.  That is what States rights is all about. Many States have benefitted from the process established in section 209, and California's regulations often serve as models for the rest of the Nation. The small engine provision would amend section 209 and remove important rights from States. I oppose using the appropriations process to take away States rights under the Clean Air Act. This kind of change to a major law like the Clean Air Act deserves a full debate, hearing, and review in the Environment and Public Works Committee. It has had none of the above.  It is important for all of my colleagues to understand that one company is behind this so-called small engine provision. We are having this debate simply because Briggs & Stratton disagrees with a recently adopted California regulation which, incidentally, does not go into effect for another 5 years. I will explain why that becomes relevant later.  On September 25 of this year, California adopted a regulation reducing emissions from off-road engines smaller than 25 horsepower, mainly lawn and garden equipment. This is the interesting thing: This regulation is the equivalent of removing 1.8 million automobiles from California's roads by 2020. That is how big an item this is in my State. Once again, let me make it clear that we are talking about the equivalent of 1.8 million automobiles.  But the issue here is not whether we should support any particular regulation from the California Air Resources Board. The issue is whether we should permanently take away States rights to regulate these engines, period. Briggs & Stratton is using opposition to a single California regulation to block every State's efforts to regulate these engines anywhere in the future. I do not believe we should take such important changes to the Clean Air Act lightly, especially when such changes have been included in an appropriations bill without having adequately looked at the crucial stakes involved.  Briggs & Stratton has made a series of arguments in opposition to the California regulation. We heard the Senator from Missouri say the regulation would force the company to close plants, threaten thousands of American jobs, and for jobs to be moved to China. I don't know how the Senator from Missouri knows that they would move jobs to China unless Briggs & Stratton have told him that is what they plan to do.  At the very same time that Briggs & Stratton is lobbying this Senate to preempt California regulations, the company was telling the Securities and Exchange Commission an entirely different thing. On September 11 of thisyear, while lobbying the Senate in support of the small engine provision, Briggs & Stratton filed their annual 10-K report with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Here is what they say in their report:       While Briggs & Stratton believes the cost of the proposed      regulation on a per engine basis is significant, Briggs &      Stratton does not believe that the [California Air Resources      Board] staff proposal will have a material effect on its      financial condition or results of operations, given that      California represents a relatively small percentage of Briggs      & Stratton's engine sales and that increased costs will be      passed on to California consumers.  So point 1, California is just a small part of the Briggs & Stratton market. Point 2, it will not affect the financial viability of that market. And point 3, they would only pass on the costs of retrofitting these engines to whomever would buy it, something that is fairly typical. Now why all this talk about moving 22,000 jobs to China if, in fact, what they said on their SEC statement is correct? The SEC statement is the be-all-and-end-all for a company's integrity and credibility.  If you lie on your SEC statement, you get into a lot of trouble with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Section 209 of the Clean Air Act gives California the right to regulate these engines. The company is free to pass along these costs to Californians. My State will accept those costs because we need cleaner air. As far as I am concerned, this is the way regulations should work.  Since we brought the annual report to the attention of the public, Briggs & Stratton has argued that the annual report was simply discussing the company's bottom line and that sending jobs overseas would not affect the bottom line. But that is not what the company's annual report says. The report says, again, California is but a small share of the Briggs & Stratton market. Increased costs will simply be passed along to California consumers. It does not say that any increased costs will force jobs overseas.  So Briggs & Stratton is telling the Securities and Exchange Commission that everything is fine and at the same time telling the media, the public, and this body that the sky is falling.  Senator Boxer and I have asked the Securities and Exchange Commission to investigate whether Briggs & Stratton has broken any securities laws by telling such drastically different stories. We are still waiting for a response.  In terms of jobs, my colleagues should also know that Briggs & Stratton's SEC report is referring to the original regulation proposed by the Air Resources Board. Since the SEC report was filed, the California Air Resources Board has continued to work with the industry to modify the regulation to correct fire safety concerns and to reduce costs, and I believe they will get there. They have 5 years to do so.  Madam President, what I am going to be doing in this portion of my remarks is essentially showing that Briggs & Stratton really is an isolated company asking for this. By so asking for it, they are going to cause additional costs to other industries. So I hope to make that argument now.  Last month, the Outdoor Power Equipment Institute, the small engine industry's leading trade group of which Briggs & Stratton is a member issued a press release which said that the industry's input into the adopted regulation made the regulation acceptable. This press release details the concessions made by the State and said that the Air Resources Board largely adopted the industry's counterproposal. In other words, the industry trade council, of which Briggs & Stratton is a member, had their counterproposal adopted by the State Air Resources Board and yet Briggs & Stratton is still opposing the action.  I quote the release:       For the past 2 years, the Outdoor Power Equipment Institute      has been working proactively with the staff of the California      Air Resources Board to improve proposed catalyst base exhaust      standards for real problems.  The press release goes on to say:       In direct response to the Outdoor Power Equipment      Institute's advocacy, the California Air Resources Board      unanimously adopted on September 25 a modified framework      which, one, relaxes the stringency of the California Air      Resources Board's staff's proposed tier 3 exhaust standards      and, secondly, substantially improves the overall general      framework for the still-to-be-defined evaporative      regulations.  I ask unanimous consent that the text of the Outdoor Power Equipment Institute's press release be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  