 President, I wanted to use 12 minutes of the Senate's time to discuss my reaction to this bill and my general thinking about the subject of medical malpractice insurance premiums.  I think it is pretty clear that medicine is at a crossroads. I think it is pretty clear that something has to be done. My own State of California was at the crossroads 28 years ago. A bill was passed through the legislature called the Medical Injury Compensation Reform Act, known as MICRA. MICRA had a rough road initially. It had a number of court challenges. Finally, it was sustained by the California Supreme Court.  What we saw--I will go into this in more detail later on--was that premium costs began to settle down. In fact, I think it is fair to say that the California medical profession is very pleased with the MICRA bill as it stands today.  The problem I have--and I am probably one of the few on my side of the aisle who is not opposed to the issue of caps because I think in this situation they are helpful, but my problem is with the bill that is before us today because that bill is nearly identical to the bill passed out of the House and, frankly speaking, it is not one that I can support.  This bill before us sets a $250,000 cap for noneconomic damages in medical malpractice suits. Now, this can be applied not only to suits against doctors but to suits against HMOs, nursing homes, and medical product manufacturers. It is a very broad provision. This cap would even apply for extraordinary cases. I will give you one: A youngster, Jessica Santillan, a 17-year-old who died after doctors mistakenly transplanted the wrong kidneys into her body.  So under this bill, suits against drug and device manufacturers also, such as the makers of the weight loss drug Phen-Fen, the Dalkon shield contraceptive device, faulty heart valves, and other products that have caused innocent deaths, would be limited to $250,000 in noneconomic damages. I find that unacceptable.  Secondly, this legislation would severely limit the availability of punitive damages not only for doctors butalso for manufacturers. In general, punitive damages are capped at the greater of $250,000 or twice economic damages in this bill. But the bill also wipes out any punitive damages in several different types of lawsuits against medical product manufacturers. It would immunize the manufacturer or seller of drugs from punitive damages for any packaging or labeling defect on their product. So, presumably, if a drug package label had mistakenly directed a patient to take 10 pills a day instead of 1 pill a day, a patient could not sue for punitive damages, regardless of the harm caused or the basis of the mistaken direction.  It would also limit the availability of punitive damages against any manufacturer or distributor of medical products if the product complied with FDA regulations. Let me give you an example: a product such as the Bjork-Shiley artificial heart valve. It originally received FDA approval, but these valves broke in an estimated 619 patients and led to hundreds of deaths. Under this bill, they would be immune from any punitive damage case. I think that is wrong.  This FDA exemption, in a sense, sets a downward and unacceptable course. If a company has an FDA-approved product on the market and then learns of a dangerous complication presented by that product or a failure of that product, it should have the incentive to remove that product from the marketplace as soon as possible. I think to provide an exemption if the product has FDA approval creates a disincentive to the rapid removal of that product from the shelf.  So while I cannot support this proposal, there are, however, proposals which I could support because I do believe that rising premiums are creating a crisis all across this country in terms of access to care. Others have placed before this body a number of situations. Let me just repeat a few.  Obstetricians and gynecologists in Florida pay over $200,000 a year for malpractice insurance as opposed to $57,000 a year in California. And there is no more high-cost State than California. So OB/GYN premiums in Florida, $200,000; in California, because of MICRA, $57,000; surgeons in Michigan pay $110,000 for malpractice insurance. Twenty percent of the OBs and GYNs in West Virginia and Georgia have been forced out of their practice due to rising premiums.  Nine hundred doctors in Pennsylvania have left the State since 2001 to avoid annual premiums as high as $200,000. The Methodist Hospital in Philadelphia discontinued its prenatal program for low-income women because of high premium costs.  The neurosurgeons of Wheeling, WV, have left the area, and local trauma patients requiring neurosurgery need to be airlifted out of the State.  Not only are insurance premiums skyrocketing in some States, but insurers are leaving the market, and that is a very dangerous signal. There were 14 companies underwriting liability in Mississippi; today, there is but one willing to write new policies. Texas had 17 insurance carriers; today it has 4.  In California, we have nonprofits handling the insurance for California's doctors, and that is one reason the system works.  I have spent a number of months taking a good look at the California law to see what could be transferred to the national level. And I want to say, here and now, this Senator would support reasonable caps on noneconomic damages because I deeply believe they can lead to more stable premium rates.  At the time MICRA was enacted in 1975, the cost of health insurance in California was higher than any other market except New York City. In the 6 years before 1975, the number of malpractice suits filed per 100 physicians in California more than doubled.  MICRA has kept costs down. In 1975, California's doctors paid 20 percent of the gross costs of all malpractice insurance premiums in the country. Today, they pay 11 percent of the Nation's total malpractice insurance premiums. Clearly, costs have dropped in comparison with other States.  All over the United States, premiums have grown 505 percent in the past 25 years. California's premiums have grown 167 percent. In other words, premiums have grown three times slower in California than in other States. That alone shows that MICRA is working, regardless of what anyone might say.  Also, because of MICRA, patients get their money 23 percent faster than in States without caps on noneconomic damages. Bottom line: California's malpractice premiums today are one-third to one-half lower, on average, than those in Florida or New York.  Because the California law has proven successful at keeping premiums down--and I know there are those who do not want to believe it; they will say it is some other reason; but I believe it has--I used the law as a departure point for crafting a proposal which I believe is both just and fair and which I believe should stabilize and, over time, reduce premium costs.  I very much appreciate the efforts of Senator Frist and Senator McConnell in working with me to explore this option. I am not going to offer it on the floor today for one reason: Unfortunately, it would not have the necessary votes.  Specifically, my proposal would do the following: It would create a schedule for attorney's fees. It would create a strict statute of limitations, requiring that medical negligence claims be brought within 1 year from the discovery of an injury or within 3 years of the injury's occurrence. It would require a claimant to give a defendant 90 days' notice of his or her intent to file a lawsuit before a claim could actually be filed. It would allow defendants to pay damage awards in periodic installments. It would allow defendants to introduce evidence at trial to show that claimants have already been compensated for their injuries through workers compensation benefits, disability benefits, health insurance, or other payments--that is only fair--and it would permit the recovery of unlimited economic damages.  My proposal would differ from California's law in two key areas: One, noneconomic damages and, two, punitive damages. The California MICRA law has a $250,000 cap on noneconomic damages. In contrast, I would propose a $500,000 general cap on noneconomic damages. Today 15 States have caps of $500,000 or less for noneconomic damages. Twelve States have a cap of $500,000 or less on noneconomic damages, and that includes Alaska, Florida, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Michigan, Mississippi, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Hawaii, North Dakota, and South Dakota. Three States have caps of $250,000-or-less and they include Montana, New Hampshire, and California. Thus, 15 States already have caps of $500,000 or lower.  In catastrophic cases, where a victim of malpractice was subject to severe disfigurement, severe disability, or death--in other words, a catastrophic exemption--the cap would be the greater of $2 million or 50,000 times the number of years of the life expectancy of the victim. This really takes into consideration terrible morbidity done to a young child whose life span might be 50 or 60 years more. Clearly, a cap of $250,000 or $500,000 is really not fair to that youngster. Therefore, the catastrophic exemption we would propose would provide the greater of $2 million or 50,000 times the number of years of life expectancy of the victim.  In addition, we would propose a less onerous punitive damages standard than California law. California law is very strict today with respect to a plaintiff's ability to prove punitives under the very high standard of fraud, oppression, or malice. In other words, if you can't prove fraud, oppression, or malice, you can't prove punitive damages. If a doctor is in the middle of surgery and walks out to go to his bank to make a deposit while the patient is under a general anesthetic, in my view, that doctor should have punitive damages brought against him because that clearly is not accepted medical procedure.  California's law is much stricter. You have to prove fraud, oppression, or malice. Under this law, I am not aware of a single case where a plaintiff has obtained punitive damages in California over the past 10 years. So at least in my view, for situations such as the one I just indicated, the California law is too strict in this regard.  Instead we would offer a four-part test where a plaintiff would have to show by clear and convincing evidence--and this was put together based on measures that have passed this Senate in the not too distant past--thatthe defendant, one, intended to injure the claimant unrelated to the provision of health care; or two, understood that the claimant was substantially certain to suffer unnecessary injury and, in providing or failing to provide health care services, the defendant deliberately failed to avoid such injury; three, the defendant acted with a conscious flagrant disregard of a substantial and unjustifiable risk of unnecessary injury which the defendant failed to avoid; or four, the defendant acted with a conscious flagrant disregard of acceptable medical practice in such circumstances.  Clearly, the doctor who walked out of a surgery and left a patient under a general anesthetic would fall under this fourth plank. It certainly is a flagrant disregard of acceptable medical practice which would be, you don't go to your bank in the middle of an operation to make a deposit when the patient is under a general anesthetic.  I firmly believe a variant of this type could lead to a compromise in the proposal in the Senate. Why didn't I go ahead with it? Much to my chagrin and, I think, surprise, both the American Medical Association and the California Medical Association rejected this proposal. The AMA contends that despite the fact 15 States have caps of $500,000 or less, they believe that a $500,000 cap is too high and it would not stabilize premiums.  The California Medical Association is opposed to it for a different reason. Although we leave State law in place, whether that State law is retroactively passed or prospectively passed, the CMA felt the State legislature might--I say ``might''--change the $250,000 cap to $500,000. So both of these associations have rejected that proposal which meant I wouldn't have a chance to get the necessary votes on either my side of the aisle or pick up a few votes on the other side of the aisle.  They refused to move from a cap of $250,000 for noneconomic damages in even catastrophic cases. To me this is wrong because a $250,000 cap in 1975, when the California law set this cap, adjusted for inflation was worth $839,000 in 2002. So last year a $250,000 cap, passed in 1975, would be worth $839,000, if passed today. If a figure of $250,000 was adequate in 1975, why couldn't a figure of $500,000, which is lower than the 1975 cap adjusted for inflation, be acceptable this year?  Now if a victim receives $250,000 today, this is equal to $40,000 in 1975. So when California led the Nation by passing the Medical Injury Compensation Reform Act and setting a cap for noneconomic damages of $250,000 in 1975, everybody should know that that is worth $40,000 today. In my book, that is unacceptable.  There are many specific instances of why it is unacceptable. Let me share one case. That is Linda McDougal. She is 46. She is a Navy veteran. She is an accountant, a mother. She was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer and underwent a double mastectomy. Two days later she was told that a mistake was made. She didn't have cancer and the amputation of both her breasts was not necessary.  A pathologist had mistakenly switched her test results with another woman who had cancer. Is this Congress willing to say there should be a cap of $250,000 on noneconomic damages for this kind of mistake? I think not.  A cap on noneconomic damages must take into account severe morbidity produced by a physician's mistake, such as amputating the wrong limb or transfusing a patient with the wrong type of blood.  Unfortunately, because of the opposition of both the American Medical Association and the California Medical Association, I am not proposing an amendment at this time. My purpose was to help physicians and patients, and I deeply believe that a $500,000 noneconomic damage cap, coupled with the catastrophic exception I outlined, would accomplish this, would accomplish it fairly, and would stabilize premiums over the long term.  I also suggest that State laws, where they exist, should prevail. So the California MICRA law, or any other State law, would prevail regardless of whether that State law was already enacted or retroactive.  So, bottom line, I could not get 60 votes for this proposal with the opposition of physicians. So the result may well be an alternative because I don't believe the House bill can pass in the Senate in its present form.  Let me say this. I have given this bill a great deal of thought. I really mean what I say--that I am prepared to support a reform bill. I am prepared to support a cap on noneconomic damages. But it has to be a cap that is realistic in view of today's time. It cannot be a cap that was passed 28 years ago that has an actual value of $40,000 today. So I am hopeful there will be another time and another place when a bill such as the one I have tried to outline might be found to be acceptable. In the interim, I will vote against S. 11. But, again, I stand ready to participate in a solution along the lines I have mentioned.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  