 President, I rise today in support of the amendment offered by Senators Murray and Snowe to the Department of Defense reauthorization bill to repeal the ban on privately funded abortions sought by U.S. servicewomen, spouses, and dependents in military hospitals overseas.  The Supreme Court acknowledges a woman's right to choose as a constitutionally protected freedom. That right is not suspended simply because a woman serves in the U.S. military or is married to a U.S. service member and living overseas.  Women based in the United States and using a U.S.-based military facility are not prohibited from using their own funds to pay for an abortion. Having a prohibition on the use of U.S. military facilities overseas creates a double standard, and discriminates against women service members stationed overseas.  Banning privately funded abortions on military bases endangers a woman's health. Service members and their dependents rely on their military base hospitals for medical care. Private facilities may not be readily available in other countries.  For example, abortion is illegal in the Philippines. A woman stationed in that country or the spouse of a service member would need to fly to the U.S. or to another country--at her own expense--to obtain an abortion. We don't pay our service members enough to assume they can simply jet off to Switzerland for medical treatment.  If women do not have access to military facilities or to private facilities in the country they are stationed, they could endanger their own health by the delay involved in getting to a facility or by being forced to seek an abortion by someone other than a licensed physician.  We know from personal experience in this country that when abortion is illegal, desperate women are often forced into unsafe and life-threatening situations. If it were your wife, or your daughter, would you want her in the hands of an untrained abortionist on the back streets of Manila or Argentina? Or would you prefer that she have access to medical treatment by a trained physician in a U.S. military facility?  Not only would these women be risking their health and lives under normal conditions, but what if these women are facing complicated or life-threatening pregnancies and are unaware of the seriousness of their condition?  The ban on privately funded abortions on military bases overseas affects more than 100,000 active service members, spouses, and dependents of military personnel.  One such woman this ban impacts is Holly Webb.  Holly Webb is the wife of a staff sergeant in the Air Force stationed in Misawa, Japan. She tells the following story of her struggle to find adequate reproductive health care overseas:       My husband was stationed in Misawa Japan, and I moved over      in September 2001 to join him. I was pregnant for the first      time. Prior to my arrival in Japan, I felt like something was      wrong with my pregnancy and at 6 weeks I went to the      emergency room at the Eglin Air Force Base in Florida where      we had been stationed.       My doctor there told me that everything seemed OK from what      they could tell. At 16 weeks I was in Japan with my      husband and I started bleeding. I would bleed weekly for 5      days and then the bleeding would subside. I went to the      military hospital at Misawa and they told me I had      placenta previa and that this was a normal side effect and      they sent me home.       At 20 weeks, I started bleeding heavily and went back to      the hospital. I thought that my water had broken but the      hospital told me that it was not an emergency and kept me      overnight. My ob/gyn did not visit me until the next morning.      They told me that the results of my triple screen blood test      showed possible spina bifida which necessitated an      ultrasound. When they did the ultrasound they discovered, as      I had thought, that there was no amniotic fluid surrounding      the fetus.       They were unable to detect whether or not the fetus had      spina bifida. For the next day I was administered IV fluids      and my doctor mentioned that I might be dehydrated. My cervix      remained closed, however, and they told me that there was      still a fetal heartbeat. I was told that I might deliver      spontaneously within weeks or months, but that if the baby      survived, it would have serious health complications due to      the fact that I was at risk for infection as well as because      there was no amniotic fluid surrounding the baby.       When I asked the hospital what my options were they told me      that they could not induce labor or dilate my cervix to      deliver because it would be considered an abortion but that I      was at risk for infection. My doctor told me that in order to      have an abortion, they would have to have my situation      reviewed by a medical board and that she didn't know how long      this would take.       She told me that during her 7 or 8 years of practice in a      military hospital, no matter what the situation was, a      woman's request for an abortion was always denied.       My doctor told me that the only way I could receive      additional medical treatment was if I became ill. I was told      to go home and monitor my temperature and to return when I      had a fever or was in pain. I asked if there was any other      option because I was worried about dying.       At that point, I felt like my choices were either to go      home and wait for a life-threatening infection so that my      labor could be induced, or to go to an outside hospital,      where I didn't speak the language and could not be sure that      the treatment would be safe.       When I got to the private Japanese hospital, the doctor      told me that there was serious risk for infection, and that      he needed to put me on antibiotics immediately and that if I      did not get antibiotics through IV immediately I would very      likely die. I contacted my grandmother in the U.S. who wired      me $2,000 to pay for the hospital visit.       I checked into the hospital about 4 hours later. They      dilated my cervix over a period of 2\1/2\ days, then induced      labor. I delivered a stillborn baby. The military hospital      told me that this was an elected abortion and not a stillborn      birth.       I am now 17 weeks pregnant again and my only option is to      use the military hospital for my ob/gyn treatment. I have      begged them to let me off the base to go to a private doctor      because of my experience last year. I believe that if my      pregnancy puts my health at risk, I would again be prevented      from making the decisions I need to about my pregnancy.  I hope that we have learned something from Mrs. Webb's story. No woman should have to go through the obstacles Mrs. Webb faced. If Mrs. Webb had been living in the U.S. she would have had a choice. She could have gotten an abortion and avoided the emotional trauma associated with giving birth to a stillborn, and not had to put her own life at risk.  Current law does not force any military physician to perform an abortion against his or her will. All branches have a conscience clause that permits medical personnel to choose not to perform the procedure. A doctor can simply say, ``I won't perform such a procedure.'' And then that woman must just find another doctor.  What we are talking about today is providing equal access to military medical facilities, wherever they are located, for a legal procedure paid for with one's own money.  Abortion is legal for American women. These women would pay for the service with their own funds. This amendment does not involve the use of federal funding.  We ask these service members to risk their lives in the service of their country but we are not willing to grant them access to the same services they would receive if they were stationed in the U.S. This is especially troubling since September 11 since more Americans have decided to serve their country.  Service members and their dependents must have access to safe, legal, and comprehensive reproductive health care.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and ask unanimous consent that my statement appear in the Record.  