 The Senator mentioned my support of a renewable portfolio standard. Indeed, I do support a renewable portfolio standard. But the renewable portfolio standard is essentially a percentage requirement that a State would use of renewable fuels,such as wind, solar, biomass, et cetera. And California has elected to provide that 10 percent of its portfolio should be in wind, solar, biomass, et cetera. I have supported that requirement in this amendment as well, and California is able to do it, and has been doing it. I think that is an extraordinarily positive thing.  I have great concerns about ethanol because I do not think all of the science has been completed on ethanol. We know ethanol produces a benzene plume which can break away in the ground if the fuel leaks from an underground--the minority leader is smiling, but I wonder if this same discussion took place when MTBE was introduced and people thought it was going to be just fine. It has polluted about 20,000 wells in California and has shown to have a significant hazard.  Now, I think to dismiss this as being wonderful for the environment is not quite correct because we know it reduces some components, but we also know it increases other components in the air that produce smog and ozone. And California has two of the most difficult nonattainment regions in the United States, one of them being the Los Angeles area, the other being the Fresno area. I don't know whether this requirement will, in fact, result in California's two difficult areas increasing in smog, but I do think that providing flexibility to a manufacturer to be able to produce reformulated fuels that meet the requirements is important.  The other thing that is of concern to me, since we are on this, is the safe harbor provision. I know my colleague from California, Senator Barbara Boxer, is going to offer an amendment that would remove the safe harbor. The American Petroleum Association, as they have indicated to me, agreed to support this largely because they were protected from any liability.  My understanding is, there is a provision in the amendment offered by the two leaders that would shield ethanol producers and refiners from any liability if the fuel additive harms the environment or public health. Candidly, I find this safe harbor provision astonishing. Ethanol is subsidized by the Government, protected from foreign competition by high trade barriers, and now, on top of mandating its use, we are going to exempt the fuel additive from liability in this amendment. This is unconscionable, and I think it is egregious public policy to mandate ethanol into our fuel supply in the first place and, even worse, to provide it with a complete liability protection before scientific and health experts can fully investigate the impact of tripling ethanol in the air we breathe and the water we drink.  As I said, this is exactly the mistake we made with MTBE. Over the past several years, we have learned that MTBE has contaminated our water and may, in fact, be a human carcinogen.  Last fall, a California jury found that there was clear and convincing evidence that three major oil companies acted with malice by polluting ground water at Lake Tahoe with MTBE because the gasoline they sold was defective in design and there was failure to warn of its pollution hazard.  After a 5-month trial, Shell Oil and Lyondell Chemical Company were found guilty of withholding information on the dangers of MTBE. The firms settled with the South Lake Tahoe Water District for $69 million. This case demonstrates why we cannot surrender the rights of citizens to hold polluters accountable for the harm they inflict. Yet this amendment has a safe harbor provision, and if I should be right, and if there should be--and I hope there are not--undue environmental or health consequences from this mandate, consumers cannot use their right to go to court to find justice.  So I do not know how those who favor this legislation can exempt the ethanol industry from this kind of wrongdoing. It is not as if the industry has not had some wrongdoing in the past. So I urge everyone--I know my colleague is going to move this amendment that would remove the safe harbor provision, and I certainly intend to support her in doing so.  I still--although many other things have been proposed or said by the distinguished Democratic leader--I do not understand why he would have opposition to my amendment, why he would say that if the State can prove we can produce gasoline without a 2-percent requirement or without this ethanol mandate that meets clean air standards, we cannot get a waiver. That is all we are asking for, that opportunity to make a showing that that is the case. Yet the Democratic leader has produced a lot of other things but has not answered why there should not--if you are going to have an economic waiver and an environmental waiver--why you cannot have a waiver if a State can show that it does not need ethanol to maintain clean air standards.  So I think it is an eminently fair amendment, and I just have a hard time understanding why we would be so anxious to pass this kind of public policy that mandates on States a use when most people, I think, have derided and derogated mandates from the Federal Government.  I would like to make one more point. The last time I looked--and this may have changed--but California is almost up to 100 percent of its refining capacity. My understanding is, if you put ethanol in--probably not in the early years, but in the outyears--to the extent required, we will not have the refining capacity available to maintain this mandate with adequate gasoline.  California is predicted to have 50 million people by 2020. They drive. They use gasoline. And I very much worry that refining capacity, which is about 98 percent at the present time because MTBE minimizes gasoline and ethanol requires added gasoline per gallon, that we really won't have the refining capacity. And that will create another problem for California.  I am hopeful the Democratic leader would see his way clear to allowing California and other States that wish to try to submit a case to the EPA, to say we can refine gasoline to meet clean air standards with flexibility and without this mandate, the opportunity to do so.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  