 I am very proud to join with him.  Madam President, in 1996, Senator William Cohen and I introduced a sanctions bill on Bumra. It passed in 1996, and was signed by the President. In 1997, the sanctions were exercised.  We had a brief period of hope during that time, and the ASEAN nations were going to be helpful. It looked like the military junta was going to be receptive. Then, recently, for a brief period, Aung San Suu Kyi, the democratic leader of Burma, was released, and discussions took place. Well, that was short lived and this diabolical attack took place on Aung San Suu Kyi.  According to reports, her motorcade was met by 100 to 200 people at a bridge near Mandalay in northern Burma. Most of these people were disguised as monks. Another 400 people--convicts and other militia recruits who were also disguised as monks--blocked the convoy from the rear. Both groups then discarded their costumes and attacked the entourage with bamboo sticks and wooden clubs, smashing vehicles and beating up their targets. Officially, four people were killed and 50 injured. Witnesses contend that as many as 70 may have been killed and many more injured.  This is outrageous. The level of coordination, the deception, and the brutality of the crimes cannot go unanswered. They really demand a forceful and a substantive response that makes clear the United States will not deal with this junta and will not tolerate such blatant disregard for common human decency.  This legislation sends a message. It says: We will not import their products. And those Burmese exports to the United States are about 25 percent of what Burma exports. So it is a considerable message. It has to be remembered, Aung San Suu Kyi is the democratic leader of Burma. She has never been permitted to serve. Her people have been arrested. Members of the Parliament have been arrested and held in custody. Over 1,300 political prisoners are still in jail, many of them elected parliamentarians. The practice of rape as a form of repression has been sanctioned by the Burmese military. The use of forced labor is widespread. Trafficking in young boys and girls as sex slaves is rampant, and the government engages in the production and distribution of opium and methamphetamine. So the United States must act. Now, in general, I do not support trade embargoes as an effective instrument of foreign policy. However, there are certain circumstances--South Africa was one of them, largely because of the world response, and the world saying enough is enough--where there must be change, and where we are prepared to carry out these sanctions together to effect that change. I hope in this sense the United States will lead the way to enact these sanctions in a meaningful way in which other nations will follow.  Our legislation imposes a complete ban on all imports until the President determines and certifies to Congress that Burma has made substantial and measurable progress on a number of democracy and human rights issues.  As Senator McConnell will indicate, there is a provision in the legislation, similar to the most favored nation status for China, that will allow an annual review of this to assess progress. It allows the President to waive the ban should he determine and notify Congress that it is in the national security interest of the United States to do this. It would freeze the assets of the Burmese regime in the United States. It directs United States executive directors at international financial institutions to vote against loans to Burma. It expands the visa ban against past and present leadership of the junta, and it encourages the Secretary of State to highlight the abysmal record of the junta in the international community.  Now, Senator McConnell mentioned that both business and labor are united in support of this legislation. He said the American Apparel and Footware Association, which represents apparel, footware, and sewn products companies and their suppliers, has called for this ban. The president and CEO has stated--and I think this is worth being in the Record--``The government of Burma continues to abuse its citizens through force and intimidation, and refuses to respect the basic human rights of its people. AAFA believes this unacceptable behavior should be met with condemnation from not only the international public community, but from private industry as well.''  So well said.  A number of stores, including Saks, Macy's, Bloomingdales, Ames, and The Gap have already voluntarily stopped importing or selling goods from Burma. The AFL-CIO and other labor groups also support this legislation.  In addition, the International Labor Organization, for the first time in its history, called on all ILO members to impose sanctions on Burma.  Such diversity in support of this legislation speaks volumes about the brutality of this military junta and its single-minded unwillingness to take even a modest step toward democracy and national reconciliation.  And to add to it, Aung San Suu Kyi, the democratic leader, is once again being held in custody. This is unacceptable.  The military junta knows full well they do not enjoy the popular support of the Burmese people. That is why they resort to such actions.  As Aung San Suu Kyi traveled the country, and thousands turned out to hear her speak, the junta realized that after years of house arrest and repression, they had failed to curb the power of her message of democracy, of human rights, and the rule of law. They realized that the Burmese people were determined to see the democratic elections of 1990 fully implemented without delay. So in a cowardly and despicable manner they took this action.  Now we must take action. We must take a stand on the side of the people of Burma and on the side of the values we cherish the most.  I urge support and I hope it will be unanimous.  Thank you very much, Madam President. I yield the floor.  