 Mr. President, I also thank the Senator from Washington. I think she is doing a great service to the women of our country in pointing out what the problem is here.  I was sitting in my office doing work, and I heard the statement that this is abortion on demand. I thought it might be useful for me to read into the Record one letter I received last year from a woman on this very subject that indicates the difficulty of the circumstances women can find themselves in while living overseas.  I am about to read the story of Holly Webb. Holly is the wife of a staff sergeant in the Air Force stationed in Misawa, Japan. I would like you to hear her story:       My husband was stationed in Misawa, Japan, and I moved over      in September 2001 to join him. I was pregnant for the first      time. Prior to my arrival in Japan, I felt like something was      wrong with my pregnancy, and at 6 weeks I went to the      emergency room at the Eglin Air Force Base in Florida where      we had been stationed.       My doctor there told me that everything seemed OK from what      they could tell. At 16 weeks, I was in Japan with my husband,      and I started bleeding. I would bleed weekly for 5 days and      then the bleeding would subside. I went to the military      hospital at Misawa and they told me I had a placenta previa      and that this was a normal side effect and they sent me home.  Just so everybody knows, placenta previa is a serious problem some women confront which can impact their pregnancy. It can cause severe problems for the woman including hemorrhaging both during delivery and post-partum.  Continuing the letter:       At 20 weeks, I started bleeding heavily, and I went back to      the hospital. I thought that my water had broken but the      hospital told me it was not an emergency and kept me      overnight. My OB/GYN did not visit me until the next morning.      They told me that the results of my triple screen blood test      showed possible spina bifida which necessitated an      ultrasound. When they did the ultrasound, they discovered, as      I had thought, that there was no amniotic fluid surrounding      the fetus. They were unable to detect whether or not the      fetus had spina bifida.       For the next day, I was administered IV fluids, and my      doctor mentioned that I might be dehydrated. My cervix      remained closed, however, and they told me there was still a      fetal heartbeat. I was told I might deliver spontaneously      within weeks or months, but if the baby survived, it would      have serious health complications due to the fact I was at      risk for infection as well and because there was no amniotic      fluid surrounding the baby.       When I asked the hospital what my options were, they told      me they could not induce labor or dilate my cervix to deliver      because it would be considered an abortion, but that I was at      risk for infection. My doctor told me that in order to have      an abortion, they would have to have my situation reviewed by      a medical board and that she didn't know how long this would      take. She told me that during her 7 or 8 years of practice in      a military hospital, no matter what the situation was, a      woman's request for an abortion was always denied.       My doctor told me the only way I could receive additional      medical treatment was if I became ill. I was told to go home      and monitor my temperature and to return when I had a      fever or was in pain. I asked if there was any other      option because I was worried about dying.       At that point, I felt like my choices were either to go      home and wait for a life-threatening infection so that my      labor could be induced or go to an outside hospital where I      didn't speak the language and could not be sure that the      treatment would be safe.       When I got to the private Japanese hospital, the doctor      told me there was a serious risk for infection and that he      needed to put me on antibiotics immediately. If I didn't get      antibiotics through IV immediately, I would die. I contacted      my grandmother in the United States who wired me $2,000 to      pay for the hospital visit.       I checked into the hospital about 4 hours later. They      dilated my cervix over a period of 2\1/2\ days and induced      labor. I delivered a stillborn baby. The military hospital      told me that this was an elected abortion and not a stillborn      birth.       I am now 17 weeks pregnant again, and my only option is to      use the military hospital     for my OB/GYN treatment. I have begged them to let me off the      base to go to a private doctor because of my experience last      year. I believe that my pregnancy puts my health at risk. I      would again be prevented from making decisions I need to      about my pregnancy.  