 President, I very much respect the Senator from Ohio. He has been both a distinguished mayor and a distinguished Governor of his State. I hate to disagree with him, but in this case I find the ethanol mandate in this bill to be egregious, to be wrongheaded, to be just terrible public policy. I will go through my concerns about this mandate point by point, and then I will end by offering a second-degree amendment.  My first concern is this: Only 2.1 billion gallons of ethanol were produced in 2002. The ethanol mandate before us requires 5 billion gallons by 2012.  This fuel additive is not necessary to make clean-burning gasoline. Yet it is mandated into our fuel supply. Under the credit trading provisions of the ethanol mandate, States are going to be forced to pay for ethanol whether they use it or not. Let me repeat that. Under the credit trading provisions in this bill, States are going to be forced to pay for it, whether they use it or not.  Secondly, this is going to drive up the price of gasoline. It can only do so. The Council of Economic Advisers and the Federal Trade Commission have advised President Bush that the ethanol mandate is:       Costly to both consumers and the Government and will      provide little environmental benefit.  So this provision will force up prices. California's costs are already high. I just paid $50 for a tank of gasoline when I was home in California. Wait until this bill goes into operation.  Ninety-nine percent of all ethanol production is based in the Midwest. States outside the Corn Belt have severe infrastructure and ethanol supply problems. This, too, means higher gas prices.  Finally, we have a dangerously high market concentration in this bill. The ethanol industry today is highly concentrated, with the largest supplier, Archer Daniels Midland, controlling 46 percent of the market, and the top seven firms controlling 71 percent of the market. That is according to the GAO.  ADM admitted to price fixing in 1996. Its executives went to jail. Last year, ADM purchased its largest competitor, Minnesota Corn Processers, which controlled 5 percent of the ethanol market. I believe we are taking a great risk by allowing one firm to control such a large percentage of the ethanol market, and this shows it: 46 percent, ADM; Williams Bio-Energy, 6 percent; Cargill, 5 percent; High Plains Corporation, 4 percent; New Energy Corporation, 4 percent; Midwest Grain, 3 percent; Chief Ethanol, 3 percent. These are the top seven ethanol producers in the United States.  So you have a huge market concentration by a company that pled guilty to price fixing. It makes me, a Californian, very uneasy about what the future may bring under current law.  Gasoline is taxed by the Federal Government at 18.4 cents per gallon. Yet gasoline blended with ethanol is only taxed at 13.1 cents per gallon. The other 5.3 cents per gallon is credited to ethanol producers instead of funding the highway trust fund. According to the Congressional Research Service, over the past 20 years, this ethanol subsidy has cost the highway trust fund over $11 billion in foregone income.  Under the proposal in the Energy Tax Bill, these ethanol subsidies will be paid not from the highway trust fund, as was before us last year, but from the general fund, at the expense of taxpayers. So instead of spending money for education or Cops on the Beat, or parks, we are funding ethanol with billions in subsidies. It makes no sense to me.  The Congressional Research Service has indicated that the ethanol mandate will cost approximately $7 billion. This means $7 billion is diverted away from either the highway trust fund or the general fund, which means either we will have fewer jobs and roads or taxpayers will have to pick up the tab.  As I said, this future $7 billion loss is on top of the $11 billion in gas tax revenue that has already been lost by giving ethanol a partial exemption from the fuel tax.  My sixth reason is that ethanol has mixed environmental and health results. Evidence suggests that ethanol reduces carbon monoxide air pollution. However, evidence also suggests that mandating more ethanol will produce more smog in the summer months because ethanol produces nitrogen oxide (NOX) emissions. Studies also show ethanol accelerates the ability of toxic gasoline additives, such as benzene, to break apart and seep into the ground water. Recently, the EPA disclosed that ethanol plants are emitting many more dangerous toxins than previously thought. I do not believe we should mandate so much use of something we know so little about.  One other thing on the benzene plumes, once they break away, they actually spread faster in water and soil than MTBE plumes. We know benzene is carcinogenic.  My seventh reason is that there is unprecedented liability protection. A safe harbor provision in the ethanol mandate will prevent legal redress if ethanol and other fuel additives harm the environment or public health. Howwill communities afford cleanup costs if there is liability protection for ethanol? I find this really egregious.  This reduces carbon monoxide but it increases nitrous oxide. The benzene plumes will break away. They spread more rapidly than MTBE. They can pollute our ground water but there is no remedy. There is no liability. They are liability-free. One of the reasons you now have the large oil companies going along with this bill is because they have liability protection.  So we are mandating something we do not know all of the results of in huge amounts, that are unnecessary in the first place, that may have adverse consequences, and then we are saying to the consumer, sorry, the damage is your problem, you cannot even go to court to get redress in the form of damages. What a sweetheart bill. My goodness, people should be embarrassed.  Ethanol already has a high tariff to keep imports out. If there is an ethanol shortage in the United States, States will not be able to import ethanol from countries abroad because of a high 54-cent-per-gallon tariff on foreign ethanol. So what are they doing? They already have a high tariff on foreign ethanol. Now we are mandating 5 billion gallons? That is egregious. It is wrong public policy.  My ninth reason is an ethanol mandate will strain the fuel supply. Using ethanol will constrict the overall gasoline supply because mixing MTBE with gasoline produces more fuel than mixing gasoline with ethanol. Consequently, in a State such as California where you have no extra refinery availability, you have to produce more than you did with MTBE because of the properties of ethanol which take more gasoline. That is going to be a real problem and that, too, will force up prices.  Tenth, ethanol is not a renewable fuel. According to many scientists and experts, including Cornell Professor David Pimentel, it takes more energy to make ethanol than we save by using it. So we can hardly call ethanol a renewable fuel.  Eleven, the ethanol mandate will largely benefit producers, not farmers. Ethanol subsidies pay more money to ethanol producers like ADM than farmers.  Twelve, the bottom line, this is a very bad deal. The ethanol mandate reflects a deal worked out behind closed doors, between ethanol lobbyists and oil interests that is going to harm consumers. Mandating 5 billion gallons by 2012 is terrible public policy. Since there are high costs for States like California to comply with any mandated Federal fuel requirement, these costs will only be passed on to drivers at the pump.  The ethanol mandate, as I have said, will drive up the price of gasoline. Instead of imposing a new mandate on our fuel supply, we should be lifting the one that already exists.  On July 29, 1999, the nonpartisan broad-based U.S. EPA blue ribbon panel on oxygenates and gasoline recommended that the 2 percent oxygenate requirement be removed in order to provide flexibility to blend adequate fuel supplies in a cost-effective manner while quickly reducing usage of MTBE and maintaining air quality benefits.  It is long past the time for Congress to act on that. Instead of mandating ethanol into our fuel supply, we should be lifting all mandates or at least allow States a choice. We need to provide flexibility to refiners to allow them to optimize how and what they blend instead of forcing them to blend gasoline with MTBE or ethanol.  California has long sought a waiver of the 2 percent oxygenate requirement. I have written and called former EPA Administrator Browner and the current Administrator, Christine Todd Whitman, both former President Clinton and President Bush, urging approval of the waiver for the State. Yet both the Clinton administration and the Bush administration have denied California's request. I know during the Clinton years an affirmative finding came from EPA to the White House. I also know that Members of both parties went to the White House to stop it from happening. I believe EPA would have no objection.  In the campaign, when I heard both Al Gore and George Bush say: We are for ethanol--I thought, oh boy, here it comes. And here it is today.  MTBE, methyl tertiary butyl ether, has been the oxygenate of choice by main refiners in their effort to comply with the Clean Air Act's reformulated gasoline requirements. Governor Davis of California has ordered a phaseout of MTBE in our State by the end of this year while the Federal law requiring 2 percent oxygenate remains, putting our State in an untenable position. This is because the most likely substitute for MTBE to meet the 2 percent requirement is ethanol, but it is tremendously costly to blend ethanol from the Midwest into the specially formulated California gasoline.  Without eliminating these mandates, we can expect disruptions and price spikes during the peak driving months of this summer on top of the high prices motorists are already paying. Just remember, you heard it here.  California has developed a gasoline formula that provides flexibility and provides clean air. Refiners use an approach called the predictive model which guarantees clean-burning RFG gas with oxygenates, with less than 2 percent oxygenates and with no oxygenates.  As Red Cavaney, president of the American Petroleum Institute, said in March before the Energy Committee:       Refiners have been saying for years that they can produce      gasoline meeting clean-burning fuels and federal reformulated      gasoline requirements without the use of oxygenates. . . . In      addition, reformulated blendstocks--the base into which      oxygenates are added--typically meet RFG requirements before      oxygenates are added.  So they are not necessary. These facts demonstrate oxygenates are not necessary.  I believe it is egregious to require this Nation to use more ethanol than we need in our fuel supply. Mandating 5 billion gallons into our fuel supply is terrible public policy. This amounts to a wealth transfer of billions of dollars from every State in the Nation to a handful of ethanol producers. It is families and businesses who will pay the higher costs that result from increased gas prices.  This sweeping policy will have long-term repercussions in our environment, on our health, our fuel supply, and the price of gasoline. Since ethanol production is subsidized by the Government with a credit from the Federal motor fuels tax, $1 for ethanol firms like ADM means $1 less to improve our Nation's roads and bridges.  The Congressional Research Service has indicated the ethanol mandate in this energy bill will divert $7 billion away from the highway trust fund. If the energy tax bill is passed into law, this money will no longer come from the highway trust fund. It will come from the general fund. As I said, it will be paid for by taxpayers.  This future $7 billion payout is on top of the $11 billion in gas tax revenue that has already been lost by giving ethanol a partial exemption from the fuel tax. Ethanol is a subsidized product. It is protected from foreign competition by high trade barriers. And now we are going to mandate a market for it. This is unconscionable. Forcing States to use ethanol we do not need, and forcing States to pay for ethanol we do not use amounts to a transfer of wealth from all States to Midwest corn States.  Under the credit trading provisions in this bill, if we do not use ethanol, we still have to pay for it.  Proponents of the ethanol mandate argue that gas price increases will be minimal, but the projections do not take into consideration the real-world infrastructure constraints and concentration in the market that can lead to price spikes. I believe everyone outside of the Midwest will have to grapple with how to bring ethanol to their States since the Midwest controls 99 percent of the production.  California has done more analysis than any other State on what it will take to get ethanol to the State. The bottom line is that it cannot happen without raising gasoline prices.  I am particularly concerned, as I pointed out, about the limited number of suppliers in the ethanol market. This leaves consumers vulnerable to price spikes as it did when electricity and natural gas prices soared in the West because a few out-of-State generating firms dominated the market. If we have learned anything from the recent western energy crisis, it is that when there is not ample supply and adequate competition in the market, prices soar and consumers pay.  I also mention that Archer Daniels Midland is the dominant producer in the highly concentrated ethanol market. It has purchased its largest competitor. It controls 46 percent of the market, and that is only what is now produced. The company has an even greater control over how ethanol is distributed and marketed.  I am also concerned about the long-term effects of mandating such a large amount of ethanol in our gasoline supply.  I mentioned the health effects about which we do not know much. I mentioned the environmental effects.  The scientific evidence is mixed. I believe it is bad public policy to mandate this amount before scientific and health experts can fully investigate the impact of ethanol on the air we breathe and the water we drink.  We made this mistake with MTBE and now we have learned that MTBE may well be a human carcinogen.  Ethanol is often made out to be an ideal renewable fuel, giving off fewer emissions. Yet, on balance, ethanol can be a cause of more air pollution because it produces smog in the summer months. Smog is a powerful respiratory irritant that affects large segments of the population, and it has an especially pernicious effect on the elderly, on children, and individuals with existing respiratory problems, as I mentioned, such as asthma.  Earlier this month, the American Lung Association named California the smoggiest State, by listing nine counties and six metropolitan areas as having the worst conditions. A 1999 report from the National Academy of Sciences found:       The use of commonly available oxygenates [like ethanol] in      reformulated gasoline has little impact on improving ozone      air quality and has some disadvantages. Moreover, some data      suggest that oxygenates can lead to higher Nitrogen Oxide      emissions.  Nitrogen oxides, as we have said, cause smog.  The American Lung Association report also noted that half of Americans are living in counties with unhealthy smog levels. Why would we want to take the chance of increasing these unhealthy smog levels by mandating billions of unnecessary gallons of ethanol into our fuel supply?  Ethanol can be both good and bad for air quality. To me, it would make sense to maximize the advantages of ethanol while minimizing the disadvantages. This is exactly why States should have flexibility to decide what goes into their gasoline in order to meet clean air standards. All we should care about is if the clean air standards are met. Let the States have the flexibility. If we are mandating, why exempt manufacturers and refiners from their legal responsibility to provide a safe product?  Evidence also suggests that ethanol accelerates the ability of toxins found in gasoline to seep into our ground water supplies. The EPA Blue Ribbon Panel on Oxygenates found ethanol:       . . . may retard biodegradation and increase movement of      benzene and other hydrocarbons around leaking tanks.  According to a report by the State of California entitled ``Health and Environmental Assessment of the Use of Ethanol as a Fuel Oxygenate,'' there are valid questions about the impact of ethanol on ground and surface water. An analysis in the report found that there will be a 20-percent increase in public drinking water wells contaminated with benzene if a significant amount of ethanol is used. Benzene is a known human carcinogen, and we are giving them liability protection.  At a hearing held on the House side last year, Professor Gordon Rausser of UC Berkeley commented on the potential harm of ethanol in the ground water. Professor Rausser testified:       When gasoline that contains ethanol is released into ground      water, the resulting benzene plumes can be longer and more      persistent than plumes resulting from releases of      conventional gasoline. Research suggests that the presence      of ethanol in gasoline will delay the degradation of      benzene and will lengthen the benzene plumes by between 25      percent and 100 percent.  This evidence on the potential harm of ethanol is extraordinarily troubling.  For these reasons, I cannot support the amendment offered by the majority leader. I would like to offer a second-degree amendment that would require the Governor of a State to opt into the ethanol mandate. If the ethanol mandate is such a great mandate, then Governors should want to include their States in it. Why are we forcing them to do it? Everybody who comes down here for ethanol says it is the best thing since sliced bread. If it is so good, let that case be made to the Governors of States and let them opt into the program.  The Senators from Alaska and Hawaii have worked it out so that their States are exempted from this mandate. I believe each and every State should have this choice, so I am sending an amendment to the desk at this time that would do the same thing that Alaska and Hawaii have achieved. The Governor is able to opt into the mandate. If this is so wonderful, Governors will opt in. If it is not, Governors will not.  I yield the floor.  