 When I became a Member of this body, I ran as an independent voice, and I want to be that way. I want to work with both sides, and I have tried to do that. I think we are at a point, though, where some action has to be taken to restore the consideration that has usually been offered to members of this committee, that when they have a problem, a little more time is provided.  I believe very strongly--I have never used my blue slip. I have said I would never use my blue slip prior to a hearing; that I believe everybody is entitled to a hearing, and then we should vote the individual up or down, and that is my view. I do not push my view on anybody else, but that is how I decided I was going to handle my spot on this committee. But if the minority gets rolled, we go into a defensive posture and everybody is compelled then to unify and hold together. I think my colleagues see a lot of this in this filibuster.  I am hopeful in the future there can be a precise time when an official notice is sent out prior to the hearing being scheduled, so that every member of this committee has an opportunity to do their due diligence.  It is interesting to note that the votes in the committee--and I have them. On Mrs. Cook, there were 12 yeas, two nays and five present. The present, or pass, votes submitted by the ranking member, myself, Senators Feingold, Durbin and Schumer, were really, I think, on this point, that we did not have an ample opportunity to do our due diligence and to ask the questions we needed to ask.  On Mr. Roberts, there were 13 yeas, two nays and two present, Senator Leahy and Senator Feingold, which probably came from the same venue. In other words, they did not feel they had sufficient information to vote.  So I am hopeful that in the future we would be able to settle some of these issues in the committee and just bend over backwards. I remember the day when if a Member had a problem with a judge who had been recommended to the President by a specific Senator, that Member picked up the phone and called that Senator and said: I just want you to know, I have these concerns, and there was this kind of convivial relationship. That is all but gone now.  So the process is extraordinarily formal now, and the formality is carried out, for the most part, in the public hearing. So having notice to that public hearing becomes really all important.  I have pretty much summed up my position and my hope on this. I see the distinguished Senator from Alabama on his feet so I yield the floor.  