 President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Arizona for his personal comments. He knows I have thoroughly enjoyed working with him. It is unusual--as a matter of fact, I cannot remember in all these years when we have ever been on opposite sides of one of these questions.  Let me state to the Senator my great fear. We all forget beneath the surface this Government has tremendous power. When that power is exercised against a person in this country, alone as a visitor, has no rights, it is enormous what can happen. What my deep concern is that overzealous prosecutors will use this where they should use title III and get a criminal warrant instead of a FISA warrant because of the removal of the agent of the foreign power. We keep the connection with the basics of the FISA statute which is surveillance related to an agent of the foreign power. We keep that. That is the justification for FISA. We give the judge the ability to make that as a presumption--ergo, giving the judge some discretion not to make it, and therefore the individual seeks the warrant--an FBI agent or whoever it is--goes to title III and gets a criminal warrant.  Once you get a FISA warrant, the benefits from the law enforcement side of the FISA warrant are much greater than the title III warrant.  It is a small protection. I don't believe, in my heart of hearts--and if this were to pass and the Senator from Arizona showed me that it did in any way prevent the FISA court from exercising its discretion just as you want it to, I will change it. I would be the first one to come back.  It prevents this misuse of a prosecutor who should be getting a title III warrant, who will come to the FISA court instead because the FISA court will be a rubberstamp, and because myself, a visiting Indian, Pakistani, Muslim, Frenchman, Italian, anybody in Los Angeles who happens to have in their pocket a one-way ticket and maybe a pocket knife--a box cutter may be out of date--and somebody has a suspicion, they do not have to prove anything. And they can surveil me, they can wiretap me, they can exert all of the surveillance powers that are used under FISA. They do not know whether I am going to commit a criminal act and they have no evidence of anything else. That is what title III is for. Title III has a little heavier cause burden, but as the Senator said, there is probable cause in both.  But the benefits of the FISA warrant are superior to the benefits of the title III warrant in their duration. So you can do all this to somebody for 90 days instead of 30 days and you do not have to come back and renew the warrant once every year. That is my concern.  As I read your legislation, there is no discretion. That is the problem I have with it. This is such a slight change, it is kind of a little tweak that a judge can say, hey, now, let's wait and see what you are doing here.  If the Senator would like to respond, I am happy to yield.  