 President, I rise today to address the Millennium Challenge Account and the importance of providing full funding for foreign assistance initiatives.  I had intended to offer an amendment to the State Department authorization bill to authorize an additional $300 million to the Millennium Challenge Account, MCA, to match the President's request of $1.3 billion for fiscal year 2004.  I believe it is critical for the United States to provide full funding for the MCA at its inception to demonstrate our commitment to those in the developing world who seek a better life and our fellow citizens at home who deserve a safe and secure future free from terror.  Nevertheless, I understand Senator Lugar has worked closely with Senator Biden on a bipartisan bill and that an amendment to increase funding for the MCA is not appropriate at this time. I will not offer an amendment, but I want to take this time to emphasize the need for the United States to take a leadership role in combating global poverty and provide the necessary resources to do so.  Let us not forget that 1.2 billion people live on less than $1 a day and nearly 3 billion live on less than $2 a day; 1.2 billion people lack access to safe drinking water, 2.9 billion have inadequate access to sanitation, and 1 billion people in developing nations are unemployed or underemployed.  In March, 2002, the President announced an initiative to increase foreign aid by $5 billion over the next 3 years through the creation of the Millennium Challenge Account.  These funds would be available on a competitive basis to a few countries based on their records in three areas; ruling justly, investing in people, and pursuing sound economic policies.  Over the past few years, I and several of my colleagues have worked hard to raise awareness about the importance of a robust international affairs budget as a central component of advancing the U.S. foreign policy agenda and protecting our national security interests.  We simply can not afford to rely on our military might alone to fight terror and provide safety and security for our citizens.  The fiscal year 2004 Defense authorization bill passed by the Senate authorized $400.5 billion for national defense.  Over the past 10 years, the Defense appropriations bill has risen from $261 billion in fiscal year 1994, to $355 billion in fiscal year 2003, to $400 billion this year.  Given the multitude of threats our country faces and the commitments of our troops all around the world, I fully support giving the men and women of our Armed Forces the tools they need to do their job at the highest level.  On the other hand, in fiscal year 1994, the foreign operations appropriations bill totaled $17.9 billion falling to $16.3 billion in fiscal year 2003. This authorization provides for $15.3 billion for foreign operations for fiscal year 2004 and $1 billion for the MCA. The United States spends less than 1 percent of our budget on foreign aid which is barely 0.1 percent of GDP.  Thus, I applauded President Bush's initiative to begin to restore the foreign aid budget to the high water mark of the cold war years and increase foreign assistance spending by $5 billion over the next 3 years.  The fiscal year 2004 budget resolution passed out of the Budget Committee, however, cut $1.1 billion--including $1 billion to the MCA--from the President's request for the International Function 150 Account. So, Senator Lugar and I introduced, and the Senate passed, an amendment to restore those funds.  National security is not just about ensuring we have the most advanced weapons and the best trained personnel. We must make the same commitment to our international affairs budget and use all the tools at our disposal to prevent terror and avoid more costly military interventions in the future.  I, for one, believe that we should provide additional resources beyond the President's request; $5 billion over 3 years is a good start but, in my view, not near enough.  But I felt we should at least match what the President himself has requested for his own initiative in its first year of existence. Now is not the time to take steps backwards or shy away from larger commitment.  In addition, we should provide full funding for our existing foreign aid programs which have been proven to reduce poverty and increase economicdevelopment. Many countries will fall outside the bounds of the MCA, and we can not afford to leave them behind.  I believe the MCA and our overall international affairs budget will help us attack the conditions that foster terrorism in the developing world: poverty, hunger, illiteracy, and illness.  Terrorists prey on the hopelessness, anger, fear, and alienation of the poor and provide an easy way out of the misery of the developing world. The MCA and the international affairs budget, by providing education, health care, shelter, and food, will help promote tolerance, understanding, and political stability.  We send the wrong message when we devote billions of dollars for national defense but fail to provide the resources for a new, significant foreign assistance initiative.  We must demonstrate to the world that the United States is serious about reducing global poverty through a robust and substantive foreign aid budget. I urge my colleagues to join with me in making full funding for all of our foreign assistance initiatives a priority.  