 President, I ask my colleagues to support the second-degree amendment I offered this morning to the pending first-degree ethanol mandate that would provide authority to the Administrator of the EPA to waive the ethanol mandate if a State or a region does not need it to meet the requirements of the Clean Air Act.  In the pending first-degree ethanol mandate, there is waiver language, and that waiver language allows the Administrator of the EPA to waive the ethanol mandate if it would severely harm the economy or environment of a State, a region, or the United States.  I believe the EPA Administrator should also have the ability to waive the mandate if a State can show that it can meet the Clean Air Act standards without having to use ethanol. I think that is very important because all the refiners in my State tell me that if we allow them flexibility, they can, through the reformulated model of our gasoline, for the most part, meet Clean Air Act standards without this mandate. They may have to use some ethanol--and they are using ethanol now because there is a 2-percent oxygenate requirement--they may have to use some ethanol at certain times of the year in certain areas of the State, but they do not need to use the amount of ethanol that this legislation forces them--forces them, Mr. President--to use to meet the Clean Air Act standards.  This mandate forces California to use over 2.5 billion gallons of ethanol over 8 years that the State does not need.  On this chart, the red shows the forced use of ethanol. The blue shows the ethanol we would use in certain markets during certain seasons to meet Clean Air Act standards. As one can see, there is a huge differential between the red and the blue areas.  We use this amount shown in blue and do not use the rest of the ethanol which is shown in red which we have to pay for anyway. That is a wealth transfer, if you will. In the outer years, it most certainly is going to mean an increased price of gasoline at the pump for consumers.  All this amendment does is add to the waiver provision one other possibility for waiver, and that is, if a State can show that it does not need to use all of this extra ethanol to the EPA, the EPA can then waive the mandate. What could make better sense? Why would anyone oppose this as a matter of public policy? Why would any public policy force use and force costs on a consumer and transfer wealth to another area of the country when it is not necessary to do so? That is the crux of my argument. We do not need to use it. This chart clearly shows it.  If we look at another chart, we will see that we are forced to transport a lot of ethanol to get it out to California; that the big production of ethanol is in the Midwest in what is called PADD II. Mr. President, 2.27 billion gallons of ethanol are made in this area. The entire West makes maybe 10 million gallons of ethanol. Therefore, all of this has to be moved not by fuel line but by barge, by truck, by boat, by some other way, and increases costs. That is the reason for the waiver. If we can show that we can meet Clean Air Act standards, EPA can give those States a waiver.  I thank the Chair. I gather my time is up. I yield the floor.  