 President, I rise to address the nomination of Governor Michael Leavitt to be Administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and to speak more generally on my concerns regarding the impact of EPA policies on environmental issues in California.  I have many concerns about the Bush administration's commitment to advancing strong environmental policy. However, because I believe that it is important for a President to be able to select his own Cabinet, I do not oppose the President's nomination of Governor Leavitt to be Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. It is only in exceptional cases that I believe the Senate in its role of advice and consent should reject a nominee.  Governor Leavitt will be assuming leadership of the EPA at a critical time. The Agency stands at a crossroads in its mission. I strongly believe that the administration's environmental policies thus far have moved the EPA in the wrong direction. It will require strong leadership from Governor Leavitt to steer EPA back onto a progressive course.  Many environmental issues must be addressed in the coming 2 years on both a national and State level. I look forward to working with Governor Leavitt if confirmed as Administrator of the EPA, and I am certain that together we will be able to find innovative and efficient solutions to the environmental problems confronting California.  I would like to discuss a few of the issues.  First, I would like to begin by asking Governor Leavitt to take a definitive stance in the battle against climate change. There is strong evidence that most of the global warming that has occurred during the past 50 years is attributable to human activities.  Shamefully, the White House under the Bush administration has chosen to disregard this worldwide problem by thwarting efforts to regulate greenhouse gas emissions.  And given the overwhelming evidence of U.S. culpability regarding greenhouse gas emissions, EPA needs to take a strong stance regarding the enactment of stringent rules and regulations.  The United States must catch up to the rest of the modern world in the battle against climate change.  Voluntary programs are not sufficient. They barely work--and certainly not to the extent necessary to reduce emissions.  We must work to reduce overall greenhouse gas emissions as opposed to merely reducing emissions intensity in the manner proposed by the White House.  Even if we achieve the administration's goals of reducing emissions intensity by 18 percent, the actual amount of emissions will still likely increase.  The recent revisions to the Clean Air Act's New Source Review rules are one example of the Bush administration's disregard for air quality control. These revisions allow aging and inefficient power plants whose permits are up for renewal to continue operating in the exact same manner--environmentally speaking--that they did decades ago.  For example, a coal power plant can conduct major repairs and parts replacement, without updating the pollution control equipment.  It has been years since the problem associated with clean air and powerplants became apparent to everyone, and yet the current administration has pushed through regulations that will let the pollution continue unabated.  I look forward to the upcoming Senate debate and vote on the McCain-Lieberman climate change bill this week. In anticipation of this vote, I encourage the Agency to take a firm stance on climate change.  I want to turn now to address a very important issue for California voters: the joint State-Federal CALFED program designed to improve California's water supply, fishery resources and water quality.  I have been extremely disappointed to date at EPA's lack of involvement in CALFED. EPA can and should take a role in CALFED's water quality program.  I urge the next Administrator of EPA to work closely with California on water quality. Here are some important steps EPA could take:  The CALFED plan proposes to take action on wastewater treatment, bromide reduction at municipal water intakes and new efforts to stem contaminants from abandoned mines.  These actions will be spliced with source water protection, new health effects research on Delta water, as well as comprehensive monitoring and assessment of Delta drinking water quality.  Finally, to assure progress, public and peer review processes will monitor compliance with drinking water standards, and measure performance against consumer water rates.  If EPA partners with California on this program, the benefits could include better tasting water at lower costs, a longer life for Californians' plumbing and consumer appliances, and more reliability from recycling and groundwater storage programs.  A decade ago, there were efforts to deregulate a portion of the radioactive waste stream and allow these wastes to be either recycled into consumer products or disposed of in local municipal landfills.  This effort created such a firestorm of public concern that the Congress prohibited it in the 1992 Energy Policy Act.  Since that time, there has been no effort to try again to deregulate radioactive waste--until now.  Recently, the EPA has announced that in the next few weeks it intends to issue an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking to consider deregulating the manner of disposal of radioactive wastes.  This action would allow radioactive wastes to be sent to landfills that were neither designed nor licensed to handle such wastes.  Radioactively contaminated materials could also be recycled into consumer products, where they could end up in everything from children's braces to spoons and automobiles.  These are not theoretical risks. The Los Angeles Times has reported that the Santa Susana Field Laboratory in Ventura County, CA shipped hundreds of tons of radioactively contaminated metals from decommissioned old reactors to a metal recycler in San Pedro. That radioactively contaminated metal was then melted down and shipped out into the consumer metal supply.  It is my understanding that these Advanced Notices of Proposed Rulemaking--designed to once again try the controversial deregulation of radioactive waste--are being held until after the confirmation of the EPA Administrator has been addressed.  It is my hope that Governor Leavitt, if confirmed as the new Administrator, will take a hard look at this issue and block this misguided proposal. I know I will be keeping a close eye on the matter.  I would like to now move on to an issue of paramount importance to California.  The degraded air quality in California has reached a crisis point. It is imperative that EPA addresses the various factors contributing to air pollution in California with immediate regulatory efforts.  A bit of statistical background is necessary to understand the breadth of the air quality problems.  California has the worst air quality in the Nation. For example, Los Angeles is the only area in the country that has ``extreme non-attainment'' for air pollution standards.  Two thousand three has been the worst year for smog in southern California since 1997. The Los Angeles basin has experienced unsafe levels of ozone approximately every other day since the first of May.  Legislators and regulators from California are working together to address the sources of air pollution.  I am fighting to remove language inserted into the VA/HUD spending bill that would prohibit California from limiting the amount of pollution that can be released from small engines, those that are less than 175 horsepower, such as lawnmowers and small tractors.  The California Air Resource Board recently approved landmark regulations--which were written with significant input from the small engine industry--that would set strict pollution standards on engines of 25 horsepower or less, but these regulations would effectively be preempted if the language in the VA/HUD bill is signed into law.  These small engines release a disproportionately large amount of pollution based on their size. In California alone, these engines emit the pollution equivalent of 18.3 million cars. Appropriate regulations could cut the emissions from small engines in half.  The EPA must take another look at regulating the obscene amount of pollution that comes from small engines such as lawnmowers and leaf blowers. It is my sincere hope that upon confirmation, Governor Leavitt will direct the EPA to examine this issue further.  The EPA can also help improve California's air quality by granting California a waiver to the Federal mandate requiring States to add oxygenates such as ethanol to its gasoline.  Ethanol is a highly volatile substance. According to the California Department of Environmental Quality, ethanol actually appears to have resulted in an increase in the amount of volatile organic gases that are released into the atmosphere. These gases are implicated in increase levels of smog and ozone in our air.  Ethanol use has increased tremendously in California. In fact, 70 percent of the gasoline used in southern California and 57 percent of that in northern California is now blended with ethanol.  In fact, the conference committee on the energy bill is debating an ethanol mandate that would almost triple the amount of ethanol used in the Nation's gas supply.  California, however, can meet clean air standards without ethanol or MTBE. These oxygenates are not necessary to achieve cleaner air. It is imperative to examine the role of increased ethanol use on current higher smog levels.  Winston Hickox, Secretary of the California Environmental Protection Agency, concluded that:     . . . our current best estimate is that the increase in the      use of ethanol-blended gasoline has likely resulted in about      a one percent increase in emissions of volatile organic gases      (VOC) in the SCAQMD [South Coast Air Quality Management      District] in the summer of 2003. Given the very poor air      quality in the region and the great difficulty of reaching      the current federal ozone standard by the required attainment      date of 2010, an increase of this magnitude is of great      concern. Clearly, these emission increases have resulted in      higher ozone levels this year than what would have otherwise      occurred, and are responsible for at least some of the rise      in ozone levels that have been observed.  I urge the EPA to stop the legal wrangling, accept the ruling of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, and issue the waiver to improve California air quality.  I now want to discuss my concerns surrounding two specific water contamination issues in California: groundwater contamination by perchlorate, and the deplorable state of the New River that flows along the border between California and Mexico.  Perchlorate is both a naturally occurring and man-made chemical that is used as the primary ingredient of solid rocket fuel propellant. Widespread perchlorate contamination was found in California drinking water in 1997, most of it from the manufacture and improper disposal of the chemical.  According to the EPA, perchlorate poses a serious health risk to human health because it interferes with the proper function of the thyroid and can potentially cause tumors.  I urge Governor Leavitt, if confirmed as Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to both hasten and increase EPA's efforts to identify and hold accountable those entities that have contaminated California's groundwater.  To date, perchlorate has been detected in more than 300 groundwater wells operated by 80 different agencies throughout California.  Collectively, these agencies serve 24.8 million people.  In the Inland Empire, a 7-mile plume has contaminated 22 drinking water wells, jeopardizing water supplies for approximately 500,000 residents.  The next EPA Administrator must direct the Agency to use its powers under Superfund law to compel the companies responsible for this contamination to participate in its cleanup.  On a broader scale, the next EPA Administrator must direct the Agency to set a federal drinking water standard for perchlorate as soon as possible, both to clarify clean-up standards and to provide oversight for the cleanup efforts.  There have been recent suggestions that it will take another 6 years before the EPA can issue a clean-up standard. Six years is an unconscionable delay given that we are discussing pollution of our drinking water supply.  EPA should take conduct site-specific assessments to evaluate the level of perchlorate contamination, and when appropriate, provide replacement water for the communities suffering from contaminated water.  This is a matter of utmost urgency for California because human health is at stake. I strongly believe the EPA must both accelerate and strengthen its response to this problem.  I also want to draw the EPA Administrator's attention to the status of the New River, which flows along the border between California and Mexico.  The New River has been consistently named one of the most polluted rivers in the United State by American Rivers.  The New River flows North from the Mexicali Valley into California's Imperial Valley, carrying with it vast quantities of urban runoff, such as raw sewage, industrial and municipal wastes, such as pollution from factories, and agricultural runoff, including pesticides.  Here is one startling statistic: Every day, the river pumps between 20 to 25 million gallons of raw sewage into California.  This is such a massive amount of horrific pollution flowing into California every day that we desperately need the help of EPA and the Federal Government to develop a solution to this problem.  The EPA has worked in Mexico to build two sewage treatment plants; however, I urge the agency to focus efforts on clean-up strategies in California.  In Utah, Governor Leavitt demonstrated his commitment to clean water when he supported the Colorado River Basin Salinity Control Act. This legislation helped reduce salt and agricultural drainage, and has had beneficial ramifications in California as well.  I applaud Governor Leavitt's efforts in this arena, and I would very much like to see his Clean Water Initiatives expanded to include other imperilled rivers such as the New River in California.  I must also voice my concern about the status of the Superfund Trust Fund. In 1980, citizen concern and outrage over highly toxic sites led to the creation of the EPA Superfund program to locate, investigate, and then clean the most hazardous sites nationwide.  Superfund has not been renewed since it expired in 1995, leaving dwindling Federal dollars to clean-up contaminated sites.  This is a big shift from the Clinton administration, when taxes on chemical and petroleum products provided up to $3.7 billion to clean up toxic waste sites.  As a result, the EPA is cleaning up 31 percent fewer Superfund sites, and taking in 64 percent less in fines per month than it did during its peak.  There are 96 sites in California that are currently on the Superfund national priorities list, the second highest number in the Nation behind New Jersey.  Approximately 40 percent of Californians live within four miles of a contaminated Superfund site.  One site in particular, the Santa Susana Field Laboratory in Ventura County owned by Rocketdyne, has been at the center of years of controversy regarding clean-up standards and funding.  A partial meltdown occurred there in 1959, and over the years other accidents and spills resulted in widespread chemical and radioactive contamination, which the federal government has been attempting to clean up.  EPA has played a key role in overseeing the cleanup.  I have been repeatedly promised by EPA that EPA would maintain that role, that it would ensure that contamination at the facility will be remediated to EPA's CERCLA, i.e., Superfund, standards, and that EPA will conduct a thorough radiation survey of the site to those CERCLA, standards to find the remaining contamination that needs to be cleaned up.  Recently, there have been indications that the administration may be pulling back from those commitments. DOE has said it doesn't want the promised EPA survey to go forward and that it wishes to remove only 5500 cubic meters of radioactively contaminated soil  This plan would leave behind 400,000 cubic meters of soil DOE concedes are contaminated above EPA's primary cleanup goal, and then release the site for unrestricted residential use.  Children could end up playing atop the strontium-90 and cesium-137 from a past reactor meltdown if EPA does not stand firm and stick to the commitments it has made to me.  I take the longstanding promises by EPA seriously, and will be closely watching to see that a new Administrator lives up to them. Governor Leavitt has set an encouragingly progressive precedent in his interactions with the Department of Energy, particularly during his work to remove uranium mine tailings from the Colorado River at Moab, Utah. Now we ask the Governor, in his role as Administrator of EPA, to continue that protective stance.  I applaud Governor Leavitt in his past efforts to ensure that the Department of Energy behaves in an environmentally responsible manner, and I urge the Governor to martial all available resources to continue cleaning Superfund sites.  Among the most serious issues we face as a country is the risk of terrorism, and among the most worrisome of those threats is that a radiological dispersal device--a so-called ``dirty bomb''--could be detonated.  The Homeland Security Agency, with input from a number of other agencies including EPA, has been attempting to develop cleanup standards to remediate the radioactive contamination that could result from such an event.  Some agencies have pushed for cleanup standards far more lax than EPA historically has viewed as protective of human health and the environment.  Given the concern many in this Chamber have about EPA's public pronouncements regarding health risks from the World Trade Center tragedy, I will be looking to the EPA Administrator to stand firm in insisting that any cleanup standards established for the aftermath of a ``dirty bomb'' terrorist event be fully protective of human health and the environment.  These standards should be no less protective than EPA's existing standards for cleaning up radioactive contamination from non-terrorist causes such as spills and accidents.  I support the nomination of Governor Mike Leavitt, and look forward to working with him and the Environmental Protection Agency.  