  Let me tell you what this is all about. I recognize the Senator doesn't like it. That is fine. He doesn't have to vote for it. But what this is all about is that 76 percent of DC fourth graders performed below basic in math, and only 10 percent read proficiently. Only 12 percent of eighth graders read proficiently.  That is what this is all about--to see if, by learning some of the basics, these children have a better start in education in a different model, in a different setting, with a different structure than currently exists in public education. It may work. It may not work. But these are all poor children. They are all in failing schools. Why not give them a chance?  I suppose you could fault it by saying, well, everyone who instructs one of these children in these schools should have more than a college degree. Sure. I would like to do it. I don't know that we can condition the requirement in every private secular school or every private parochial school that may accept one of these children.  I took high school classes from nuns who didn't have college degrees. And guess what. I got into Stanford based on what I learned in high school. So I came to realize that these absolute requirements may be right if we are going into this on a permanent basis, but we are not; we are going into it on a temporary basis. This pilot gives us an opportunity to see whether these children progress better in different settings. What is the difference if those different settings happen to be private parochial, or they happen to be private secular school settings?  I cannot tell you how many parents write to me and ask: Can you help me get my child into a private school? Please help me. These are parents who have funds. What about the parents who do not have funds? They don't have a chance at this. All this does is give them that opportunity.  If you do not like it, don't vote for it. That is easy. But some of us want to see what works and what doesn't work.  They said the same thing to Oakland Mayor Jerry Brown about his idea to start a military school in Oakland. A public military school? Horrors. The school board voted it down. Fortunately, the Mayor of Oakland is a persistent personality. He went to the State and got a special charter to open a military school so that youngsters from the deeply troubled socioeconomic areas in the city of Oakland would have a shot of going to college. Now they have 350 kids who are 3 years into the program, and they are testing as the second best middle school in Oakland. That is discipline. It is amazing. Different models work for different youngsters.  That is why I am supporting this approach.  