 President, I rise today to commemorate the lives of the seven astronauts who gave their lives Saturday when the spacecraft Columbia was lost as it returned to Earth. The names of those manning the shuttle will be ingrained in our minds and in our hearts: CDR Rick Husband, CDR William McCool, LTC Michael Anderson, CDR Laurel Clark, CAPT David Brown, Dr. Kalpana Chawla, and COL Ilan Ramon, of the Israeli Air Force.  The crew of the Columbia shared a love of flying and a sense of adventure that spurred each to strive for excellence and reach for space.  CDR Rick Husband knew from the time he was 4 years old and watched his first shuttle launch that he wanted to be an astronaut.  He was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Air Force and attended pilot training at Vance Air Force Base in Oklahoma. He later served as a test pilot for all five models of the F-15. Commander Husband logged more than 3,800 hours of flight time in more than 40 types of aircraft.  Commander Husband studied mechanical engineering at Fresno State University in California through an extension program at nearby Edwards Air Force Base. On the flight, Commander Husband carried a Fresno State Bulldogs sweatshirt, as a memento. He graduated with a master's degree in 1990. Four years later, NASA selected Husband as an astronaut candidate.  He leaves behind his wife, and his two children.  Born in San Diego, CA, CDR William McCool was the son of a Navy and Marine aviator who built model airplanes as a youngster.  Commander McCool studied aerospace engineering at the U.S. Naval Academy, and was elected captain of the cross-country running team his senior year. He graduated second in his class from the Naval Academy.  Commander McCool received a master's degree in computer science from the University of Maryland in 1985 and a master's in aeronautical engineering at the U.S. Naval Postgraduate School in 1992.  He attended flight school in Pensacola, FL, and worked as a test pilot at the Patuxent River Naval Air Station in southern Maryland.  Commander McCool leaves behind a wife and two children.  LTC Michael Anderson always dreamed of space flight and once said that he could not remember a time when he did not want to be an astronaut.  He graduated from the University of Washington in 1981 with a degree in physics and astronomy and, following in his father's footsteps, was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Air Force.  While stationed at Offutt Air Force Base in Nebraska in 1990, Anderson earned a master's degree in physics from Omaha's Creighton University.  In 1994, he was selected to join NASA as a potential future astronaut. In January 1998, he made his first flight, aboard the space shuttle Endeavour, traveling 3.6 million miles during 138 orbits of the Earth to reach the Mir space station.  LTC Michael Anderson leaves behind his wife and two daughters.  CDR Laurel Clark always excelled at school, and her classmates remember her for her fun-loving and adventurous spirit.  After Commander Clark graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, she joined the Navy to pay her way through medical school, but stayed with the Navy for the series of adventures it offered her in her career.  While in the Navy, Commander Clark became a submarine medical officer, dove with Navy SEALS in Scotland, and earned her flight surgeon's wings before finally applying to NASA for astronaut training.  While orbiting the Earth, Commander Clark remarked on the beauty of watching sunsets from space.  She leaves behind her husband and her son.  CAPT David Brown loved to fly kites as a child, and would gaze at the stars with friends from a backyard telescope.  Captain Brown grew up in Arlington, VA, and earned a bachelor's degree in biology from the College of William and Mary, where he worked two jobs so he could take flying lessons.  He then earned a medical degree from Eastern Virginia Medical School in Norfolk, before joining the Navy.  Captain Brown served as a flight surgeon in the Navy and joined NASA in 1996.  His family and friends remember him as a person who ``grabbed life,'' saying that he could and did accomplish anything he set out to do.  Dr. Kalpana Chawla fell in love with the idea of flying as a young girl in India.  She graduated from the Tagore Bal Niketan School in her small hometown of Karnal and then got a bachelor's degree in aeronautical engineering from Punjab Engineering College.  She left India for the United States, earning a master's degree from the University of Texas and a doctorate in aerospace engineering from the University of Colorado.  Dr. Chawla then worked as a scientist at the NASA Ames research laboratory in California before joining the astronaut program in 1995.  Dr. Chawla was a member of the West Valley Flying Club in Palo Alto who loved doing aerial acrobatics over the Bay Area.  She leaves behind her husband.  COL Ilan Ramon was a bona fide combat hero in Israel, flying missions in the Yom Kippur War in 1973, and the Lebanon war in 1982.  In recent days, he lifted the spirits of his country, becoming a national hero as the first Israeli in space.  As a pilot, Colonel Ramon clocked more than 4,000 hours in combat aircraft, and was an F-16 squadron commander.  Aboard the Columbia, one of Ramon's scientific experiments involved tracking sandstorms in the Sahara Desert, and studying their impact on climate and environment.  He leaves behind his wife and four children.  Each of the astronauts knew the risks involved in space flight. But they took those risks willingly in order to follow their dreams, knowing that their mission was a noble one of science and discovery.  What remains for us, as a nation, is to determine the cause of this tragedy, make adjustments so that it will not happen again, and continue the exploration of space.  NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe has already assigned several internal units to investigate the loss of the Columbia, including a ``Mishap Response Team'' and a ``Contingency Action Team.''  In addition, Administrator O'Keefe announced the formation of an independent board led by Harold W. Gehman, who cochaired the probe of the October 2000 terrorist attack on the USS Cole in Yemen.  I think that the way NASA has acted in the past few days is a marked improvement to the way the investigation into the 1986 Challenger explosion was handled.  Information has been disseminated quickly, which gives me hope that a fair and prompt investigation will yield the causes for the loss of the Columbia.  The space program must continue. The American legacy is filled with stories of exploration, and the desire to push new frontiers to the limit.  There is so much to learn from space. This tragedy will not stifle the desire to acquire all the potential knowledge we could gain as a country, and as a planet, from exploration beyond Earth.  The risks, however, will always be present. In a way, space exploration means continually breaking new ground, and taking those risks.  The hardest part of these losses, is the human loss. The astronauts aboard the Columbia were men and women at their prime. They put their hearts and souls into this mission, were the best and brightest of their peers, and still this catastrophe befell them.  My heart goes out to the families that the crew of the Space Shuttle Columbia left behind. As we search for the reasons this tragedy occurred, it cannot be forgotten that each member was a son or daughter, a mother or father, a brother or sister, a dear friend. The thoughts and prayers of the American people, and of the world, are with them as they endure the pain of this loss.  The crew of the Space Shuttle Columbia embodied the human desire to explore, to reach, and to dream. Their courage, idealism, and enthusiasm for discovery are hallmarks of the American spirit which should be remembered and celebrated, even as we grieve their loss.  (At the request of Mr. Daschle, the following statement was ordered to be printed in the Record.) 