 President, I heard the comments of the distinguished ranking member that they had not had an opportunity to see the amendment. Of course, we will allow that opportunity to take place. This amendment closes a major loophole which allows energy trades to take place electronically, in private, with no transparency, no record, no audit trail, or any oversight to guard against fraud and manipulation.  This amendment will close a loophole created in 2000 when Congress passed the Commodity Futures Modernization Act which exempted energy and metals trading from regulatory oversight and excluded them completely if the trade was done electronically.  This amendment was presented by me before. Senator Fitzgerald spoke, Senator Wyden spoke, Senator Cantwell spoke. We got just about a majority. Senator Gramm of Texas argued against it. It did go back to the Agriculture Committee. The Agriculture Committee held hearings and both Senators Harkin and Lugar participated in making changes, which I think has made this a better amendment.  We were hoping for a markup, but the Congress ended without that markup having taken place. Now the Energy bill is before us, and it seems to me this is the time to present this.  This bill has had floor discussion. It has had a committee hearing. It has been modified by the chairman and the ranking member of the Agriculture Committee and is now before us.  Today, if there is no delivery of physical energy, there is no price transparency. By that I mean, if I buy natural gas from you and you deliver it to me, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has the authority to ensure that the transaction is transparent--meaning it is available to look at--and that it is reasonably priced. However, many energy transactions no longer result in delivery. In other words, if I sell to you and you sell to Senator Craig who sells to Senator Domenici who sells to somebody else who then delivers it, none of these trades is covered if done electronically. That means there is no record; there is no audit trail; there are no capital requirements; there is no transparency; there is no antifraud or antimanipulation oversight today. It is a huge loophole permitted in the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000.  This lack of transparency and oversight applies to energy and metals trading. It does not apply if you are selling wheat or pork bellies or any other tangible commodity. Why do we include metals? Fraud and manipulation have not been confined to the energy trading sector. For example, in 1996 U.S. consumers were overcharged $2.5 billion from Sumitomo's manipulation of the copper markets.  Furthermore, in 1999 the President's Working Group on Financial Markets recommended excluding only financial derivatives, not energy and metals derivatives, from the CFTC's jurisdiction.  After intense lobbying by, of all people, Enron, a change was made to the Commodity Futures Modernization Act to exempt energy and metals trading from CFTC oversight in 2000. It did not take long for EnronOnline and others in the energy sector to take advantage of this new freedom by trading energy derivatives absent any transparency and regulatory oversight. In other words, a whole new niche was found where you could avoid any scrutiny and do this trading.  After the 2000 legislation was enacted, EnronOnline began to trade energy derivatives bilaterally, without being subject to proper regulatory oversight. It should not surprise anyone that without the transparency, prices soared and games were played.  Three years ago this summer, California's energy market began to spiral out of control. In May of 2000, families and businesses in San Diego saw their energy bills soar. The western energy crisis forced every family and business in California and many of the other States to pay more for energy. The crisis forced the State of California into a severe budget shortfall. It forced the State's largest utility into bankruptcy and nearly bankrupted the second largest publicly owned utility.  Now, 3 years and $45 billion in costs later, we have learned how the energy markets in California were gamed and abused. Originally everyone around here said: Oh, it's the problem of the 1996 deregulation law. I will admit that law is a faulty law. However, you cannot have the price of energy 1 year being $7 billion throughout the whole State and the next year it is $28 billion and say that is supply and demand. You cannot have a 400 percent increase just based on supply and demand. Clearly, you do not have a 400 percent increase in demand in a 1-year period of time. Nor did that happen in a 1-year period of time.  In March of this year, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission issued a report titled ``Price Manipulation In Western Markets,'' which confirmed that there was widespread and pervasive fraud and manipulation during the western energy crisis. According to the FERC report, the abuse in our energy markets was pervasive and unlawful. Yet this Energy bill does not prevent another energy crisis from occurring nor does it curb illegal Enron-type manipulation.  Just last week, the FBI arrested former Enron trader John M. Forney, saying he was a key architect of Enron's well-known trading schemes blamed for worsening California's energy crisis in 2000 and 2001.  Mr. Forney was charged with a single count each of wire fraud and conspiracy. He is the third Enron trader accused by the Justice Department of criminal manipulation of western energy markets but the first who did not reach a plea agreement, leading to his arrest last Tuesday. According to the criminal complaint, Forney is allegedly the architect of the Enron trading strategies with the now infamous names of Ricochet, Death Star, Get Shorty, Fat Boy, and others.  These Enron strategies were first revealed on Monday, May 6, 2002, when the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission posted a series of documents on their Web site that revealed Enron manipulated the western energy market by engaging in these suspect trading strategies.  Under one such trading strategy called Death Star, which was also called Forney's Perpetual Loop, for John Forney, Enron would ``get paid for moving energy to relieve congestion without actually moving energy or relieving any congestion,'' according to an internal memo. It was a fraud.  It was a fraud. A was a trading strategy which was clearly and simply fraudulent and manipulative.  In another strategy detailed in these memos, Enron would ``create the appearance of congestion through the deliberate overstatement of loads'' to drive up prices.  The above-mentioned strategies reveal an intentional and coordinated attempt to manipulate the Western energy market for profit.  This is an important piece of the puzzle that has been uncovered. Some former Enron traders helped fill in the blanks.  CBS News reported in May 2002 that former Enron traders admitted the company was directly responsible for local blackouts in California. Yet, interestingly enough, no one has followed up on this report.  According to CBS News reporter Jason Leopold, the traders said Enron's former president Jeff Skilling pushed them to trade aggressively in California and told them, ``If you can't do that, then you need to find a job at another company or go trade pork bellies.''  The CBS article mentions that Enron traders played a disturbing role in blackouts that hit California. The report mentions specific manipulative behavior by Enron on June 14 and 15 in the summer of 2000 when traders said they intentionally clogged Path 26--a key transmission path connecting Northern and Central California.  Here is what one trader said about the event:       What we did was overbook the line we had the rights on      during a shortage or in a heat wave. We did this in June 2000      when the Bay Area was going through a heat wave and the ISO      couldn't send power to the North. The ISO has to pay Enron to      free up the line in order to send power to San Francisco to      keep the lights on. But by the time they agreed to pay us,      rolling blackouts had already hit California and the price      for electricity went through the roof.  In other words, they waited for the weather. They calculatedly overbooked the line to clog the lines so that power could not be transmitted to the north. Therefore, what power was transmitted went sky high in terms of price. Second, a blackout resulted.  California lost billions. Yet according to the traders, Enron made millions of dollars by employing this strategy alone.  On top of all this, traders disclosed that Enron's manipulative trading strategies helped force California to sign expensive long-term contracts. It is no surprise that Enron and others were able to profit so handsomely during the crisis.  Now, after 3 years, the FBI and the Justice Department are beginning tobring these traders to justice. In February, Jeffrey Richter, the former head of Enron's Short-Term California energy trading desk, pled guilty to conspiracy to commit fraud as part of Enron's well known schemes to manipulate Western energy markets.  Richter's plea followed that of head Enron trader Tim Belden in the fall of 2002. Belden admitted that he schemed to defraud California during the Western energy crisis and also plead guilty to conspiracy to commit wire fraud.  Nobody can believe this didn't happen, because it did. Two people have pled guilty, and a third was just arrested for doing just what we hope to prevent happening with this amendment.  The plea by Jeff Richter came on the heels of FERC's release of transcripts from Reliant Energy in January of this year that reveal how their traders intentionally withheld power from the California market in an attempt to increase prices. This is one of the most egregious examples of manipulation and it is clear and convincing evidence of coordinated schemes to defraud consumers.  Let me read just one part of the transcript to demonstrate the greed behind the market abuse by Reliant and its traders.  On June 20, 2000 two Reliant employees had the following conversation that reveals the company withheld power from the California market to drive prices up:       Reliant Operations Manager 1. I don't necessarily foresee      those units being run the remainder of this week. In fact you      will probably see, in fact I know, tomorrow we have all the      units at Coolwater off.  The Coolwater plant is a 526 Megawatt plant.       Reliant Plant Operator 2. Really?       Reliant Operations Manager 1. Potentially. Even number      four. More due to some market manipulation attempts on our      part. And so, on number four it probably wouldn't last long.      It would probably be back on the next day, if not the day      after that. Trying to uh . . .       Reliant Plant Operator 2. Trying to shorten supply, uh?      That way the price on demand goes up.       Reliant Operations Manager 1. Well, we'll see.       Reliant Plant Operator 2. I can understand. That's cool.       Reliant Operations Manager 1. ``We've got some term      positions that, you know, that would benefit.  That is what existed. That is the kind of thing that went on, and it has to stop. It has to be made illegal and it has to have heavy penalties.  Let's turn to some other examples.  On January 27, 2003, Michelle Marie Valencia, a 32-year-old former senior energy trader for Dynegy, was arrested on charges that she reported fictitious natural gas transactions to an industry publication.  On December 5, 2002, Todd Geiger, a former vice president on the Canadian natural gas trading desk for El Paso Merchant Energy, was charged with wire fraud and filing a false report after allegedly telling a trade publication about the prices for 48 natural gas trades that he never made in an effort to boost prices and company profit.  In other words, he is telling an energy trade publication about 48 gas trades that were never made. It was bogus information which was given out. Why? Simply to boost the market.  These indictments are just a few examples of how energy firms reported inaccurate prices to trade publications to drive energy prices higher.  Industry publications claimed they could not be fooled by false prices because deviant prices are rejected, but this claim was predicated on the fact that everyone was reporting honestly which we now know they weren't doing.  CMS Energy, Williams, American Electric Power Company, and Dynegy have each acknowledged that its employees gave inaccurate price data to industry participants. On December 19 Dynegy agreed to pay a $5 million fine for its actions.  Let us turn to other types of fraudulent trades that many energy firms have admitted to.  Dynegy, Duke Energy, El Paso, Reliant Resources Inc., CMS Energy Corp., and Williams Cos. all admitted engaging in false ``round-trip'' or ``wash trades.''  What is a ``round-trip'' trade, one might ask?  ``Round-trip'' trades occur when one firm sells energy to another and then the second firm simultaneously sells the same amount of energy back to the first company at exactly the same price. No commodity ever actually changes hands, but when done on an exchange, these transactions send a price signal to the market and they artificially boost revenue for the company.  How widespread are ``round-trip'' trades? Well, the Congressional Research Service looked at trading patterns in the energy sector over the last few years and reported, ``this pattern of trading suggests a market environment in which a significant volume of fictitious trading could have taken place.''  Yet since most of the energy trading market is unregulated by the government, we have only a slim idea of the illusions being perpetrated in the energy sector.  Consider the following confessions from energy firms about ``round-trip'' trades:  Reliant admitted 10 percent of its trading revenues came from ``round-trip'' trades. The announcement forced the company's President and head of wholesale trading to both step down.  These are bogus traders.  CMS Energy announced 80 percent of its trades in 2001 were ``round-trip'' trades.  Eighty percent of all of the trading this company did was bogus.  Remember, these trades are sham deals where nothing was exchanged, yet the company booked revenues from the trades. This is exactly what our legislation aims to stop.  Duke Energy disclosed that $1.1 billion worth of trades were ``round-trip'' since 1999. Roughly two-thirds of these were done on the InterContinental Exchange owned by banks that oppose this legislation.  Let me repeat that. Duke Energy disclosed that $1.1 billion worth of trades were bogus ``round-trip'' trades since 1991. And two-thirds of those were done on the InterContinental Exchange, which is an electronic exchange. That means that thousands of subscribers would have seen false price signals.  A lawyer for J.P. Morgan Chase admitted the bank engineered a series of ``round-trip'' trades with Enron. Dynegy and Williams have also admitted to this ``round-trip'' trading. And although those trades mostly occurred with electricity, there is evidence to suggest that ``round-trip'' trades were made in natural gas and even broadband.  By exchanging the same amount of a commodity at the same price, these companies have not engaged in meaningful transactions but in deceptive practices to fool investors and drive up energy prices for consumers. It is, therefore, imperative that the Department of Justice, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and every other oversight agency conduct an aggressive and vigorous investigation into all of the energy companies that may have committed fraud and abuse in the western energy market.  Beyond that, I believe strongly that Congress must reexamine what tools the Government needs to keep a better watch over these volatile markets that, frankly, are little understood. In the absence of vigilant Government oversight of the energy sector, firms have the incentive to create the appearance of a mature liquid and well functioning market, but it is unclear whether such a market exists. And I don't believe, for a minute, that such a market exists.  The ``round-trip'' trades, the Enron memos, the FERC report on ``Price Manipulation in the Western Markets'' raise questions about the energy markets of our country. To this end, I believe it is critical for the Senate to approve this amendment, which would provide more regulatory oversight of online energy trading.  When the Senate Energy Committee marked up the Energy bill in April, there was a consensus to include some provisions of the Energy Market Oversight Act, S. 509, I introduced earlier this year. The Energy bill, S. 14, does include higher criminal and civil penalties for violations of the Federal Power Act and the Natural Gas Act.  Under section 1173 of the bill now on the floor, fines will be $1 million instead of the current $5,000 for a one-time violation of the statutes. I thankthe chairman of the committee for this. Jail time will be raised to 5 years instead of the current 2 years. And I thank the chairman of the committee for this. Fines will be $50,000 per violation per day instead of the current $500 per violation per day for violations of the statutes. And I thank the chairman of the committee for this.  Furthermore, section 1174 of the Energy bill will eliminate the unnecessary 60-day waiting period for FERC to grant refunds. I thank both Senator Domenici and Senator Bingaman, the chairman and the ranking member of the Energy Committee, for their efforts to include provisions of S. 509, the Energy Market Oversight Act, in this Energy bill.  Now let me turn to the specifics of the amendment.  I am offering this amendment--and I am hopeful that Senator Fitzgerald will come to the floor; I know he intends to speak on this amendment, and I hope he does--I am offering this amendment to subject electronic exchanges, such as EnronOnline, the InterContinental Exchange, and any other electronic exchange, to the same oversight, reporting, and capital requirements of other commodity exchanges, such as the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, the New York Mercantile Exchange, and the Chicago Board of Trade.  Why should there be one secret trading venue where fraud and manipulation can take place abbondanza? I do not think there should be. I do not think it is in the interests of our citizens to have that happen. And the western energy market should be a major case in point.  I am very pleased that Senators Fitzgerald, Harkin, Lugar, Cantwell, Wyden, Leahy, Durbin, and Boxer have again signed on to this amendment. I was very proud of the work we did in the 107th Congress, and I hope we can adopt this amendment on this Energy bill because without this type of legislation, there is insufficient authority to investigate and prevent fraud and price manipulation since parties making the trades are not required to keep a record. That is the problem.  The CFTC will say: Oh, we are already doing that. But in the law there is no requirement to keep a record. There is a specific exemption in the law. So I do not see how the CFTC has the adequate tools to do what they need to do without this amendment because this amendment closes that loophole which exists just for energy and just for metals and, because of its existence, has allowed EnronOnline and a number of other exchanges--Dynegy had one; InterContinental Exchange had one as well--to do all these things in secret with no audit trail, no record, no capital requirements. Nobody has a responsibility to set any capital requirements. There is no audit trail and no antifraud and antimanipulation oversight. Clear and simple, it is a travesty.  Right now, energy transactions are regulated by FERC. When there is actual delivery, that is taken care of. If Senator Reid sells me energy and I deliver it, that is covered by FERC. But interim trades are not covered by anybody. They are on their own in secret.  Many energy transactions no longer result in delivery, so this giant loophole where there is no government oversight--when these transactions are done on electronic exchanges--is major. I think it is mega. I think a number of companies have jumped into this void simply because they thought they could make a quick buck by gaming the system, and in fact they have done just that.  As I mentioned, in 2000 Congress passed the Commodity Futures Modernization Act, which exempted energy and metals from regulatory oversight, and excluded it completely if the trade was done electronically. So today, as long as there is no delivery, there is no price transparency, there is no record, there is no audit trail, there is no capital requirement, there is no antifraud, antimanipulation oversight.  This lack of transparency and oversight only applies to energy. It does not apply if you are selling wheat or pork bellies or any other tangible commodity. And financial derivatives are not included in this amendment.  It did not take long for Enron and others to take advantage of this new freedom by trading derivatives absent any regulatory oversight. Thus, after the 2000 legislation was enacted, EnronOnline, as I said, began to trade energy derivatives bilaterally without being subject to regulatory oversight. It should not be a surprise to anyone that prices soared.  In March, Warren Buffett published a warning in Fortune magazine saying:       Derivatives are financial weapons of mass destruction.  In his annual warning letter to shareholders about what worries him about the financial markets, Warren Buffett called derivatives and the trading activities that go with them ``time bombs.''  In the letter, Mr. Buffett states:       In recent years some huge-scale frauds and near-frauds have      been facilitated by derivatives trades. In the energy and      electric utility sectors, for example, companies used      derivatives and trading activities to report great      ``earnings''--until the roof fell in when they actually      tried to convert the derivatives-related receivables on      their balance sheets into cash.  We clearly saw this with Enron. Was Enron and its energy derivative trading arm, Enron Online, the sole reason California and the West had an energy crisis? No. Was it a contributing factor to the crisis? I believe it was.  Unfortunately, because of the energy exemptions in the 2000 Commodities Futures Modernization Act, which took away the CFTC's authority to investigate, we may never know for sure. In the 107th Congress, this legislation was debated during consideration of the Senate Energy bill, and it was a subject of a hearing in the Senate Agriculture Committee. As I said, time ran out before it could be marked up and passed. Since that time, both Senators Lugar and Harkin have made significant improvements to the legislation.  So today I am pleased to note that the following companies and organizations are supporting this legislation: the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association; the Derivatives Study Center; the American Public Gas Association; the American Public Power Association; the California Municipal Utilities Association; Southern California Public Power Authority; the Transmission Access Policy Study Group; U.S. Public Interest Research Group; the Consumers Union; the Consumers Federation of America; Calpine; Southern California Edison; Pacific Gas and Electric; and the FERC Chairman Pat Wood.  Here is a quick explanation of what this amendment does. It applies antifraud and antimanipulation authority to all exempt commodity transactions. An exempt commodity is a commodity which is not financial and not agricultural and mainly includes energy and metals. The bill sets up two classes of swaps for those made between sophisticated persons, basically institutions and wealthy individuals, that are not entered into on a trading facility, for example, an exchange. Antifraud and antimanipulation provisions apply and wash trades are prohibited. The following regulations would apply to all swaps made on an electronic trading facility and a ``dealer market'' which includes dealers who buy and sell swaps in exempt commodities and the entity on which the swap takes place. Antifraud and antimanipulation provisions and the prohibition of wash trades apply.  If the entity on which the swap takes place serves a pricing or price discovery function, increased notice, reporting, bookkeeping, and other transparency requirements are provided. The requirement to maintain sufficient capital is commensurate with the risk associated with the swap. We don't determine that in this legislation. The Commodities Futures Trading Commission would determine that. In other words, they would determine what kind of net capital requirement there will be, and that would be commensurate with the degree of risk involved in the transaction.  Except for the antifraud and antimanipulation provisions, the CFTC has the discretion to tailor the above requirements to fit the character and financial risk involved with the swap or entity. While the CFTC could require daily public disclosure of trading data, such as opening and closing prices, similar to the requirement of futures exchanges, it could not require real-time publication of proprietary trading information or prohibit an entity from selling their data. So proprietary information is protected.  The CFTC may allow entities to meet certain self-regulatory responsibilities as provided in a list of core principles. If an entity chooses to become a self regulator, these core principles would obligate the entity to monitor trading to prevent fraud and manipulation, as well as assure that its other regulatory obligations are met.  The penalties for manipulation are greatly increased. The civil monetary penalty for manipulation is increased from $100,000 to $1 million. Wash trades are subject to the monetary civil penalty for each violation and imprisonment of up to 10 years.  The FERC is required to improve communications with other Federal regulatory agencies. A shortcoming in the main antifraud provision of the CEA is also corrected by allowing CFTC enforcement of fraud to apply to instances of either defrauding a person for oneself or on behalf of others.  This would also require the FERC and the CFTC to meet quarterly and discuss how energy derivative markets are functioning and affecting energy deliveries. So they are required to look at this, to monitor it closely, and to sit quarterly and see how these markets are, in fact, functioning.  This would grant the FERC the authority to use monetary penalties on companies that don't comply with requests for information. This is essentially the same authority the SEC has today.  It would make it easier for FERC to hire the necessary outside help they need, including accountants, lawyers, and investigators for investigative purposes. And it would eliminate the requirement that FERC receive approval from the Office of Management and Budget before launching an investigation or price discovery of electricity or natural gas markets involving more than 10 companies.  This amendment is not going to do anything to change what happened in California and the West. But it does provide the necessary authority for the CFTC and the FERC which will help protect against another energy crisis. No one is immune from this kind of thing. The gaming, the fraud, the manipulation has been extraordinary.  Just the chutzpah to do Death Star, Get Shorty, Ricochet, just the chutzpah to do these kinds of trades in secret, it is a bunco operation. It is nothing else but. And who is buncoed? The consumer is buncoed. That is why consumer organizations feel strongly about this.  When regulatory agencies have the will but not the authority to regulate, Congress must step in and ensure that our regulators have the necessary tools. Unfortunately, sometimes an agency has neither. In this case, I am glad to have the support of FERC, and I hope the CFTC will reconsider its position and support this amendment.  I note that Senator Fitzgerald is on the floor. I would like to yield to him. But before I do, may I just say one quick thing.  