 President, I rise in support of a bipartisan, fiscally responsible budget amendment, which I have sponsored with Senators Tom Carper and Lincoln Chafee.  Our amendment would provide immediate tax relief to every taxpayer in this country, while balancing the budget 4 years earlier than the resolution currently being considered.  Instead of driving the Nation further into debt, our budget would cost $50billion over 10 years--a fraction of the $1.7 trillion the underlying resolution would add to the deficit over the next decade.  Our budget corrects for the Budget Committee's low discretionary spending limits after 2008 by recognizing the need, at a minimum, to increase domestic discretionary spending with inflation. In contrast, the Budget Committee's mark would increase those limits by an average of only 1.5 percent after 2008, a rate of increase which is simply unrealistic.  Were it not for that needed adjustment to discretionary spending, our budget would actually increase revenue due to a 10-year net surplus on the tax side.  Many members of this Chamber have expressed concerns about pursuing a $726 billion tax cut at a time of massive projected budget deficits and rising uncertainty about the cost of the war with Iraq.  In fact, neither the administration's budget, nor the one currently being considered, nor our budget for that matter, includes funding to cover the cost of a war with Iraq, despite estimates that range from $60 billion to $100 billion or more.  The added cost of this conflict could push our budget deficit this year to over $500 billion, if the surplus in the Social Security Trust Fund is not included. Although no proposed budget accounts for the cost of the war in Iraq, our budget proposal faces the reality of significant new costs head-on by bringing us back to balance quickly.  I share the concerns of many of my colleagues, and I believe our primary responsibility is to pass a budget that meets our nation's long-term needs. And this is what our amendment seeks to do.  Why do I support this amendment? Our budget accepts the discretionary spending limits laid out in President Bush's budget proposal. Despite concerns about the impact of those limits on many critical priorities, I have agreed to those spending limits in an effort to support a realistic compromise which addresses our fiscal needs conservatively.  I believe that without real bipartisan compromise, it will prove impossible to return to a balanced budget.  Therefore, I join with Senators Carper and Chafee today, because we all value fiscal responsibility and recognize the need for balanced budgets.  I must state clearly, however, that this budget does include a $10 billion reserve fund for homeland security in fiscal year 2004, and does not commit to the specific programmatic cuts detailed in the President's Budget.  The Carper/Chafee/Feinstein budget keeps those elements of the President's proposed tax cut that would benefit all Americans and stimulate the economy. It would:  Immediately expand the 10 percent income tax bracket from $6,000 to $7,000; Accelerate cuts to the 27 percent tax bracket from 2004 to 2003; Increase the child tax credit from $600 to $700; and Accelerate marriage penalty relief from 2005 to 2003.  Our budget also includes:  Immediately increase the individual estate tax exemption to $3 million per individual and $6 million per couple--something not included in the budget which was reported out of Committee. This would exempt all but one percent of estates from any tax liability whatsoever.  Increase small business expensing limits from $25,000 to $75,000, allowing them to make needed capital improvements and expand their operations.  All of those cuts are retroactive to January 1, 2003, and would immediately put money in every taxpayer's pocket.  This budget amendment would pay for these tax cuts in part by freezing planned reductions to the top two tax rates--the rates that apply to adjusted gross incomes above $143,500 for individuals.  Yet even those who pay taxes at this rate would receive tax relief--from the expansion of the 10 percent bracket, marriage penalty reduction, a larger child tax credit, and a cut to the 27 percent bracket.  This budget does not increase taxes for any American, but instead is a balanced blueprint designed to promote fiscal responsibility.  When I came to the Senate in 1992, we faced a record budget deficit of $290 billion, a record which we will almost certainly surpass this year.  After securing commitments from Senate moderates in the Centrist Coalition, we were able to hold the line on new spending and further tax cuts. Those efforts paid off in 1998, when the Federal Government returned to surplus for the first time since the Johnson Administration.  It was no coincidence that the path back to surplus, and the following three years of consecutive surpluses, coincided with the greatest period of economic expansion in American history.  The single biggest impediment to returning to similar rates of economic growth, however, is the tremendous uncertainty facing the United States.  While we now face a war in Iraq and ongoing stand-off in North Korea, we can do a better job in managing our domestic economy.  Pushing through a $726 billion tax cut now would only increase deficits and uncertainty, and would lead to a spike in long-term interest rates as we take on trillions in new debt.  I urge my colleagues to support this budget. It is a compromise which makes sense.  By adopting this budget amendment, we can bring the budget back into balance in six years, stop raiding the Social Security Trust Fund in ten, and forego nearly $2 trillion in new debt by 2013.  The alternative, which does not recognize our current fiscal crisis, will only make future compromises all the more difficult.  