 As the committee completes its work on the floor and heads to conference to finalize this important bill, I want to call the committee's attention to a unique project in California that has national implications.  I want to call the committee's attention to the Chino Basin Manure Management Project in Southern California. This project is funded through the National Resources Conservation Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.  In fiscal year 2002, this committee provided $10 million for the Chino Basin project. Half of the money was spent for regional flood control, and the other half went to the development and construction of an anaerobic digester facility.  The Manure Management Project is cosponsored by the Inland Empire Utilities Agency and the Milk Producers Council, both in San Bernardino County. The purpose of this project was to explore an innovative and effective solution to the problems associated with vast quantities of animal pollution which naturally results from large-scale dairy operations.  This project collects manure from several thousand local dairy cows, transporting it to a local facility equipped with an industrial size anaerobic digester. The animal waste is placed in a closed, sealed vat, where it is then simultaneously starved of oxygen and heated for several days.  Under normal circumstances, we would typically think of manure as both a cost and a pollutant. However, the end result of this project is the development of two marketable products: methane gas and organic fertilizer. The methane is used in the production of electricity, and the project's proponents are currently in the process of developing a market for the resulting fertilizer.  In addition to creating marketable methane and fertilizer, this project also produces an impressively long list of additional benefits, including improved air quality, reduced groundwater contamination, and even improved health of the cows at the dairy.  A recent estimate indicates that if all the manure in the Chino area was processed in anaerobic digesters this would eventually produce approximately 50 megawatts of renewable electric power per year. Even more significantly, it will also remove significant amounts of air pollutants. For example, the current operational digester removes 15,000 tons of carbon dioxide or its equivalent from the atmosphere per year. The next anaerobic digester built because of its larger capacity will likely triple that amount to about 45,000 tons of CO2 or its equivalent per year.  The Inland Empire Utility Agency and the Milk Producers Council are seeking funding to expand and refine the application of this and similar technologies. The cost of a second digester is approximately $9 million dollars, and they have already received acommitment from the California Energy Commission for the balance of the necessary funds.  The Inland Empire Utility Agency and the Milk Producers Council are requesting that a $5 million grant be inserted into this appropriations bill.  The first plant--a demonstration of this technology--was built on time and on budget, and is successfully operating today. Although the next phase of this project was contemplated as part of their original program, the National Resources Conservation Service has informed Inland Empire and the Milk Producers Council that funds are unavailable at this time.  The National Resources Conservation Service highlights and salutes this project nationally, as this project has become a de facto ``national demonstration project.'' Communities, water districts, dairymen, and even Indian tribes from across the Nation have gone to Chino to examine this unique partnership between the Chino Basin dairy industry and the local water agency.  The Inland Empire Utilities Agency and Milk Producers Council's request deserves consideration by this committee in the pending appropriations bill. I ask the subcommittee chairman to consider this project as the appropriations bill is finalized.  