 President, I rise today to offer an amendment aimed at preventing and punishing a terrorist act at one or another of our Nation's 361 seaports. This amendment is a stripped-down version of S. 746, the legislation I introduced with Senators Kyl, Chambliss, and Schumer.  The provisions of this amendment have a de minimis cost.  The Technology and Terrorism Subcommittee of Judiciary, both under Senator Kyl's leadership and also under my leadership, held some of the initial hearings on port security. Of course, we found very early on what others have found; that is, our ports are really not equipped to, A, handle the challenge of terrorism, and, B, to do so in a way to protect the American people.  This legislation builds on amendments made to our laws in the past year but goes further than those changes to ensure the security of our seaports.  We have found that many of our criminal laws have major loopholes in them and really do not take into consideration crimes that take place aboard ships.  I have shown this amendment to the staff of Senator Hollings. We have shown it to Senator McCain. Yesterday, I went through it with Senators Grassley and Baucus of the Finance Committee, and none of them indicated any objection or problem.  Specifically, this amendment would make it a crime for terrorists to attack a port, or a cruise ship, or to deploy a weapon of mass destruction at or through a seaport.  It would make it a crime to put devices in U.S. waters that can destroy a ship, or cargo, or interfere with safe navigation or maritime commerce.  It would update our Federal criminal piracy and privateering laws and increase penalties.  It would make it a crime to use a dangerous weapon or explosive to try to kill someone on board a passenger vessel.  It would make it a crime to fail to heave to--that is, to slow or stop a vessel--at the direction of a Coast Guard or other authorized Federal law enforcement official seeking to board that vessel, or to interfere with boarding by such an officer.  It would make it a crime to destroy an aid to maritime navigation, such as a buoy or a shoal breakwater light maintained by the Coast Guard if this would endanger the safe navigation of the vessel.  It would make it a crime for a terrorist or a criminal to try to attack U.S. citizens or U.S. marine life by putting poison in the waters offshore.  It would require the Attorney General to issue regulations making it easier to determine the extent of crime and terrorism at a seaport, and improve communication between different law enforcement agencies involved at ports.  In addition, this amendment would help improve physical security at seaports by ensuring greater coordination.  In particular, and most importantly, it would designate the captain of the port as the primary authority for seaport security at each port. This would enable all parties involved in business at a port to understand who has final say on all security matters.  The amendment would help ensure that we devote our limited cargo inspection resources in the most efficient and effective manner. For example, it would impose deep monetary sanctions for failure to comply with information filing requirements, including filing incorrect information. The current penalty is only a few thousand dollars.  The Interagency Commission on Crime and Security in U.S. Seaports found that about half of the information on ship manifests is inaccurate. Let me repeat that--half of the information on ship manifests is inaccurate. This means that many manifests are sloppily done. We cannot afford that.  Finally, the amendment would require Customs to come up with a plan to expand its container security initiative and make better use of its scarce inspection resources. This would help push U.S. authority beyond our Nation's borders and improve our ability to monitor and inspect cargo and containers before they arrive near American shores.  If a weapon of mass destruction arrives at a U.S. seaport, it is too late.  Let me provide a couple of examples of why we need to pass this legislation, and do it fast. Our whole bill is in the Commerce Committee, and Senator McCain has agreed--I think in September--to schedule a hearing on the remainder of the bill.  But, for purposes of this amendment, what we have done is strip out those sections of our larger bill where we believe, first of all, there is not much cost and, second of all, where we believe that it is important to get started.  Today, if a person blows up an airplane, he commits a crime. However, if he blows up an oil tanker, he does not commit a crime--unless he is doing it to injure someone with a commercial interest in the vessel.  In addition, if a person distributes explosives to a non-U.S. national, he commits a crime. But if the same person sows mines in the San Francisco Harbor, he does not commit a crime.  The amendment we offer today will close these loopholes, ensuring that our criminal laws are updated to deal with the current terrorist threat.  Currently, our seaports are the gaping hole in our Nation's defense against terrorism. According to the U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics, 13 million containers--those are 20-foot equivalent units--came into U.S. ports in 2002. However, the Government inspected only about 2 or 3 percent of these containers. The rest were simply waived through. In addition, in almost every case, these inspections occurred after the containers arrived in the United States.  The problem is a single container could contain 60,000 pounds of explosives. That is 10 to 15 times the amount in the Ryder truck used to blow up the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. And a single container ship can carry as many as 8,000 containers at one time.  So containers can and will be easily exploited to detonate a bomb that could destroy a bridge, a seaport, or other critical infrastructure, causing mass destruction and killing thousands.  Worse, a suitcase-sized nuclear device or radiological ``dirty bomb'' could also be installed in a container and shipped to the United States. The odds are that the container would never be inspected. And even if the container was inspected, it would be too late. The weapon would already be in the United States, most likely near a major population center.  In addition, any attack on or through a seaport could have devastating economic consequences. Excluding trade with Mexico and Canada, America's ports handle 95 percent of U.S. trade. Every year, our ports handle over 800 million tons of cargo valued at approximately $600 billion.  In its December 2002 report, the Hart-Rudman Terrorism Tack Force said something interesting:       If an explosive device were loaded in a container and set      off in a port, it would almost automatically raise concern      about the integrity of the 21,000 containers that arrive in      U.S. ports each day and the many thousands more that arrive      by truck and rail across U.S. land borders. A three-to-four-     week closure of U.S. ports would bring the global container      industry to its knees. Megaports such as Rotterdam and      Singapore would have to close. . . . Trucks, trains, and      barges would be stranded outside the terminals with no way to      unload their boxes. Boxes bound for the United States would      have to be unloaded from their outbound ships. Service      contracts would need to be renegotiated. As the system became      gridlocked, so would much of global commerce.  We have worked on this bill with a large number of port people over a substantial period of time. This has not been quickly put together. I thank the Justice Department, the Coast Guard, Customs, the Transportation Security Administration, and leaders of ports in my home State for their assistance with this legislation.  I also thank the working group that helped put our full bill together. This group includes Dick Steinke, executive director of the Port of Long Beach; Rob Quartel, CEO of Freightdesk Technologies; Charles Upchurch, president and CEO of SGS Global Trade Solutions; Jason Clawson, president of JBC International; Stephen Flynn, Senior Fellow, Council on Foreign Relations; Michael Nacht, dean of the Goldman School of Public Policy; Kim Peterson, Executive Director of the Maritime Security Council; and Amanda deBusk, a member of the Interagency Commission on Crime and Security in U.S. Seaports and former Assistant Secretary for Export Enforcement, the Department of Commerce.  Mr. President, this has been vetted. We have passed it through all of the applicable Federal agencies. We must close these loopholes. We must tighten these criminal penalties. We must make one person in charge of security at every port so every agency isn't stumbling over the next agency there.  Senator Kyl has indicated that I speak for him as well. So I hope, the managers of the bill on the floor will be able to accept this amendment or, at the very least, allow us to vote for it and add it to the bill.  Again, I thank the Senator from West Virginia. I know he was ahead of me in line but he very graciously allowed me to proceed first.  I yield the floor.  