  Mr. President, this second-degree amendment to the first-degree ethanolamendment would require the Governor of each State to opt into the ethanol mandate. Senators Nickles, McCain, Kyl, Gregg, Wyden, Leahy, Schumer, Reed, and Sununu are cosponsors of this amendment. I thank them for their support.  The pending first-degree ethanol amendment mandates 5 billion gallons of ethanol into our fuel supply by 2012, yet it exempts Alaska and Hawaii from this nationwide mandate. I strongly believe that each State should have this choice.  In the Environment and Public Works Committee, Senator Murkowski offered an amendment to the ethanol mandate to exempt Alaska and Hawaii from the requirement because, first, Alaska and Hawaii are a great distance from the Midwest, where 99 percent of the ethanol is produced in the United States; secondly, families and businesses in Alaska and Hawaii would have to pay exorbitant costs for ethanol to be shipped to these States and blended into their gasoline.  I have the same concerns about increased fuel costs to families and businesses in California if the ethanol mandate becomes law. I am sure other Senators up and down the east and west coasts have the same concerns I do.  Because moisture causes ethanol to separate from gasoline, the fuel additive cannot be shipped through traditional gasoline pipelines. Ethanol needs to be transported separately by truck, boat, or rail, and blended into gasoline after arrival. Unfortunately, this makes the 1- to 2- to 3-week delivery time from the Midwest to either coast dependent upon good weather conditions as well as available ships, trucks, and trains equipped to handle large amounts of ethanol.  According to Steve Larson, former executive director of the California Energy Commission:       The adequacy of logistics to deliver large volumes of      ethanol to [California] on a consistent basis is uncertain.  In sum, it will be extremely costly to ship large amounts of ethanol to California and other States.  I believe every State outside the Midwest will have to grapple with how to bring ethanol to their States since the Midwest controls 99 percent of the production. Last year, the General Accounting Office indicated how unequal the effects of the mandate will be across the Nation. As the GAO reported:       Ethanol imports from other regions are vital. However, any      potential price spike could be exacerbated if it takes too      long for supplies from out-of-State (primarily the Midwest,      where virtually all of the production capacity is located).  Mr. President, on the issue of increased costs, let me quote from a Wall Street Journal editorial that ran last year:       If consumers think the Federal gas tax is ugly, this new      ethanol tax will give them shudders. Moving ethanol to places      outside the Midwest involves big shipping fees or building      new capacity. Refiners also face costs in adding ethanol to      their products. According to independent consultant Hart      Downstream Energy Services, the mandate would cost consumers      an extra annual $8.4 billion at the pump the first 5 years.      New York and California would see gas prices rise by 7 to 10      cents a gallon.  So Hart Downstream Energy Services is estimating an annual $8.4 billion increase cost at the pump over the first 5 years. They are saying that New York and California would see gas prices rise by 7 to 10 cents a gallon. Therefore, any shortfall in supply, either because of manipulation or raw market forces, will be exacerbated on the west and the east coasts, which will be reliant on ethanol coming from another region of the United States. Are we not just asking for trouble by mandating ethanol nationwide if it is produced almost entirely in one region?  The fraud and manipulation that went into the California energy market 2 years ago wasn't expected, nor did anyone ever believe it would happen. But it did. I think there is a problem when you concentrate too much control in either one region or in one producer. As you know, this bill does both. The largest production center is the Midwest, and the largest producer is Archer Daniels Midland, and they produce 46 percent of the supply. This sets up a scenario that leads to the concern, I believe, of both coasts about this mandate.  Since Alaska and Hawaii have an exemption in the ethanol mandate, why not give other States the opportunity to choose whether they want to enter the program? Why not give this choice to California, Oregon, Washington, Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida? These are States that are far from the Midwest but where families and businesses will have to pay more for gasoline under the ethanol mandate.  This ethanol mandate forces ethanol into our fuel supply nationwide, and under the credit trading provisions of the mandate, if States do not use the ethanol, they have to pay for it anyway. This really adds insult to injury. If you do not use it, you have to pay for it anyway. What kind of public policy is that?  Additionally, forcing States to use ethanol they do not need and forcing States to pay for ethanol they do not use amounts to a transfer of wealth from all States to the midwest corn States.  Remember, ethanol is not necessary to achieve cleaner air. For California, the ethanol mandate will force more ethanol into our fuel supply than we actually need to achieve clean air. Once again, I will show you that chart because the cumulative answer to this chart is that it forces California to use 2.5 billion gallons of ethanol it does not need over 8 years, and that is fact.  If the ethanol amendment proves itself, if it cleans the air and does not pollute the air with increased ozone or smog and if it is cost effective, Governors will want to include their States. In fact, I believe most States in the Midwest will opt into the ethanol mandate because that is where 99 percent of the ethanol is produced.  The belief is there are 69 votes to support this ethanol mandate in this House. If that is true, what are they worried about? We would have 34 or 35 States automatically opting in. Why not give those few States that have real concerns and want out of the 2-percent oxygenate mandate and also out of the ethanol mandate the opportunity to show that they can reformulate gasoline to meet clean air standards without the amount that is prescribed upon them by this mandate?  This year we saw retail gasoline prices across the U.S. In the United States, retail gas prices rose from $1.44 to $1.73 per gallon over the first 10 weeks of this year. California's gasoline prices rose even more precipitously than across the United States, climbing from $1.58 a gallon on January 1 to a record setting $2.15 a gallon on March 17.  I recall on a recent weekend during that period when I was in the State, I actually paid, for the first time in my life, $50 for a tankful of nonpremium gasoline.  Since the middle of March, gasoline prices have decreased largely due to the decrease in the price of crude oil since the war in Iraq has ended. But gasoline in my State still sells for around $1.80. That is still up 30 cents from the beginning of the year.  One reason prices are so high is that the 1990 Clean Air Act required States to use fuel additives, called oxygenates, that we no longer need to achieve cleaner air. This ethanol mandate offered by the majority and minority leaders will only trade one bad requirement, the 2-percent oxygenate requirement, for another, the ethanol mandate, because now we will be mandating 5 billion gallons of ethanol into our fuel supply.  Since there are high costs for States, such as California, to comply with any mandated Federal requirement, and these costs are passed on, as we all know, to drivers at the pump, the ethanol mandate amounts effectively to a hidden gas tax, and I think consumers should know that. In fact, when we pass this mandate, not only are we passing subsidies for the industry, not only are we mandating its use, but we are also providing a gas tax raise.  Instead of mandating 5 billion gallons of ethanol into our fuel supply, we should be lifting all mandates, or at least allow the Governor of a State to opt in to this mandate if that State wishes to. We need to provide flexibility to refiners for them to optimize how and what they blend instead of forcing them to blend gasoline with either MTBE or ethanol.  Without eliminating these mandates, we can expect disruptions and price spikes during the peak driving months of this summer, on top of the high price motorists are already paying.  Bob Slaughter, the president of the National Petrochemical and Refiners Association, wrote in a letter to all Senators last week:       Forcing ethanol's use throughout the Nation will reduce      flexibility in this Nation's gasoline manufacturing and      distribution system, raise environmental concerns in ozone      control areas--  For me, that is the Los Angeles area and the Fresno Central Valley area--     and will result in increased costs. And this is in addition      to the fact that the product is uneconomic without the very      significant Federal subsidies--a total of roughly $10      billion--it has received for 25 years.  This is not me saying this. This is the president of the National Petrochemical and Refiners Association pointing out that ethanol to date has received roughly a $10 billion subsidy which this bill, of course, continues, and increases.  Proponents of the ethanol mandate argue that gas price increases will be minimal, but their projections do not take into consideration the real-world infrastructure constraints and concentration in the market that I have just pointed out on this chart--concentration in the marketplace that could lead to price spikes. If I have ever seen a scenario that lends itself to control of the marketplace and to potential antitrust violations, it is this one.  Just look at the disparity. It is not spread out evenly: 46 percent for one company; Williams, 6 percent; Cargill, 5 percent; High Plains Corporation, 4 percent; New Energy Corporation, 4 percent; Midwest Grain, 3 percent; and Chief Ethanol, 3 percent. If I have ever seen a scenario for market concentration, it is this one.  The second-degree amendment I have offered will require the Governor of a State to opt into the ethanol mandate. If the amendment offered by the two leaders is so fine, so good, so beneficial for all of America, then Governors should want to include their States.  The Senators from Alaska and Hawaii have worked to allow their States to be exempted from this mandate. That is the first break in the dike. They said they did not even want to try it. I believe, and the cosponsors of this amendment believe, each and every State should have this choice.  If this program, as put forward by the leaders, is so fine, the Governors will opt in. If they believe it enables their State to have cleaner air, the Governors will opt in. If they believe they can produce the adequate infrastructure, the Governors will opt in. If they believe they want to see the tariff protection, the subsidies, the potential taxes at the pump, their Governor will opt in. But to force it on a State, when that State does not require it, when it can meet the clean air standards in another way, I believe is wrong-headed and short-sighted public policy.  I urge my colleagues to support this second-degree amendment.  Before I yield the floor, I remind the Chair I have offered two separate amendments, the EPA waiver first and the State opt-in as a second freestanding amendment.  I yield the floor.  