 President, I join with my colleague, Senator Boxer, with some remarks about the fire. This fire is actually far more serious than any fire I have seen, and I have spent some time now becoming familiar with forestry practices and fires.  Before a fire is under control, it has to be contained, and virtually no aspect of these 10 fires are contained tonight. As my colleague said, they have taken 13 lives; they have destroyed 1,100 homes; they have burned over 400,000 acres, and that is two-thirds the size of Rhode Island. Virtually no fire is contained and firefighters must conduct an evacuation to move people out.  Senator Boxer gave you the latest figures on some of these fires. But there is one fire I wish to point out and that is the fire heading toward San Diego. Mayor Murphy of San Diego said to me last night that the fire is pointed like a spear into the heart of San Diego. It is running through housing projects, crossing freeways, and it is extremely dangerous. These fires are virtually all over--from Los Angeles down to the Mexican border. I will soon print in the Record the specific statistics about each one.  Like my colleague, I spoke four times with Mike Brown. He was in Albuquerque. I am pleased that he is headed to southern California. He has cut redtape, brought in 22 additional engines, 3 strike teams, firefighters from northern California are headed to the south, and teams coming in from surrounding States. We are very grateful for that.  I am also grateful to the President for declaring a Federal state of emergency for San Bernardino, San Diego, Ventura, and Los Angeles Counties.  The State declaration has also been called by Governor Davis, and Federal disaster assistance will now include aid to individuals and households, aid to public agencies for emergency services, and repair or replacement of disaster-damaged public facilities, and funding for measures designed to reduce losses to property. The Federal Government has already provided fire management assistance grants for at least eight wildfires in southern California. These grants reimburse the State for 75 percent of the cost of fighting the fire.  My sadness and concern about these wildfires are not confined to those who lost their lives and their properties, but it is also the reality that they were entirely predictable, and new ones will also burn across my State.  I believe we must take steps now to reduce the harm of forest fires. These conditions are all familiar to us--drought, densely packed forests, unhealthily crowded with little trees. For decades, we have put out the ground fires that would otherwise clear out the brush. The result is huge fuel loads of small trees and brush, which is perfect kindling for a catastrophic fire. In areas such as San Diego County, where there is more brush than forests, fire suppression has likewise created such a tangle of brush that fires often cannot be stopped.  The Santa Ana winds are another factor. These hot, dry winds blow often in the fall, and they don't just occur in southern California. The 1991 fire in Oakland and Berkley was fanned by similar devastating winds. They come every year. We know they are coming, yet we have not adjusted our forest practices to deal with them.  Hundreds of thousands of dead and dying trees from infestation, such as the bark beetle, remain untreated, trees unremoved, with as many as 90,000 people living in bark beetle-infested forests in San Bernardino County, with only one-leg roads to get them out in case of catastrophe.  With all these conditions for disaster in place, I have feared for some time now that California could face a devastating season of wildfires, and that seems to be just what is happening right now. So I believe we need to take action now, not just to correct our mismanagement of the forests and the brush but for a more basic reason.  We need to act in advance because of the terrible fact that most of the deaths that occurred in these fires did so because people had too little time to escape. At least seven people, so far, have died as they tried to escape the cedar fire in the narrow Wildcat Canyon area near the Barona Ranch Indian Reservation in San Diego County. People died on foot, people died in their cars, people died still trapped in their homes. At least two children died while trying to escape with their parents.  The fires travel just too quickly, and hillside roads are too narrow and too winding to count on people being able to get out.  Let me give you one story. Violet Ingrum lived in San Diego's Scripps Ranch neighborhood. She went to bed Saturday night worried mainly about her daughter, who lives in Hollywood, and the danger of potential wildfires to her daughter's home. Only a few hours later, she woke up to a howling wind and the horrifying sight of flames beyond her back fence and debris falling into her swimming pool. She only had time to grab her two cats and two photo albums, and one of her cats jumped out of the car before she could get away. But she was a lucky one. So I believe very deeply that we need to act now to reduce the threat from these wildfires and to give our firefighters a better chance to defend our communities.  We were able to get Congress to approve $30 million last month in fiscal 2003 funds to help battle the bark beetle, and I am urging the Forest Service to put those funds to work immediately. That is an important step forward, but we need broader measures to reduce the threat from our forests.  I am delighted that the chairman of the Agriculture Committee is on the floor tonight, Senator Thad Cochran, because we have worked with him to produce a compromise bill that I hope will be on the floor of the Senate soon. I hope it will be passed because this bill, which can get 60 votes, is the only chance that this Congress has an opportunity to pass a hazard fuels mitigation program this year.  The fact is, there are 57 million acres of Federal land at the highest risk of catastrophic fire, including 8.5 million acres in California alone. In the past 5 years, wildfires like the ones going on today have raged through 26.9 million acres, including over 2 million acres in California.  In response to these threats, an agreement has been reached by a bipartisan group of 10 Senators to protect our forests from catastrophic fire by expediting the thinning of hazardous fuels and, at the same time, provide the first legal protection for old-growth trees in our Nation's history. Those who have participated, along with myself, in the lengthy negotiations--2 years now--leading up to this agreement include Senators Thad Cochran, Ron Wyden, Larry Craig, Mike Crapo, Pete Domenici, Jon Kyl, Blanche Lincoln, John McCain, and Max Baucus.  Legislation implementing the agreement as a proposed substitute amendment to title I of H.R. 1904, the House-passed Healthy Forest bill, was filed by Senator Cochran, chairman of the Agriculture Committee, on October 2. Yet there have been objections raised to proceeding with this bipartisan substitute amendment.  I urge my colleagues in the strongest possible terms to support this legislation so we can defend our communities and protect our forests.  I wish to take a few moments because if ever there is a time to look at this kind of legislation it is now. I wish to spend a few moments and describe exactly what the legislation would do.  It would establish an expedited process so the Forest Service and the Department of Interior can get to work on brush-clearing projects to minimize the risk of catastrophic wildfire. Up to 20 million acres of lands near communities, municipal watersheds, and other high-risk areas are included in our project. This includes lands that have suffered from serious wind damage or insect infestations, such as the bark beetle.  