 President, I rise to speak about charges that the ongoing filibuster against Miguel Estrada is somehow unconstitutional, as some have claimed.  I take this job very seriously, and it is not often that I support preventing an up or down vote on any issue. In fact, this is the only time I have ever supported a filibuster against a judicial nominee, and I do so for very specific reasons, as do so many of my Democratic colleagues.  Contrary to the charges we have been hearing over the last few days, I believe this filibuster is precisely what the Founders of this Nation had in mind when they created a three-branched system of government with checks, balances, advice and consent.  This filibuster is not about preventing a conservative nominee from getting onto the court. Rather, this filibuster is about a failure of this administration to adequately seek the advice and participation of the U.S. Senate in the judicial nominations process, particularly with regard to this nominee.  I have spoken several times about Mr. Estrada specifically, and each time I have been clear, as have my colleagues--this is a nominee about whom we know very, very little, and he and this administration have simply not done enough to give us the kind of information we need to properly perform our constitutional duty of advice and consent. Because we are prevented from performing this constitutional duty, we have been forced to resort to a procedure, well within the Senate rules and by no means unprecedented, to enforce those rights.  The filibuster is one of the key devices throughout our nation's history that has protected the right of the minority party, or even of one Senator. Without a filibuster right on nominations, there might never be advice and consent at all. And that would turn the Constitution on its head.  My colleagues on the other side of the aisle have attempted to make much of the fact that the Constitution does not provide for a ``super-majority'' vote on nominations, unlike constitutional amendments or treaties. This is true--the Constitution is silent on the issue of how many votes a nomination should take.  But the Constitution is equally silent about how many votes it would take to proceed to other measures as well--a patient's bill of rights, for example. Or a ban on human cloning. Or the assault weapons ban. Or education bills. Or even major civil rights legislation. Yet nobody argues that it would be unconstitutional for one or more Senators to filibuster these bills. Unwise, perhaps. Subject to public outcry, maybe. A legitimate subject of reasoned debate, absolutely. But unconstitutional? No.  Now let me address the issue of whether this filibuster is ``unprecedented,'' as some have charged. If we look at the facts, we soon see that the only really unprecedented aspect of this filibuster may be its success. Many have tried, but few have succeeded. And this may be a good indication of how strongly we feel about enforcing our constitutional role of advice and consent to this and other nominations now before us.  The majority now argues that any filibuster of a judicial nominee is unconstitutional because it essentially establishes a new, 60-vote threshold for judicial nominees. But this 60-vote threshold has long been in place forcontroversial nominees facing objections from one or more Senators.  Again, the only real difference between the situation with Miguel Estrada and the situations where cloture votes were required on other nominees is that here, today, there are not enough votes to meet that 60-vote threshold.  The procedure is the same--a cloture vote.  The debate is the same--over a nomination to the federal judiciary.  Only the outcome is different, and I don't see how the outcome can determine the constitutionality of the process.  Let me list some other filibusters and cloture votes throughout recent history.  In 1968, Abe Fortas was actually prevented from becoming Chief Justice of the Supreme Court by filibuster. The other side may argue that this was a bipartisan filibuster, and they are right--but this is not the point. The point is, a filibuster was used as a tool, and the nomination failed.  In 1980, Stephen Breyer had to go through two cloture motions to obtain a seat on the First Circuit--to debate, Miguel Estrada has only had one cloture vote.  In 1994, a cloture vote finally stopped a filibuster against Rosemary Barkett, a nominee to the 11th Circuit.  In 1994, H. Lee Sarokin's nomination to the Third Circuit required a cloture vote before it could proceed.  In 2000, the nominations of both Marsha Berzon and Richard Paez to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals--nominations which had been stopped dead in their tracks literally for years by that time--underwent cloture votes. Richard Paez had waited for more than 1,500 days before he was given that cloture vote.  To be perfectly frank, hearing these charges from the other side of the aisle is surprising given how many other Clinton nominees were stopped cold by secret holds and other parliamentary tactics, both in committee and on the floor.  For instance, Elena Kagan was a Clinton nominee to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals--the same circuit to which Miguel Estrada is now nominated. In fact, Ms. Kagan was Miguel Estrada's supervising editor on the Harvard law review, yet Republicans stopped her nomination cold without even getting to the point of a filibuster, or a public accounting of who was for, and who was against, that nominee.  Elena Kagan was never filibustered on the floor, but she was effectively ``filibustered'' in committee by one or two Senators who prevented a hearing or a committee vote.  Other nominees to the circuit courts who were denied hearings or committee votes include Helene White for the Sixth Circuit, Jorge Rangel for the Fifth Circuit, Bonnie Campbell for the Eighth Circuit, and the list goes on and on. In fact, dozens of Clinton nominees were blocked in committee by anonymous holds or other obstructionist tactics, so there was no need for a filibuster on the floor.  It is most surprising to hear these charges of unconstitutionality from the other side of the aisle, given that many of my Republican colleagues actually participated in filibusters against Clinton nominees.  Richard Paez, for example, was one of President Clinton's Hispanic nominees to the circuit court, and he could not move on the floor until a cloture petition was filed. When the vote finally came to end the filibuster, the majority of the Senate voted to do so and Richard Paez is now a federal judge.  But many of my Republican colleagues voted to continue that filibuster, just three short years ago. Indeed, almost exactly three years ago, on March 8, 2000, fourteen Republican Senators voted to continue the filibuster against Richard Paez, including some of those who now argue that filibusters themselves are unconstitutional.  And when the cloture vote came on that same day for Marsha Berzon, another Clinton nominee who waited years for a hearing and up or down vote, thirteen Republican Senators voted to continue that filibuster as well.  How can these Senators now argue that this filibuster is unconstitutional? Is it only unconstitutional when Democrats filibuster a nominee, but constitutional for Republicans to do the same? Is it only unconstitutional if the filibuster succeeds?  The fact is, this filibuster is very constitutional, and in fact it may even be necessary to enforce the constitution's other provisions, such as the advice and consent power granted to the U.S. Senate.  I do not relish where we find ourselves today, nor do any of my colleagues--on either side of the aisle.  We stand poised to enter a war against Iraq, and under the constant threat of international terrorism. Our budgets are running at record deficits, the economy is still in trouble, and we recently reorganized our entire homeland security apparatus. All of these issues require the attention in this body.  The nominations debate is clearly very important to the future of our judiciary and to the rule of law for decades to come, and there is no question that this issue should not, can not, and will not, be ignored.  But we should be concentrating our efforts, and our limited resources in terms of time, staff and attention, on these other important issues as well.  It is clear now that Miguel Estrada will not become a federal judge unless our requests are met. Any further debate on this nominee is really a distraction from the many other important issues we should address.  I appreciate the attendance of the distinguished Vice President of the United States here today, and I appreciate the gravity of this debate.  But I urge the Republican leader and my colleagues to move beyond this debate so we can resolve these other, very important issues.  