  So my point is that much of what has been happening in the Judiciary Committee has been to make it more confrontational. The blue slips are an excellent case in point. Changing when the American Bar Association ratings are known is a good point.  I remember during the Clinton administration when the ratings weredone earlier and I had to call a nominee and tell them that because they had been out of the practice of law for a period of time, they were deemed unqualified by the American Bar Association and the President was not going to move their nomination. So without embarrassment to the individual, that nomination was withdrawn.  Today, you do not get the American Bar Association's qualified or partially qualified or unqualified rating until after the nominee is on the Hill.  Now there are those who do not think the American Bar Association's evaluation is worth anything. There are those on the committee who believe it is. So there is a difference in point of view. But at least have the qualification or nonqualification done early enough so that it can save the individual humiliation and also play a major role.  Let me talk for a minute about rule IV because I think rule IV again divided our committee in a way that it did not have to be. Rule IV has been a Senate tradition. It is a rule. It is a hard and fast rule. It prevents closing off debate on a nominee unless at least one member of the minority agrees to do so. Twice this rule has been reinterpreted, really violated, and votes have been forced on nominees well before debate has ended. The committee's rule in question contains the following language:       The chairman shall entertain a nondebatable motion to bring      a matter before the committee to a vote. If there is      objection to bringing the matter to a vote without further      debate, a rollcall of the committee shall be taken and debate      shall be terminated if the motion to bring the matter to a      vote without further debate passes with 10 votes in the      affirmative, 1 of which must be cast by the minority.  That enables the minority to delay a matter. It is in the rules of the committee to give it more time. This rule is not being followed.  This is one of the only protections the minority party has in the Judiciary Committee. Without it, there might never be debate at all. A chairman could convene a markup, demand a vote, and the entire process would take 2 minutes. This is not how a deliberative body should function. More importantly, it is contrary to our rules. That is one of the reasons we are where we are today.  This rule was first instituted in 1979 when Senator Kennedy was chairman of the Judiciary Committee. It has been followed to the letter until very recently.  This is a nation of laws. We expect these laws to be obeyed even if they are just Judiciary Committee rules.  Let me give another situation, and that is ignoring traditional State vacancies. There is also a willingness by this administration to simply change the playing field if they do not like a result. Fourth Circuit nominee Claude Allen is one such instance. He is from Virginia. He has been nominated for a position that has traditionally been filled from Maryland. Why? Because President Bush became frustrated that Maryland's two Democratic Senators would not sign off on the nominees he wanted for that position. So he decided to simply go where he could find more friendly company--Virginia's two Republican Senators.  This stark determination to simply fill the bench with conservative jurists at all costs is what gives the minority in the Senate pause when considering whether to simply approve every Bush judge who comes our way or make a stand on some. We have chosen to make a stand on some. There are other attempts to ignore the minority. There are little things as well, things that add up over time to give the clear impression that the majority does not care about the needs or the will of the minority. That simply serves to create, increasingly, a bunker mentality among Democrats in today's Senate.  For instance, earlier this session, the Judiciary Committee scheduled a hearing with three very controversial circuit court nominees on a single panel for an appellate court.  