 President, this amendment has to do with providing some regulatory oversight over energy trading. It has to do with closing the Enron loophole. It has to do with providing transparency. Energy trades today are not subject to the 2000-passed Commodity Modernization Act. Rather, these energy trades take place electronically, take place in secret, without transparency, with no records kept, with no audit trail available, and with no regulatory oversight to prevent fraud and manipulation in energy trading.  I would like, first of all, from the Derivatives Study Center, to indicate and read a couple of paragraphs from the letter they have sent, which I think defines the issue very well.  I quote:       This regulatory assistance comes at a critical time.      According to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's      Director of the Office of Market Oversight, ``energy markets      are in severe financial distress.'' Along with the decline in      credit quality in these markets, the loss of confidence and      trust has led to a ruin in the liquidity and depth of these      markets. This legislation will go a long way to address this      problem.  Then he defines what derivatives are. This is important for Members to know. It is complicated. We went through this once before. I would like to give you this definition because it is a good one:       Derivatives are highly leveraged financial transactions,      allowing investors to potentially take a large position in      the market without committing an equivalent amount of      capital. Moreover, derivatives traded in over-the-counter      markets are devoid of the transparency that characterizes      exchange-traded derivatives, such as futures, and this lack      of transparency introduces a greater potential for abuse      through fraud and manipulation.  That is exactly what happened. He goes on to say:       Derivatives are often combined into highly complex,      structured transactions that are difficult, even for the      seasoned securities trader and finance professionals, to      understand and price in the market. Enron used such over-the-     counter derivatives extensively in order to hide the nature      of their activities from investors. The failure of Enron and      the demise of other energy derivatives dealers has had a      devastating impact on the level of trust in energy markets.  That is a good definition of what we are trying to do, why we are trying to do it, and what we are trying to involve.  Now I would like to read into the Record a portion of a letter from Eliot Spitzer. Mr. Spitzer is the attorney general of the State of New York. That is the place where many of these cases are now coming to trial.  He says:       I firmly support your efforts to make energy markets      competitive and protect those markets from fraud and      manipulation. The bill sponsored by Senators Feinstein,      Levin, and Lugar, and under consideration as an amendment to      the proposed 2004 agricultural appropriations bill, is a      major step toward both goals.  He goes on to say:       The amendment makes a major contribution to competitive      energy markets by initiating an electronic information system      to be operated through the Federal Energy Regulatory      Commission. This system will provide open access to      comprehensive, timely, and reliable wholesale electricity and      transmission, price and supply data, greatly expanding the      choices of both buyers and sellers. In addition, the      reliability of market information would be markedly improved      by the amendment's general prohibition on manipulation of the      purchase or sale of electricity or the transmission services      needed to deliver electricity, and by specific prohibition of      the round-trip trading manipulation used so effectively to      inflate electricity prices to the public's injury.  This is a letter from the attorney general of the State of New York. As such, it places an imprimatur of correctness, of need, and of value on the amendment that we introduce today.  Now, what is in that amendment? Specifically, the amendment would improve price transparency in wholesale electricity markets. The amendment directs the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to do just what Mr. Spitzer said it would do: to establish an electronic system to provide information about the price and availability of wholesale electricity to buyers, to sellers, and to the public. This provision is actually similar to the transparency provision offered by my colleague from New Mexico, Senator Domenici, in the Energy bill.  Secondly, this legislation would prohibit round-trip electricity trades. What is a round-trip trade? It is the simultaneous buying and selling of the same quantity of electricity at the same price, in the same location, with no financial gain or loss. In other words, no commodity ever changes hands. Again, this is similar to a provision that Senator Domenici offered during consideration of the Energy bill. Round-trip or wash trades are bogus trades. No electricity changes hands but the profits from the trades enrich the bottom line of a company's financial report.  In fact, I think we had one company--I believe it was CMS--say that 80 percent of their balance sheet in a given year was from bogus trades. And there is nothing we can do about it? Does anyone believe that is right? I think not. I don't think the American people do, and that is one of the reasons these markets are so decimated.  Next we would increase penalties for violations of the Federal Power Act and the Natural Gas Act. Maximum fines for violations of the Federal Power Act would be increased from $5,000--that is nothing to a big company--to $1 million. And maximum sentences are increased from 2 to 5 years. Remember, these rip-offs were tremendous. Just look at the people plea-bargaining from Enron, look at what they did, look at the amounts of money they fraudulently compromised.  This language is identical to section 209 of the Senate-passed Energy bill. Current fines are extraordinarily low and, therefore, provide no deterrence to illegal activity.  We also amend the Natural Gas Act to do essentially the same thing. Senator Domenici, in his substitute electricity title to the Energy bill, increased the fines in the Gas Act but he did not do so in the Federal Power Act. We would do both in this amendment.  Next the amendment would prohibit manipulation in electricity markets. Manipulation is prohibited in the wholesale electricity markets, and FERC is given discretionary authority to revoke market-based rates for violators.  Strangely enough, manipulation of energy markets is not prohibited in current law. Can you believe that? Manipulation of energy markets is not prohibited in current law. This would add language to part 2 of the Federal Power Act to do just that.  Most importantly, this bill would repeal the Enron exemption and allow the Commodities Futures Trading Commission, which has oversight over virtually all other trading, to monitor the over-the-counter energy market.  This would repeal what happened in 2000 when Enron pushed the Commodities Futures Modernization Act exemption for large traders in energy commodities. And it would apply antimanipulation and antifraud provisions of the Commodities Exchange Act to all over-the-counter trades in energy commodities and derivatives.  In my view, when Congress exempted energy from the Commodities Futures Modernization Act of 2000, it created the playing field for the western energy crisis of 2000 and 2001. The western energy crisis cost millions of people millions of dollars in my home State of California. So this is a charge I am making. When this Congress permittedthe Enron loophole to exist in the Commodities Modernization Act, they created the loophole for the playing field that Enron and others used to manipulate the western energy markets.  Next, our bill would provide the Commodity Futures Trading Commission the tools to monitor over-the-counter energy markets. Over-the-counter energy trade in energy commodities and derivatives performs a significant price discovery function, including trade on electronic trading facilities. Our amendment requires large, sophisticated traders to keep records and report large trades to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. This doesn't change the law. It only applies the law that exists for futures contracts to over-the-counter trades in energy markets.  We would limit the use of data. This requires the CFTC to seek the information that is necessary for the limited purpose of detecting and preventing manipulations in the futures and over-the-counter markets for energy, to keep proprietary business data confidential, except when used for law enforcement purposes. This does not require the real-time publication of proprietary data. It does not.  This would have no effect on nonenergy commodities or derivatives. The amendment would not alter or affect the regulation of futures markets, financial derivatives, or metals. We have specifically stated on page 20 the following:       The amendments by this title have no effect on the      regulation of excluded commodities under the Commodity      Exchange Act.  In addition, we state:       The amendments made by this title have no effect on the      regulation of metals under the Commodity Exchange Act.  Mr. President, my colleagues may be asking themselves why I continue to press this cause. Here I note that Senator Levin has come to the floor. I want the Senate to know how helpful the Senator from Michigan has been in working on this complicated issue. He has spent hours and hours of his time. His staff has worked with my staff in evolving this measure. We have carefully vetted it. I believe we really know what we are doing here.  The energy crisis in the West demonstrated that, without Federal oversight, a business becomes solely concerned with its bottom line and not with any sense of ethical behavior; and arrests and convictions to date have clearly documented this to be the case.  Californians are still paying the price of this unethical behavior. I make the point that we are not talking about one bad player in the California market. This goes way beyond Enron. It extends to others as well--to Reliant, Dynegy, Williams, AEP, CMS, El Paso Merchant Energy, Duke, Mirant, Coral, Sempra Energy Trading--unfortunately, in my own State--Aquila, the City of Redding, Morgan Stanley Capital Group, Pacificorps, and to the Puget Sound Energy.  We believe California was duped out of $9 billion. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has illustrated its inability to refund California the money it is owed by recently recommending settlements that in no way, shape, or form reflect the damage that was caused to both consumers and the economy of the largest State in the Union. In fact, FERC settled with Reliant on August 29, allowed them not to admit wrongdoing, and fined them $836,000. That was $836,000 for rules of conduct that cost the State $13 million--hardly fair.  This disproportionately low fine gives credibility to the fact that the price one would have to pay in penalties, if caught manipulating the market, is worth the risk since the benefits of not getting caught far outweigh any penalty that may be levied upon a company.  I think it is pretty clear that this disproportionately low fine gives credibility to the fact that the price one would have to pay in penalties, if caught manipulating in the market today, is worth the risk. There is no deterrence, since the benefits of not getting caught far outweigh any penalties that may be levied on a company. That is what we are trying to change.  If I left any doubt in my colleagues' minds about the widespread manipulation that took place during the western energy crisis, let me point out some recent examples of a case that was brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission against David Delaney, a former chief executive with two of the most prominent divisions of Enron.  On October 30, 2002, Delaney pled guilty to insider trading. The SEC brought charges against him for selling millions of dollars in Enron stock at a time he knew it was being manipulated. While these charges appear to be financial in nature, the underlying facts of the case were that Enron was engaged in manipulative business practices, especially in California.  In March of 2003, the FERC staff report on price manipulation in western markets: Investigators said they suspected Enron was using price information obtained in regulated deals to manipulate trades in unregulated energy derivative markets.  In one instance, Enron manipulated the price of physical gas, upward, then downward. Although the price change in the physical markets was only 10 cents per million Btus, Enron profited due to the effect that this small change in the physical price had on its large financial position. Enron earned more than $3 million in the unregulated over-the-counter markets, while losing only $86,000 on the physical sale of natural gas.  I think it is important to note that the FERC report also states:       Enron's corporate culture fostered a disregard for the      American energy customer. The success of the company's      trading strategies, while temporary, demonstrates the need      for explicit prohibitions on harmful and fraudulent market      behavior and for aggressive market monitoring and      enforcement.  That is what we are trying to provide in this amendment. That is what FERC says is missing.  Our amendment would provide greater oversight over these markets so that fraudulent and manipulative behavior could be prevented. It would increase the penalties if, in fact, a company engaged in fraudulent or manipulative behavior, and it would outlaw all types of manipulation including round-trip trading, wash trades, false reporting, churning, and deliberately withholding generation. All of the Enron trading strategies, such as Ricochet, Death Star, Get Shorty, Fat Boy, Non-Firm Export, Load Shift, Wheel Out, Black Widow, Red Congo, and Cuddly Bear: these are euphemisms for fraud and manipulation and our amendment would cover them all.  It is not clear to me why energy derivatives are not regulated while the Federal Government oversees some physical energy transactions. In other words, if I buy natural gas, and it is delivered to me, then that transaction is overseen by FERC, which has the authority to ensure that this transaction is both transparent and reasonably priced.  But a giant loophole is opened where there is no Government oversight, when transactions are carried out in electronic exchanges. As a result, if I sell natural gas to you, and you sell it to someone else who sells it to another person who then sells it again, none of these transactions are covered by FERC or the CFTC. Because of that, what we saw in the western energy crisis is that this particular loophole allowed energy companies to manipulate prices and to escape any investigation or prosecution by any regulatory agency.  Our amendment will close the loophole, as Senator Levin said, created in 2000 when Congress passed the Commodities Futures Modernization Act.  The loophole exempted energy trading from regulatory oversight, and it excluded it completely if the trade was done electronically. At the time, Enron was the main force behind getting this exemption in this act. By closing this loophole, the amendment will prohibit fraud and price manipulation in all over-the-counter energy commodity transactions and provide the CFTC the authority it needs to investigate and prosecute allegations of fraud and manipulation.  Opponents of this amendment have questioned why we need to explicitly give the CFTC this authority. The answer is we need to give the Commodities Futures Trading Commission this authority because we learned during the western energy crisis that there was, in fact, pervasive manipulation and fraud in energy markets, and that FERC and the CFTC were either unable or unwilling to use the authority theyhad to intervene. I think Mr. Delaney's plea bargain is eloquent testimony to that.  We need to give the CFTC this authority because we need regulators to protect consumers and make sure they are not taken advantage of. We need to give the CFTC this authority because, when there are inadequate regulations, consumers are ripped off. Let me be clear. Our amendment will provide the same protections to consumers in energy markets as these same consumers have in all other commodity markets such as the New York Merchantile Exchange or the Chicago Merchantile Exchange. Our amendment does not provide more regulation or greater oversight than what currently exists for other commodity markets, merely the same protections: Protections which are currently lacking.  In fact, in an effort to avoid onerous or complicated requirements, Senator Levin, Senator Lugar, and I have worked together to make sure the recordkeeping and reporting requirements are very clear. Our amendment only requires traders to keep records of over-the-counter trades in energy commodities and derivatives that perform a significant price discovery function. In other words, these are the trades that affect the pricing for everyone. These are the big trades, and these are the trades where there needs to be transparency because they affect the market.  If I am a large company and I sell you 1,000 decatherms of natural gas in a typical transaction on the spot market, this is a price discovery transaction because the prices of these transactions are usually covered and reported by the press and will affect prices of subsequent transactions. Trades on electronic markets serve, by their very nature, as price discovery functions. They should be available for everyone to see because they will very likely influence what price the next trader will buy or sell at in an open and transparent fashion.  Our amendment would require traders to keep records of their trades and to maintain an audit trail. This requirement would simply regulate energy trading in the same way other finite commodities are handled. Why should pork bellies or frozen concentrated orange juice have more protection for consumers than electricity?  There is nothing in this amendment that should be burdensome for traders in any way. I would think responsible traders would already be keeping records and maintaining an audit trail for their own protection in this world. In fact, the amendment only allows the CFTC to seek information to investigate allegations of wrongdoing.  We have worked for almost 3 years to craft this provision. It has had hearings in the committee. It has been discussed on the floor. We have met with dozens of people. We understand there are those who do not want to support it. But in not supporting it, what they are doing is condoning a marketplace that has practiced deep fraud and deep manipulation and for the most part gotten away with it.  I don't think we do our job as Senators if we can't protect an unsuspecting public. As the Derivative Center pointed out, these markets are in disarray now. Why are these markets in disarray? They are in disarray because people do not have confidence in them. They are in disarray because there is no transparency because there are hidden markets, and when they explode, they explode big time.  Why should Mrs. Smith from Texas or Mr. Jones from Pennsylvania or Mr. Cornyn from Texas invest in these markets? Why should he? He wouldn't have confidence in them. He would have no transparency. He would have no ability to know what is going on.  What we are trying to do is put that confidence back in the marketplace by providing some prudent, commonsense, antifraud, antimanipulation oversight by saying: If you trade this way, you must keep a record of the trade. You must keep an audit trail. And these trades must be transparent so that the Smiths, the Jones, and the Cornyns, if they so desire, can find out what in fact is going on.  Let me stress that this does not impact financial derivatives in any way whatsoever. We have clarified that. Our opponents persist in using the argument that financial derivatives are affected. They are not. Look at page 20, lines 17 to 20, if you want to see it in black and white. Nothing in this provision affects the authority of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. We don't change it in any way.  To respond to concerns about trading platforms that only match buyers and sellers, there is no capital requirement. Let me repeat that because people are going around saying there is. To respond to concerns about trading platforms that only match buyers and sellers, there is no capital requirement.  Bottom line: Our amendment merely gives back to the CFTC most of the authority it had before Congress passed the Commodity Futures Exchange Act.  I note that Senator Levin is in the Chamber. I wonder if it would be appropriate for him, if other Members would agree, to make some comments at this time.  