 President, I will make my remarks as if in morning business, but my remarks pertain to the HUD-VA bill, and in particular to the small engine provision of that bill.  If Members will remember, the Senator from Missouri, in the Appropriations Committee, placed an environmental rider into the HUD-VA bill which would prevent California from moving forward with its regulation to regulate off-road engines under 175 horsepower. The State has developed a regulatory scheme to do so because these engines were a substantial part--17 percent--of the mobile source pollution in the State, and it was believed by the California Air Resources Board that regulation of these engines could be achieved and, in fact, could reduce pollutants considerably.  On the floor of the Senate, the Senator from Missouri offered an amendment to his amendment from committee. The new language which changed the amendment, in my view, making it better, by only affecting engines under 50 horsepower. I spoke against his amendment in the Appropriations Committee. I did not press for a vote on the small engine amendment which he offered on the floor largely because I thought we would lose it and that we had a better chance of trying to remove the language from the bill in conference.  The bill has been preconferenced. Sadly, we have not been able to remove that language from the bill. I am told today that if I were to submit the amendment we had prepared which would eliminate the Bond amendment in its entirety, I would not be allowed a vote on that amendment. I believe the rationale is because I agreed to go to conference. I had only because I didn't want to lose on the floor and I thought I didn't have the votes.  Since that time, a number of States have realized that their regulatory schemes would also be impacted by this provision. Other States would be affected because the 1990 amendments to the Clean Air Act essentially said that California has the ability to regulate these engines, and other States may then take various components of that regulation and enact them as their own State law if they so choose. Since last week, a number of States have weighed in indicating they have regulatory regimes underway that would be affected and that they are opposed to the Bond amendment. Nonetheless, we are where we are.  I have come to the floor today simply to speak about why I think this is so egregious--and I do think it is egregious. I believe it is the first major setback from the clean air amendments of 1990, and specifically from the amendments allowing States to regulate air quality for the protection of their own people. By eliminating this, we are taking important rights away from the States certain rights and diminishing the States' ability to take care of their own people.  As the fire chiefs have said to me in a letter, if they waited for the Federal Government to regulate bedding and upholstery, they would be still be waiting for that regulation. Instead, the States have taken it on their own to make those regulations. The people of California are much safer because of it.  Let there be no doubt. I believe very strongly that this small engine provision should be removed from the bill and that we should restore the States' rights to protect public health under the Clean Air Act.  On the surface, the amendment that was adopted on Wednesday looked like a substantial improvement. At the time I thought it was an improvement simply because it dropped from 175 horsepower to 50 horsepower. However, the amendment still blocks all States from regulating some of the dirtiest engines out there.  The States will lose the ability to reduce pollution from all spark-ignition engines smaller than 50 horsepower. This includes lawn and garden equipment, some forklifts, recreational boats, off-road motorcycles, and all-terrain vehicles. The original small engine provision would not have affected boats or off-road motorcycles. But the amendment adopted on Wednesday is broad enough to affect a whole new group of engines.  This provision will take four California regulations off the books. My State will lose regulations on lawn and garden equipment, recreational boats, and off-road motorcycles.  I don't know whether the effects on additional engines were intentional or not. We told the Senator from Missouri about them and the language did not change.  But I want to point out another important fact about the amendment adopted on Wednesday. The language requires the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to propose a new national regulation by December 1, 2004. It does not require the EPA to finalize that regulation, ever. They could propose a regulation and never finalize it. The one promising part of this amendment guarantees nothing. The States need to reduce these emissions now.  I want to remind my colleagues just how dirty these engines are. You will see here that mowing the lawn produces as much pollution as driving a car for 13 hours. I didn't know that before. I didn't know that if you mow your lawn for 1 hour it is like driving the automobile for 13 hours.  This chart shows how long you would have to drive a car to produce as much pollution as when you operate various types of equipment for one hour.  In other words, using a weed trimmer for 1 hour produces as much pollution as driving a car for 8 hours, mowing a lawn for 1 hour produces as much pollution as driving a car for 13 hours, and operating a forklift for 1 hour produces as much pollution as driving a car for a full 17 hours.  Clearly, this is a problem. In 8 hours a person can drive from Washington to Charleston, SC. Or he can mow the lawn for an hour and produce just as much pollution. The States need to be able to clean up these engines.  The small engine provision is bad for the States and for public health. The compromise from last week did not change the substantive issues.  The small engine provision is still using an appropriations bill to make fundamental changes to the Clean Air Act. It is an environmental rider on the HUD-VA bill. It has had no authorization. It has had no hearing. It does not belong in this bill.  The amendment from Wednesday still takes a longstanding right away from the States. States with serious air pollution need to be able to reduce emissions from these engines. The 1990 amendments to the Clean Air Act guarantee the States the right to do so. This provision overturns that right without even going through the proper channels.  Under the compromise, my State alone will lose the right to regulate over 4 million cars' worth of pollution. That is what is being taken away--access to 4 million cars' worth of pollution. That means the State is most likely going to have to tighten regulations on stationary sources, which is going to mean more expense to major industries in the State of California. That means job loss in other industries.  I cannot see how building cleaner engines should cost jobs to individuals at one company when every other company has said they will be able to build the engines without job loss. Because Briggs & Stratton does not like one California regulation, every State in the Union is going to permanently lose the right to reduce pollution from these engines. States with serious pollution problems need to be able to reduce these emissions or risk harming public health and losing transportation funds.  This provision affects every single State, not just California. For example, I understand that New York has already adopted the California regulation affecting recreational boat motors. New York will lose that regulation because of this provision.  Eight southeastern States--Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee--have all written aletter opposing this provision. The letter clearly states that any compromise that does not fully restore the State's rights is unacceptable to those States.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the November 10 letter from the Southeastern States Air Resources Managers be printed in the Record following my remarks.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Crapo). Without objection, it is so ordered.  (See exhibit No. 1.)  