 President, I was going to call up an amendment about interoperable communications, but the text of our amendment is being worked out by the chairman of the committee and the ranking member. I believe it is going to be successfully worked out, so I would like to say a few words about what I would like to see happen.  This emergency supplemental provides $2 billion through the Office of Domestic Prepareness for State and local governments and first responders for homeland security.  It also states in the Conference Report that $30 million of the $2 billion should go to provide ``technical assistance to States for a variety of activities'' and mentions ``assistance with interoperable communications and equipment'' as one such activity.  But nowhere is there a specific earmark for interoperable communications, and none of the $30 million mentioned for ``technical asssistance'' will go directly to the people who need it most--policemen, firefighters, and emergency assistance personnel.  And even if some fraction of the $30 million does trickle down to public safety first responders, this is simply not enough to make a dent in the problem.  There are, today, about 2.5 million public safety first responders operating in the U.S., located at 18,000 law enforcement agencies, 26,000 fire departments, 6,000 rescue departments, and many other agencies as well.  They have historically depended on their own radio systems, even though sometimes these systems are often incompatible with other agencies with whom they work.  As a result, law enforcement, firefighters, and emergency medical service (EMS) teams can't talk to each other.  For example, while police received a radio message that the World Trade Center was going to collapse on September 11, firefighters never received the message because they use different radios.  A report from the University of New Hampshire-based ATLAS Project states:       From numerous interviews gathered as part of a fire      department inquiry into the events of September 11th, it      would appear that non-interoperability was at least partially      responsible for the loss of 343 firefighters at the World      Trade Center.  According to an article in The New York Times on January 30, 2002, the New York Fire Department's most senior commanders report that:     they had little reliable radio communications that morning,      could not keep track of all of the firefighters who entered      the towers and were unable to reach them as the threat of      collapse became unmistakeable. . . . So poor were      communications that on one side of the trade center complex .      . . a city engineer warned officials that the towers were at      risk of ``imminent collapse.'' Those he told could not reach      the highest-ranking fire chief by radio. A messenger was sent      across, dodging flaming debris and falling bodies, to deliver      it in person. He arrived with the news less than a minute      before the first tower fell.  Let me give some other examples.  Interoperability was also a problem at both the Littleton, Colorado shooting spree at Columbine High School. During that horrific attack, over 2000 students and teachers were effectively held hostage and 15 were killed and 23 wounded.  Forty-six separate agencies responded during the incident. Many of these responders were operating on different emergency radio channels, and in different parts of the radio spectrum. Some operated on VHF frequencies, some on an Ericsson 800 megahertz system, some on an analog 800 megahertz system, and some on a digital 800 megahertz trunked system.  According to an internal report by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office:       With such varying systems being used, not only were      agencies prevented from communicating directly with each      other, but groups with similar functions also could not      communicate via radio. Ideally, groups with the same      responsibility, such as the various SWAT teams or those      officers setting up inner or outer perimeters would have      their own channel to use in order to report and obtain vital      information about their particular area.  In the aftermath of the Oklahoma City bombing, the Federal, State, and local first responder agencies also couldn't talk to each other.  Things were so bad that agencies resorted to using ``runners'' to carrymessages from one command center to another. To ensure that all agencies were on the same page, these runners often had to run between different agencies repeating the same message.  This is the same method of communication used thousands of years ago by the ancient Greeks and Romans. We all know--Senator Byrd especially--the story from 490 B.C. of the man who ran 26 miles from the plains of Marathon to the city of Athens to report victory in the Battle of Marathon and warn the people in the city of impending attack. In some ways, we are no better off today, 2,500 years later.  It is outrageous that our emergency communications systems can be reduced to levels that existed 2\1/2\ millennia ago.  And even if runners are not needed to transit messages physically from agency to agency, lack of interoperability can still spell disaster.  Lack of interoperability always means that precious minutes are lost and lives are put at risk.  The bottom line is that Congress has not provided enough money for interoperable communications--and that means we are needlessly jeopardizing the safety of our public safety first responders and the citizens of our country.  The fiscal year 2003 appropriations bill only provides $45 million in dedicated money for interoperable communications--only $12 million of which is likely to go directly to first responders. Twenty million dollars was given to the COPS program for interoperability, but $8 million of this amount was earmarked for other purposes--$5 million to the National Institute of Standards to develop minimum standards and $3 million for research and development through the National Institute of Justice's Advanced Generation of Interoperability for Law Enforcement--AGILE--program.  Another $25 million was given to FEMA under the Emergency Management Planning and Assistance account. However, my staff has been told that this money will probably go to State emergency management agencies.  There is another $400 million for equipment grants and $750 million for fire grants, but only some of this could be used for interoperable communications. There was only about $50 million set aside specifically for interoperable communications in fiscal year 2002.  And I mentioned earlier, that there is $30 million in the supplemental for ``technical assistance'' to the States, some of which could be used for interoperable communications.  In my view, providing only $12 million in dedicated money directly for first responders for fiscal year 2003 is simply not enough.  We have talked with the International Chiefs of Police. We have talked with all the national firefighting and first responding organizations. They are all strongly in support of increasing this amount.  I must tell you, I am delighted that both the chairman of the Appropriations Committee and the ranking member have responded, and I am assured there will be added, in the managers' package, an additional amount which will go directly to first responders.  Now, let me make one point. I recently heard from a Los Angeles city councilman, Jack Weiss, about one potential solution. It is a device called ACU-1000, which is also available in a mobile version called the First Responder Vehicle. ACU-1000 is manufactured by JPS Communications, which is owned by Raytheon.  Now, here is how the First Responder Vehicle works: They take an SUV, and fill it with software that converts the different frequencies into a compatible network that allows first responders, using different communication devices, to talk to each other. So a local community, such as one of yours, I say to the Presiding Officer, or one of mine, can purchase this vehicle for $150,000 to $200,000 and thus allow first responders to coordinate using diverse, incompatible communications systems.  A public safety first responder will drive the SUV to an emergency. Then Federal agency, State agencies, local agencies, the National Guard, police officers and firefighters can all talk to one another. This can be done for as little as $150,000 a unit.  While my amendment is for $400 million, I am hopeful that as much as the chairman and the ranking member believe is possible can be appropriated and earmarked for interoperable communications in the supplemental and go directly to these first responding communities.  I also ask that the Record reflect that Senator Mikulski, Senator Dodd, Senator Durbin, and Senator Dayton are also very concerned about this issue and that they worked on the amendment with me. I thank them all very much.  The bottom line is that it is easy to solve this problem and that solving the problem is going to save lives. If you are going to protect the homeland, you have to enable those who first respond to a major crisis to be able to communicate.  Once again, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for working with me to include money for interoperable communications in the supplemental. I look forward to this issue being resolved in the manager's package, but I would like to reserve the right, in the event something goes wrong, to call up the amendment.  