 President, I rise today to express my support for the Syria Accountability Act of 2003, a bipartisan piece of legislation of which I am proud to be a cosponsor.  The time has come for the Senate to send a strong message to Syria that its support for terrorism, its occupation of Lebanon, and its development of weapons of mass destruction are unacceptable and will not be tolerated.  This legislation, introduced by my friend and colleague from California, Senator Boxer, and Senator Santorum provides the President with maximum flexibility to target specific sanctions against Syria subject to a national security waiver.  Specifically, it requires that sanctions be imposed on Syria unless the President certifies that Syria: is not providing support for international terrorists; has withdrawn all military, intelligence, and other security personnel from Lebanon; has ceased the production, development, acquisition, or transfer of weapons of mass destruction and long range ballistic missiles, and; has ceased support for terrorist activities inside of Iraq.  If the President does not make such a certification, the bill requires the President to prohibit the export to Syria of military items and dual use technology and impose two or more sanctions from a list of options including: prohibiting the export of products of the United States--other than food and medicine--to Syria; prohibiting United States businesses from investing or operating in Syria; restricting the travel of Syrian diplomats in Washington, D.C. and New York; and reducing diplomatic contacts with Syria.  I, for one, believe that sanctions should be imposed only as a last resort and that all avenues should be explored to change another state's behavior before taking such action.  With regard to Syria, Congress has passed numerous resolutions calling on Syria to change its ways and Republican and Democratic administrations alike have made it clear that Syria's actions are wholly inconsistent with a peace-loving and productive member of the international community.  Nevertheless, words have not achieved the results we are looking for and as a result, we must take further substantive action.  Syria's behavior and actions leave a lot to be desired and have severely hindered the Arab-Israeli peace process.  First, it continues to be listed as a state sponsor of terrorism by the State Department and is reported by the Secretary of State to provide ``safe haven and support to several terrorist groups'' including Hizballah, Hamas, and the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine.  Despite repeated calls by Secretary of State Colin Powell that Syria cease its support for terrorism and close the facilities and offices of these groups, it has refused to do so.  Second, for over 20 years Syria has ignored United Nations Security Council resolutions and has failed to withdraw completely from Lebanon, maintaining 20,000 troops and security personnel in that sovereign country. The presence of those troops restricts the political independence of Lebanon and harms relations between Israel and Lebanon.  Finally, Syria has continued its development and deployment of short and medium range ballistic missiles and biological and chemical weapons. It has not signed the Chemical Weapons Convention and has one of the largest missile inventories in the Middle East. It is reported to have three production facilities for chemical weapons and has a stockpile of the nerve agent sarin.  In the post-September 11 world, we all understand the dangers posed by states who sponsor terror and seek weapons of mass destruction.  I had hoped that Syria would realize that it is in its best interests to turn a new page in its relations with the United States and the international community and cease its support for terror, withdraw from Lebanon, and halt its pursuit of chemical and biological weapons.  It has not done so and it is time for the United States Senate to respond. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  