 President, I wish to express my support for the Fiscal Year 2004 Agriculture appropriations bill and to commend the leadership of the subcommittee for crafting this bill under very difficult financial constraints.  I wish to thank the subcommittee for recognizing the importance of the winegrape and wine industry for the U.S. economy and the economy of California. Winegrapes account for two-thirds of the total U.S. grape crop. Furthermore, grapes are the highest value fruit crop in the U.S. and are the seventh largest agricultural crop in our nation. For my home State of California, the winegrape industry produces $33 billion for the economy, making winegrapes the State's largest agricultural crop. Yet, unlike most of our Nation's largest crops, winegrapes receive no direct farm subsidies.  I would like to ask Ranking Member Kohl about two items in this legislation that involve cooperative research efforts that are essential to the future of the winegrape and wine industry. First, the House legislation includes $3 million in ARS funding for a Grape Genomics Research Center at the University of California at Davis. It is important that this funding level be maintained in the final version of this bill. Funding for such projects is crucial since cooperative research has been behind the success of the winegrape industry. Investment in research must continue if we are to withstand the rigid competition from our world neighbors who would love to replace our industry with their own products. This can only be done with the cooperation of the U.S. Congress to ensure the American wine industry has the necessary resources to continue the cutting edge research and development that has kept this industry competitive.  In California, winegrapes are grown in areas being rapidly developed into urban uses. If our winegrape and wine industry is to continue to thrive, we must be more efficient with our land; we must produce grapes more resistant to diseases; and we must be good neighbors to the surrounding environment. This proposed $3 million investment in viticulture research will ensure that already successful collaborative efforts among the grape and wine industry, universities, and USDA is continued in the years to come. It is a wonderful investment into our industry's future. I ask Senator Kohl that in conference with our House colleagues, we make every effort to ensure this important funding in the House bill is kept in the final version of the fiscal year 2004 Agricultural appropriations bill.  