  The proponents have refused to use this definition, although the definition has been available for years. Rather, the language in S. 3 is so vague that far from outlawing just one particular abortion procedure, the way this bill is written, it virtually outlaws any abortion procedure. This, I believe, is the true intent of this bill--a major strike, and perhaps a fatal strike, against a woman's right to choose.  Everyone agrees that S. 3 lacks a health exception. It purposefully lacks a health exception. In the Stenberg case, the Supreme Court ruled ``significant medical authority supports the proposition that in some circumstances this procedure would be the safest.'' In her opinion, Justice O'Connor stated:       Because even a post-viability proscription of abortion      would be invalid absent a health exception, Nebraska's ban on      pre-viability partial-birth abortions under the circumstances      presented here must include a health exception, as well. The      statute at issue here only accepts those procedures necessary      to save the life of the mother whose life is in endangered by      a physical disorder, physical illness, or physical injury.      This lack of a health exception necessarily renders the      statute unconstitutional.  Let me repeat her words.       This lack of a health exception necessarily renders the      statute unconstitutional.  Now, that is not my colleague, Senator Boxer, speaking. That is not the distinguished Senator from New Jersey speaking. That is not the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania speaking. That is not the majority leader, a distinguished physician, speaking. That is the Supreme Court of the United States. That is the law of the land.  This language could not be more clear. However, supporters of the Santorum bill argue that they can ignore this language by throwing into their bill some questionable facts that a health exception is unnecessary. They argue that the so-called findings make irrelevant the Supreme Court's constitutional determination in Carhart that a health exception is necessary.  Now, it is not only Carhart. There are a series of other cases.  One is Richard Medical Center for Women v. Gilmore, in 1999, which was affirmed by the Fourth Circuit Court in 2000. I quote:       The record contains significant evidence that the D      procedure is often far safer than other D procedures.  Another is Rhode Island Medical Society v. Whithouse, in 1999, affirmed by the First Circuit in 2001:       Defendants claim that a D could never be necessary to      save a woman's health, but the evidence at trial failed to      support that contention. Therefore, this court finds that the      D could be used to preserve a woman's health and must be      available to physicians and women who want to rely upon it.  If that is not enough, let me mention Hope Clinic v. Ryan, a 1998 decision.       Intact D reduces the risk of retained tissue and reduces      the risk of uterine perforation and cervical laceration      because the procedure requires less instrumentation in the      uterus. An intact D may also result in less blood loss and      less trauma for some patients and may take less operating      time.  Another example is Women's Medical Professional Corp. v. Voinovich, 1995, affirmed in 1997:       After viewing all of the evidence and hearing all of the      testimony, this court finds that use of the D procedure in      the late second trimester appears to pose less of a risk to      maternal health than does the D procedure. This court also      finds that the D procedure appears to pose less of a risk      to maternal health than the use of induction procedures.  These are all clear district court and appellate court decisions, plus a number of clear Supreme Court decisions, and yet S. 3 flies in the face of all of them. All it offers is 15 pages of weak factual findings.  The Framers of the Constitution did not intend that Congress be able to evade Supreme Court precedent and effectively amend the Constitution by holding a hearing and generating some questionable testimony from hand-picked witnesses. Let me quote former Chief Justice Warren Burger on this point.       A legislature appropriately inquires into and may declare      the reasons impelling legislative action, but the judicial      function commands analysis of whether the specific conduct      charged falls within the reach of the statute and, if so,      whether the legislation is consonant with the Constitution.  The supporters of this bill are effectively trying to overturn binding Supreme Court precedent and to rewrite the Constitution by enacting a bill that openly violates Stenberg v. Carhart and other Supreme Court opinions. This, in my view, clearly oversteps legislative authority.  The Santorum bill also presumes guilt on the part of doctors and forces them to prove that they did not violate the law. This is putting a burden on one group of people, the very people charged with protecting pregnant women from harm. The legislation provides that an accused physician could escape liability only by proving that he or she reasonably believed that the banned procedure--whatever that procedure turns out to be, because it is not defined in the legislation--was necessary to save the woman's life and no other procedure would have sufficed.  It also opens the door to the prosecution of doctors for performing almost any abortion method by forcing them to prove they did not violate a law that can be interpreted in many different ways. Indeed, this bill is a major step toward making all abortions illegal in the United States.  Why does the Federal Government need to be involved in this issue? Why is this legislation even necessary? Roe v. Wade clearly and unequivocally allows States to ban all postviability abortions unless necessary to protect the life and health of the woman. Forty-one States already have bans on the books. So the States have accepted the premise of Roe v. Wade. If they have been concerned about postviability abortions, as most are, they have taken action, as Roe so provides.  The fact is, abortions late in a pregnancy are rare and usually performed under very tragic circumstances. Some States have not seen the need to legislate in this area. Surely anyone who believes in States' rights must question the logic of imposing a new Federal regulation on States in a case such as this, where States have already legislated.  Finally, I say to my colleagues, the Santorum bill is a bad bill. It is clearly unconstitutional. I have cited district court cases. I have cited appellate court cases. I have cited Supreme Court cases. S. 3 fails to provide a straight health exception for the woman, which is necessary to stand the constitutional test. It is not the role of the Federal Government to make medical decisions. It should be up to the doctor and his or her medical judgment.  This bill is bad because it attempts to ban a medical procedure without properly identifying that procedure in medical terms; ergo, it muddies the water and it throws all procedures into risk. It could affect far more than the procedure it seeks to ban. And it presumes guilt on the part of the doctor, something that, in the case of physicians, may be unprecedented in American law.  In our criminal justice system, somebody has to prove you guilty. You are presumed innocent. This bill puts the burden on doctors, and it ignores the vital health interests of women who are often facing tragic complications in their pregnancies.  That is why I am offering this complete substitute to S. 3. This substitute amendment puts medical decisions back in the hands of doctors. If the doctor believes such a procedure is necessary to protect a woman's life or health, then he or she should be able to perform the procedure. I believe it is that simple.  I strongly believe that Congress should be supporting legislation that protects a woman's health. For the sake of all Americans, 80 percent of whom believe they should have the right to choose to protect the woman's health, from all walks of life, present and future, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment.  Madam President, I yield 15 minutes of my time to the Senator from New Jersey.  