 President, I rise in support of the nomination of Ohio State Supreme Court Justice Deborah Cook for the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. I intend to vote yes on her nomination because I believe that she has a proper understanding of the role of the judiciary.  Unlike some other nominees who have come before the Senate, Justice Cook's opinions demonstrate a recognition that a judge's proper role is to interpret statutes in a way that reflects the legislature's intent. She does not try to legislate from the bench or inject her views into her interpretations of a statute.  I believe that, based on her past record, she will be an appellate judge who will read statutes faithfully and carefully and decide cases on her best understanding of what the law says as opposed to ruling based on her personal views.  Let me give a couple of examples of Justice Cook's views on judicial restraint from her opinions. In a dissent from an Ohio Supreme Court decision overturning the State's system of funding public education, Cook noted:       In short, the determination of what constitutes minimum      levels of educational opportunity to be provided to Ohio's      children is committed by the Ohio Constitution to legitimate      policy makers--not the courts, whose proper role is      interpretation and application of law.  Similarly, Cook defended the role of the legislature in a dissent from anOhio Supreme Court ruling that found a new ``employment intentional tort'' statute to be unconstitutional.       The majority opinion views the issue presented by this case      as a question of ``what is right?'', but I believe the true      question is ``who decides what is right?'' The General      Assembly passed this legislation as part of its policy-making      function, a function inherent in the legislative power. With      this decision, however the majority usurps the legislative      power.  Senator DeWine, a strong supporter of Justice Cook, has called her an ``old-fashioned'' conservative, and I think that is a very accurate description.  I certainly don't agree with all of Justice Cook's opinions, and take seriously the concerns raised by those who feel she tends to side with big corporations and employers in lawsuits. I also am concerned about some of her opinions arguing for the overturning of jury verdicts.  In weighing the totality of these issues, however, I believe that Justice Cook will properly exercise the judicial office. Most importantly, I believe she will not be an activist judge who will try to legislate from the bench.  