 President, what I was trying to do was essentially trace changes in committee procedure with the difficulties the Judiciary Committee seems to be countenancing in present days. A good deal of it has to do with blue slip policy because it was the second tradition to fall by the wayside when President Bush took office.  Under the Clinton administration, nominees were often blocked not only by home State Senators but by any single Republican Senator. At the very least throughout the years preceding the Bush administration, a home State Senator's objection to a nominee would effectively stop that nominee from moving forward.  Let me show a copy of a blue slip used during the Clinton administration, starting in January of 1999, and sent to each home State Senator. The document itself specifically states that no proceedings on this nominee will be scheduled until both blue slips have been returned by the nominee's home State Senators.  That policy was followed without fail and without question. Even before 1999, during the Clinton Presidency, the blue slip said ``unless a reply is received from you within a week from this date, it will be assumed that you have no objection to this nomination.''  But still, if there was an objection from a home State Senator, that nominee simply did not move, did not get a hearing, did not get a vote, did not get confirmed. It was, in fact, a filibuster of one.  Today, there is a new blue slip policy, one in which the objections of one or even both of the home State Senators is no longer dispositive. That is part of the problem. This keeps changing, dependent on who is President. This latest policy puts Democrats on the committee and in the Senate in a difficult position.  In the past, if a home State Senator objected to a nominee, that nominee did not proceed; there would be no committee vote and no filibuster on the floor. Fifty-five Clinton nominees did not receive a hearing. This well could have been a filibuster of one. The blue slip is secret; nobody knows.  Let me name some of the Clinton nominees who were filibustered by one or two members of the Judiciary Committee. Elena Kagen, nominated to the District of Columbia Circuit, nominated by Clinton, June 17, 1999. The nomination was returned December 15, 2000. She waited 547 days without getting a hearing or a vote in the Judiciary Committee. She is currently the dean of Harvard Law School.  Lynette Norton, nominated for the District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Nominated by President Clinton on April 28, 1998, in the 105th Congress. Her nomination, which was submitted to the 105th and 106th Congresses, was returned both times without a hearing. She waited 961 days without a hearing or a vote in the Judiciary Committee. Again, a successful filibuster by one or two Senators, in secret.  Barry Goode, nominated for the Ninth Circuit. Goode was nominated by President Clinton on June 24, 1998. After 3 years of inaction, President Bush withdrew his nomination, on March 19, 2001. Mr. Goode waited 998 days without ever getting either a hearing or a vote in the Judiciary Committee. A filibuster of one or two, in secret--no hearing, no opportunity to read a transcript, no opportunity to go back and read writings, speeches, or look into a nominee's background. Just because of one or two Senators, a hearing is denied; the filibuster is complete.  H. Alston Johnson, nominated for the Fifth Circuit, a Louisiana slot. President Clinton nominated Johnson on April 22, 1999. His nomination was returned December 15, 2000. He waited almost 697 days without getting a hearing or a vote in the Judiciary Committee.  This goes on and on and on.  Now, the nominees before us today had hearings. There was debate. There was a markup. There was a debate. There was a vote. We did read their background. And based on knowledge, the minority of this body made a decision that we do not wish to proceed to affirm them. We have over 40 votes to do so. This is not the vote of one person in secret preventing a hearing from taking place. Now that is as much a filibuster as this is.  You are looking at me strangely, Mr. President?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Talent). There is no reason for that. I am just inquiring of the Parliamentarian about the time remaining.  