 President, I support the nomination of Tom Ridge to be Secretary of Homeland Security. I think that Mr. Ridge is an excellent choice for the job.  If confirmed, Mr. Ridge will oversee the new Department of Homeland Security, the consolidation of more than two dozen agencies and offices that have been reorganized into a single agency with an overriding mission: protecting the United States from terrorist attack and responding to an attack should one occur.  Unlike his current position in the White House, Mr. Ridge will have budget authority and will be accountable to Congress and the people.  I introduced legislation with Senator Bob Graham on September 21, 2001, long before the Homeland Security Act was signed into law, to give him such authority. I believe that it is indispensable for him to do his job adequately.  I applaud Mr. Ridge's willingness to accept the responsibility of leading the new Department. He will oversee and direct the largest Federal reorganization since the National Security Act of 1947.  It is an enormous challenge. According to historians, James Forrestal, the first Secretary of Defense after passage of the 1947 act, resigned after 2 years due to mental exhaustion caused by the difficulties of managing the new Department.  Even with all of his energy and talent, Mr. Ridge will not be able to do it alone.  We need to be sure that the Department of Homeland Security attracts and retains top people, people committed to ensuring homeland security. And we need to be sure that the department has the tools and resources it needs to protect us from and respond to terrorist attacks.  It is hard to understate the importance of getting this new Department off the ground and running.  Last November, I chaired a hearing of the Technology and Terrorism Subcommittee of the Senate Judiciary Committee on the Hart-Rudman Terrorism Task Force Report. Members of this new 17-member Hart-Rudman Task Force included two former Senators, two former Secretaries of State, two former chairmen of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and two Nobel laureates.  The task force report is chilling to read. And its conclusion is even more disturbing. It reads: ``A year after September 11, America remains dangerously unprepared to prevent and respond to a catastrophic terrorist attack on U.S. soil. In all likelihood, the next attack will result in even greater casualties and widespread disruption to American lives and the economy.''  Just a month before our hearing, CIA Director George Tenet testified before the Joint Intelligence Committee inquiry that ``al-Qaeda is in an execution phase and intends to strike us both here and overseas.'' He also said that the terrorist threat is as bad today as it was in the summer of 2001.  The statements made by the Hart-Rudman Task Force as well as Director Tenet contrast with Mr. Ridge's recent testimony before the Senate Government Affairs Committee.  There, Mr. Ridge testified that, ``America is undoubtedly safer and better prepared today than on September 10, 2001'' and that ``much has been accomplished'' to protect Americans from terrorism.  My own view is that, while the terrorist threat remains extremely serious, I would disagree with those who argue that we have done nothing since September 11 to reduce our vulnerability to a major terrorist attack.  In fact, since September 11, the 107th Congress has passed major anti-terrorism legislation in the areas of law enforcement, intelligence, aviation security, border security, and bioterrorism.  However, what we have done so far is not enough. Much more remains to be done, particularly in the areas of intelligence, seaport security, and first responders, including the National Guard.  That is why many of us in Congress have been trying to pass additional legislation to protect our country from terrorist attack.  Let me give three examples of homeland security legislation that I plan to pursue in this Congress.  First, we need to create the position of Director of National Intelligence, whose full-time job would be to oversee the Nation's intelligence community. Under the current structure, the intelligence community is fragmented, there is a lack of coordination between agencies, and there is no effective leadership.  The concept behind the bill was endorsed by the House-Senate Intelligence Committee investigating the September 11 attacks.  Second, as the Hart-Rudman Task Force recognized, we need comprehensive, immediate action to better secure our ports. Our seaports remain a huge gaping hole in our national security.  Terrorism experts who have studied the issue believe that if terrorists try to bring weapons of mass destruction into this country, those weapons will almost certainly come in shipping containers. Only 1 to 2 percent of the 21,000 shipping containers that enter the nation's 361 ports each day are even inspected.  I introduced legislation with Senators Kyl, Hutchison, and Snowe in the last Congress that would thoroughly address the issue of port security from the point cargo is loaded in a foreign country to its arrival on land in the U.S. We plan to pursue similar legislation in this Congress.  Third, we should train and equip 2,700 National Guard units for emergency response.  Modeled after legislation creating the successful National Guard counterdrug program, my proposed bill would permit each governor, with oversight and funding from the Secretary of Defense, to create a homeland security activities plan for his or her State.  The National Governors Association, the National Guard , and the co-chairs of the Senate National Guard Caucus all support the bill. The Hart-Rudman Task Force also endorsed the idea.  One thing we should do right now is fully fund homeland security. Certainly, the last thing we should be doing is starving the new Department of resources to fight the war on terrorism.  One reason I oppose the omnibus appropriations bill is that it cuts homeland security by $1 billion, money that has already been requested, authorized, and appropriated.  Right now, the INS will lose $627 million for border security. First responders will lose $132 million. And other homeland security departments and agencies will also suffer.  These cuts will make our Nation more vulnerable. They will also make Mr. Ridge's already tough job even harder.  I hope that he will be a vigorous advocate for legislation to strengthen our country against terrorists and for adequate resources to pay for such protection.  I congratulate Mr. Ridge on his nomination and look forward to working with him once he is confirmed.  