  The first component of my amendment requires that the managing entity that will run the voucher program give voucher students--not every student in private school--the same assessments they took in public schools. It also requires that the Secretary of Education, in conjunction with the Mayor, appoint an independent evaluator to study all aspects of the voucher program, with a strong focus on the academic progress of the students in the program.  The independent evaluator, which could be a think tank, could be an independent entity, will be required to evaluate the test scores of voucher students over the 5-year period, as well as the scores of a randomly selected group of comparable students who applied for vouchers but did not get them.  The test scores of the control group for which no voucher is available will be studied and measured against the scores of the voucher students.  The evaluator will be required to report back to the Congress every year on the progress, for the duration of the 5-year pilot. This amendment also requires that the test scores of both recipients and the student control group, as I said, would be studied, obviously, against one another.  I think we have a very practical, very doable trial proposal. I know on this side of the aisle there are a lot of objections to it, and I must say I am deeply puzzled by them because I do not understand what the fear is. Traditionally, the argument against vouchers always has been it takes money away from the public school. This does not. It adds money to the public school. Another argument always has been, how do we really know the students will do better? We have the testing and evaluation component in place.  Finally, the program is restricted to those most in need. These will be the poorest families in DC who will participate. They will all be families of four, earning under $34,000 a year. So for 5 years, a child who is not making it, whose parent may be at wit's end, will have an opportunity to say, aha, I might be able to get one of those vouchers. Let's see if John, Sam, Gloria, or Betty can make it in another setting. In other words, let's try another model for our child.  Affluent people do this all the time. Affluent people have that opportunity. If their child does not do well in one setting, they can place their child in another setting. Why shouldn't the poor person have that same opportunity? This is the weight of our argument. This is the candor of our argument. I hope this is the caring point of our argument, because if this passes, 2,000 children will be able to take that pilot and 5 years from now we will know a lot more than we know today.  I have gotten a lot of flak because I am supporting it. And guess what. I do not care. I have finally reached the stage in my career, I do not care. I am going to do what I sincerely believe is right. I have spent the time. I have gone to the schools, I have seen what works, I have seen what does not work. Believe it or not, I have always been sort of a political figure for the streets as opposed to the policy wonks. I know different things work on the streets that often do not work on the bookshelves. So we will see. It is kind of interesting.  I have a member of my own staff who I do not think was very much in favor of me trying this, but at one point she came up to me and said: I must tell you something. I grew up in Anacostia. My parents could afford to send me to a Catholic school, and I went to that school. I saw so many of my peers get into such trouble and it conditioned the whole remainder of their life. Now today, she is a distinguished attorney with a solid career and a solid job.  My concern in education has always been K-6. It has always been teaching the basic fundamentals to kids so they could go on and learn, because if they do not have the basic fundamentals, it is so humiliating.  As mayor, I used to go out to Bayview Hunter's Point every Monday. I spent the afternoon with children. I talked to children. It took me 6 months to get them to look me in the eye, to be able to pronounce their names, to be able to talk directly to another human being. It took the time, the energy, and the effort. Through no fault of their own, in many cases our public institutions are so overburdened, with so many different issues, that it is difficult to provide everything for every child. Obviously, some children need more than they are getting.  I hope there will be others on my side of the aisle who will give this program a chance. I believe it will meet the test of constitutionality. I believe it is a bona fide pilot. I intend to stay with it and see what happens and see that the evaluation and the testing is adequate and carried out correctly and see what we learn for the future for our children.  Once again, I thank Senator DeWine for his courtesy in working with me. He really has been terrific and I appreciate it very much.  I yield the floor.  