 President, I begin by thanking the Senator from Idaho. It has been a pleasure for me to work with him on this issue. I think we have been working now for close to 3 years, beginning with the Quincy Library Group in California to try to forge a different forest policy, and also to recognize that our forests are overburdened with undergrowth, with non-indigenous species; and so fires, when they happen, burn hotter and do much more destruction than they have done historically.  I thank the Senator for his sympathy for what our State is going through. I want to tell you that I just spoke with the White House, with Mr. Rove, because I had heard from Mr. Blackwell, the regional forester, that the forest fire has taken a turn, because the winds have changed, and is now heading for half a million acres of bark beetle-infested forests near Lake Arrowhead and 44,000 homes are now in jeopardy.  This is just huge. I hope that anyone listening will begin to bring in some military help, more C-130s. With the winds down, the C-130s can work. Perhaps this area can be worked from the air. But the fire is advancing so strongly and also like a spear into San Diego itself, and over the Santa Monica mountains into Malibu. So we have a real maelstrom on our hands.  We think we have a good bill. We believe we have the only bill that can be accepted by this body, and I am hopeful that the leadership will bring this bill to the floor very shortly. I think we need to put everything aside and just get a bill passed.  The Senator is right about streamlining the administrative review process. Our bill does that. It does so in a way that it does not prevent collaboration, does not prevent public testimony, but it streamlines the process.  I think we have handled judicial review in a way that we can agree makes it truncated; temporary injunction, 60 days, and if you want another, you have to come back and justify it. It is the Federal court in the area of the project. We have the first old-growth protection which will be codified in the history of this country.  It is a good bill. I hope that those who might want to place amendments on this bill will really not do so, so we can pass a bill and get it moved on so the 20 million acres that are in this bill, which we know are at the highest risk of catastrophic fire, can be dealt with quickly.  The Senator and I have talked. The Appropriations Committee has been helpful in getting additional dollars for bark beetle infestation. But for 3 years now, we have known this was going to happen. The day is upon us and we must do right by our forests. So I am very grateful for the Senator's help and collaboration on this.  