 The distinguished Senator said that if you vote for my amendment, you don't specifically ban D That is true. You ban all postviability abortions, including all use of D postviability.  Let me also reiterate that S. 3 does not specifically ban D either. In fact, D procedure isn't defined in Senator Santorum's bill. The most knowledgeable people in the country have looked at S. 3, the nation's leading obstetricians and gynecologists, and what they tell me is that S. 3 will affect much more than D because S. 3's definition is incomplete and flawed. It is not me saying this, it is the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. I have entered their letter into the Record.  The Senator could have used that definition in the bill, and then we would know what we were voting on. But he did not. I believe that, from the beginning, it has been intentional not to include a specific medically accurate definition in the bill. The bill is a Trojan horse. It could impact D abortions, the most common abortion method used, but the Senator refuses to admit it. The bill violates Roe and other Supreme Court opinions because it doesn't protect the health of the woman.  So what Senator Stabenow, Senator Edwards, and I have done in this amendment is say that any abortion after the point of a fetus' viability, as determined by the physician, is illegal--except to protect the health or life of the woman.  My amendment follows the Constitution. It is constitutional.  We just had 52 votes supporting Roe v. Wade. If those 52 votes are real, thenthe same senators will vote for my amendment because both Senator Santorum and I agree that this codifies Roe v. Wade.  I have listened to the debate over D as a member of the Judiciary Committee now in three Congresses. In every Congress I have asked: Why don't you put in the medical definition? And in every Congress the other side refuses to put in the medical definition. It makes you suspicious. Why wouldn't their bill use the generally accepted medical definition, unless it truly is a Trojan horse? Unless they are truly trying to mask what they are trying to do, which is to strike at the heart of a woman's right to choose.  I think I will now close off this debate. I urge those who voted on the Harkin amendment to please sustain that vote, to vote consistently, and to vote for the Feinstein-Stabenow-Edwards amendment.  I yield the remainder of my time.  