 President, I rise today in support of Senator Murray's amendment to add $438 million to Amtrak to fund system-wide rail security upgrades and to reiterate my unwavering support for Amtrak.  I believe it is essential to fund Amtrak at $1.2 billion in fiscal year 2003 to prevent our passenger rail system from grinding to a halt and stranding millions of commuters coast to coast. In fact, Amtrak's President David Gunn has said a funding level of only $762million would ``guarantee insolvency by spring and the shutting down of the railroad at that time.''  And as James Jones, California State Legislative Director of the United Transportation Union, wrote to me in a recent letter:       This shutdown would end all intercity rail and much of the      commuter operations in California. This would cause a serious      adverse effect on the general public, the Amtrak employees      that would be out of work, as well as the California economy.  Amtrak's passenger rail service is an essential link in our transportation system and our economy.  Every day, Americans use Amtrak and local commuter rail systems that depend on Amtrak to get to and from work. More and more Americans are relying on long distance Amtrak trains for their travel because of security changes at our Nation's airports.  I cannot think of a worse time to underfund Amtrak.  What will happen if Amtrak shuts down? Well, you can be sure the roads will jam up even more and air travel will become an even greater headache.  Last year, I joined many of my colleagues in a commitment to fund $1.2 billion for Amtrak in fiscal year 2003. This is the amount Amtrak needs and it was the amount the Appropriations Committee unanimously approved last year despite the Bush administration's paltry budget request of $521 million for fiscal year 2003.  I cannot understand why President Bush continues to stand by his budget request of $521 million.  Amtrak needs more funding, not less and last week I was pleased to again co-sponsor Senator Hollings's legislation to fund Amtrak for the next 5 years. The National Defense Rail Act would authorize $4.6 billion annually for passenger rail service. The legislation, which passed the Commerce Committee by a vote of 20-3 last April would fund rail security improvements, high-speed rail development, and operational costs for existing rail routes.  I strongly believe that Amtrak is not a failure, it is the government that has failed Amtrak. If we do not properly fund our rail system, how do we expect it to thrive?  Since 1971, when Amtrak was founded, only $25 billion has been spent on passenger rail, compared to over $750 billion that has been invested in highways and aviation. The Federal Government has made a commitment to fund road construction and expand aviation capacity, but we have always come up short to provide fair funding for our rail system.  The Federal Government provided $15 billion in payments and loan guaranties to aid the airlines after the September 11th terrorist attacks. Why can't we provide $438 million more to keep our trains running?  Imagine the chaos that will ensue if Amtrak does shut down. There will be even more traffic on our roads and air travel will slow down if trains are not an option for commuters heading to work or travelers on vacation.  Last summer, Senator Boxer and I wrote President Bush to ask him to approve Amtrak's $200 million loan guarantee to prevent the rail system from grinding to a halt. I cannot believe that 6 months later Amtrak is again being denied life support.  If Amtrak shuts down, thousands of people in California who depend on Amtrak service every day will be stranded. Since most rail lines in California are run by Amtrak or depend on Amtrak, everything is in jeopardy.  These include three Amtrak routes funded by the State and the Federal Government:       No. 1, the Capitol Corridor route between San Jose and      Auburn;       No. 2, the San Joaquin route between Oakland and      Bakersfield; and       No. 3, the Pacific Surfliner route between San Diego and      San Luis Obispo.  These are three of the most successful routes in the United States. In fact, all three are among the top five intercity rail corridors, and the Pacific Surfliner is the fastest growing route in the Nation. Overall the State of California has added 28 new daily trains since 1995, and over 1.5 million new passengers.  But a shutdown will also threaten some of California's largest regional transportation systems including:       No. 1, Caltrain, the rail service between San Francisco and      San Jose;       No. 2, Metrolink, Southern California's regional transit      system; and       No. 3, the Coaster, San Diego County's regional train.  It is clear to me that a shutdown of Amtrak will be devastating for rail passengers across the Nation. I believe we must act immediately to avoid it. I urge my colleagues to approve Senator Murray's amendment to add $438 million to Amtrak to fund system-wide rail security upgrades.  