  I speak today to praise Paul's work and to praise his passion, to praise his vision, and to praise his legacy. He was truly a great Senator and a great human being. His love of all people was his guiding principle. He is very much missed in the Senate, in this country, and especially in the great State of Minnesota.  Born in Washington, D.C., Paul began a journey that would take him from Virginia, to North Carolina, to Minnesota, and back to Washington, D.C. to serve in the United States Senate. His life experiences along the way back here developed and defined his political vision. Seeing his father cope with Parkinson's gave him insight into the failures of our health care system, and the struggle with his brother's mental illness fueled his desire to raise awareness and expand care for mental illness.  From the beginning of his service in the Senate, Paul left an impressive legacy. In his first Senate campaign in 1990, Paul was the only candidate to beat an incumbent Senator. During this campaign, he was the underdog. He was an unknown candidate challenging an incumbent; he was outspent 6-to-1 and he had never held elected office in his life.  Despite these odds, however, Paul battled, town by town, to be elected Senator from Minnesota. He traveled throughout the State on an old green school bus, making stump speeches and inspiring grassroots organization. In many ways, his campaign for Senate is an allegory for his entire political life. He was often viewed as the underdog, fighting for the little guys, against moneyed and powerful special interests, refusing to give up or accept defeat.  Paul once stated ``I still believe Government can be used as a force for good in people's lives.'' A simple but profound statement, it guided him in his journey in public service. Whether he was advocating for universal healthcare, or fighting for victims of domestic violence, he truly believed that he, and the United States Senate, could do good in people's lives.  One need only listen to the tributes from the Members of this body to truly see that Paul himself was also a force of good in people's lives. Many people that were opposed to Paul politically and philosophically still respected him very much. Last year, Senator Domenici, an ally of Paul's in the fight for mental health parity, made a beautiful statement when he found out Paul haddied. Senator Lott, too, gave a wonderful tribute to Paul, praising his compassion and his optimism. It is truly a tribute to the character of Paul Wellstone that he was so respected, even by people who disagreed with him.  Paul loved the Senate and the Senators with whom he served. He was a master at delivering moving speeches, usually speaking when there were no Members in the Chamber to hear him speak. I remember that as he would speak, he would start to speak at his desk, not far from my own desk, and would walk back and forth behind the desks, up and down the aisle. He could not contain his excitement or his passion.  In his book, ``Conscience of a Liberal,'' Paul wrote this about Diane Feldman, a member of his campaign staff:       She told me that Minnesotans did not agree with me on every      issue, but many of them admired my courage and integrity. I      hope and pray that Minnesotans will always feel this way      about me.  I believe that Minnesotans do admire and respect him for his courage and integrity. Most people that have met Paul Wellstone admire and respect him for his courage and integrity.  Paul was called a number of things in his career as a Senator: ``the happy warrior,'' ``the soul of the Senate,'' ``embarrassingly liberal,'' ``Senator softie.'' But I am truly honored to be able to call him a friend, and I consider myself lucky to have served in this distinguished body with such a great human being.  