 The first comment is that comparing my amendment with the Dred Scott decision is ridiculous. Having said that, the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania is right about one thing. In a sense, this is a codification of Roe.  I have sat on the Judiciary Committee. I ask my colleagues the question: What do you think of Roe v. Wade? Overwhelmingly, most would say it is well-settled law. The States have adapted to it, and Roe v. Wade allows States to restrict abortion severely, if the fetus is viable, that is, can be sustained outside of the uterus. And over 40 States have banned or severely restricted postviability abortions.  S. 3 is duplicitous because it says it does one thing but does another. It says that it bans partial-birth abortion, but it does not adequately define it, and so bans much more than this method. Moreover, the bill does not define D in a medical context.  Respectfully, Senator Santorum is not a physician, and, respectfully, he is not going to be carrying out a surgical procedure. But there are hundreds of thousands of physicians out there who are carrying out this medical procedure. And Senator Santorum wants to leave them with an unclear definition in this bill. And the precise, medically accurate definition I read into the Record, the definition of D as proposed by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, is not the definition in the bill.  What I have done is tried to write a simple, straightforward bill that essentially sustains Roe v. Wade. So those who believe in Roe v. Wade should vote for my amendment. It says that any abortion is illegal once the fetus is viable, once the doctor determines that the fetus can sustain itself outside of the womb, unless the life and the health of the woman are in jeopardy. That is Roe v. Wade. The amendment is also consistent with a whole host of federal court decisions which I read and in the Supreme Court's decision in Stenberg v. Carhart where Justice Breyer, Justice O'Connor, and three other justices very clearly said that a Nebraska statute very similar to S. 3 falls because there is no exception for the health of the woman.  The Senator has talked about the liberty clause. And Roe v. Wade, yes, did come from the liberty clause of the due process clause of the 14th amendment and other parts of the Constitution. Roe helped establish a basic right of privacy for women.  I get so annoyed when men constantly strive to take away hard-won rights from women. Respectfully, I don't want Senator Santorum taking away my reproductive rights. I respect his views. I respect his rights. I respect his moral code, his religion, his conversations with his physician. Why can't those who happen to be pro-choice receive the same respect, particularly when a fetus is not viable, when a fetus cannot sustain life outside the womb? That is what this is all about.  Make no mistake, if you believe in choice, you will support my amendment. If you do not, you will support S. 3. That is the clear division of the house on this. If there were a clear medically accurate definition in S. 3, I would not be saying what I am saying. I would say: Members, you are voting on a particular medical procedure; you are prohibiting a particular medical procedure. But if you are voting for S. 3, you are voting to prohibit much more than just the medical procedure that has been put on this floor. You are also prohibiting D abortions as well. That has been the finding not of me but of obstetricians and gynecologists, some of them from the finest medical schools in our country, and numerous federal courts, including the Supreme Court.  S. 3's infringement on women's right to choose reminds me of another woman's right. It was not until 1920 that we got the vote. And when this Nation was founded and we go back to our days of--for some--glory, women could notget a higher education, women could not own property, women could not inherit. Every single right we have won has been fought for. And the right to choose has been fought for as well.  There are probably few people in this body who have seen a young woman ready to commit suicide from an unwanted pregnancy. I have. I went to college when abortion was illegal in the United States. I saw what happened. I saw the back-alley abortionist set up and do business. And then later I set sentences for women who had been convicted of felonies for having illegal abortions. I did that for 6 years. And I saw the tragedy they caused. We cannot go back to those days.  This is a step--let there be no doubt about it--back to those days. We have before us an imprecise piece of legislation, not just banning D but covering many more abortion methods than the S.3's supporters have said they aim to cover. A vote for my amendment will be a vote with the 80 percent of the population who believe in a women's right to choose to protect their health because my amendment is, Senator Santorum is correct, in essence a codification of Roe v. Wade.  I am hopeful that those who voted for the Harkin Roe v. Wade amendment will also vote yes on this amendment.  I reserve the remainder of my time, and I yield the floor.  