 President, I thank the Senator from Indiana. He has taken a position based on extraordinary knowledge, having served on that committee for 27 years, having been its chair, having seen what happened with the Commodity Futures Oversight Act.  In resisting, as he termed it, the movement just to have anything go, let anything go, if they are not regulated, let it go that way, he realizes the American people are not well served and the investment community is not well served when every day you pick up a newspaper and someone else is being arrested for fraud or manipulation. Our laws can prevent that from happening.  I thank the Senator very much. You have been terrific. Your support is very meaningful to us.  I have stated in the Senate numerous times it is the duty of this Congress to make sure our regulators have all the authority they need to prevent fraud and manipulation in the energy markets. Simply put, this is what our amendment does.  Enron remains the perfect example of how the systems were so easily gamed. After Enron successfully lobbied for an exemption to the Commodity Futures Modernization Act in 2000, they and others in the energy sector quickly took advantage of this new freedom by trading energy derivatives absent any transparency and regulatory oversight. In other words, in secret. Thus, after the 2000 legislation was enacted, Enron began to trade energy derivatives literally without being subject to proper regulatory oversight. That is how all these schemes came about. Some hot-shot trader, sitting in front of his computer, found a way to evolve a strategy for the fraudulent and manipulative action of the marketplace. They let these various strategies play out.  Unlike the NASDAQ, from which timely electronic trade reports are available to the public, even prior to its transparency-enhanced reforms in 1997--in 1997, the NASDAQ reformed itself to make their traders more transparent--EnronOnline did not offer timely reporting of executions. This means EnronOnline provided no data regarding recently executed transactions. Consequently, even after the trades, basic market information was not provided to market participants.  It should not surprise anyone that without basic transparency, without the ability to see what is happening, prices would soar. What interests me is they did and yet there is still resistance to this legislation.  In 2 years, Enron's derivatives business had been a stand-alone company. It would have been the 256th largest company in America. That year, according to author Robert Bryce, Enron claimed it made more money from its derivatives business, $7.23 billion, than Tyson made from selling chickens. That is huge, if you think about it. Think what that means. This segment of the market in one year made $7 billion and nobody knew how. No one knew what the trades were. They were all in secret. Nothing was registered. There was no audit trail. There was no antifraud, antimanipulation oversight. Boom. It happened.  EnronOnline rapidly became the biggest platform for electronic energy trading. But unlike the regulated exchanges, such as the New York Mercantile Exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and the Chicago Board of Trade, EnronOnline was not registered with the CFTC. So Enron set its own standards. In other words, it had a very secure, quiet, protected niche on the market.  Others have tried to replicate that. The banks, for example, Senator Levin said, devised something called the IntercontinentalExchange so they could do the same thing Enron has done. It is wrong.  Traders and others in the energy sector came to rely on EnronOnline for pricing information. Yet the company's control over this information and its ability to manipulate it was tremendous. As author Robert Bryce went on to describe--and this is very colorful and true--Enron did not just own the casino. On any given deal, Enron could be the house, the dealer, the oddsmaker, and the guy across the table you are trying to beat in diesel fuel futures, gas futures, or the California electricity market. You tell me that is a good situation?  You tell me this Senate and this Congress should let that happen. We should not. That is just plain wrong. Those who want to protect this secret niche are just dead wrong. It is not in the American people's interest to have a secret trading niche that can be an empire for fraud and manipulation. We need to protect consumers from future Enron-like scams because they are going to happen.  Now, was Enron and its energy derivative trading arm, Enron Online, the sole reason California and the West had an energy crisis? Absolutely not. Was it a continuing factor to the crisis? I certainly believe that evidence has shown it was.  Unfortunately, because of the energy exemptions in the 2000 Commodity Futures Modernization Act, which took away the CFTC's authority to investigate, we may never know for sure. In other words, quite purposely, this Congress, in 2000, let this secret world be created and said: We are going to take energy and metals out of the entire trading regulatory structure and we are going to let them go ``on operating'' on their own, without the proper oversight. That is exactly what happened. It is just plain wrong.  I repeat, once again, the amendment we offer will subject electronic exchanges such as EnronOnline to the same oversight as other commodity exchanges, such as the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, the New York Mercantile Exchange, and the Chicago Board of Trade--no more, no less. Without this type of legislation, there is insufficient authority to investigate and prevent fraud and price manipulations since parties making the trade are not required to keep a record.  This amendment is not going to do anything to change what happened in California and the West. That is done. But it does provide the necessary authority for the CFTC to protect other parts of this country against this kind of thing happening again. And it well could happen.  Nobody thought we would ever see the kind of event that blacked out most of the east coast and the Midwest, but we did. Nobody thought we would ever see what happened in the West, but we did. Nobody ever thought anybody would come up with schemes like ``Ricochet,'' ``Death Star,'' ``Get Shorty,'' ``Fat Boy,'' but they did. Nobody thought they could use them to commit a manipulation of the market, but they did.  I will leave you with one fact: The total cost of electricity in California in 2000 was $7 billion. The cost the next year was $28 billion. Does anyone believe that market forces--namely, supply and demand--could account for a 400-percent increase in the cost of electricity in a year? The answer has to be no. The answer has to be that bad things were done.  So we have worked on this amendment. I sit on the Energy Committee. I have tried to pay a great deal of attention to these matters, to follow this, and I am absolutely convinced that America and the business climate of America is much better off when things are transparent, when there are records kept, when there is a regulatory authority that can say: Whoa. Something may be going haywire. Let's take a look at it. That is all we do--no more and no less than for any commodity.  I wish to say one other thing. A financial derivative is not like an energy derivative. For people to confuse this and say it affects financial derivatives is not right. Energy is a finite commodity. There is a beginning and there is an end, and it is different from a financial derivative.  Mr. President, may I ask how much time our side has remaining?  