 President, if I might, I would like to read an editorial that was published in the Los Angeles Times. I think it is pertinent. It was published on the 30th of last month, a few days ago. It is entitled, ``Move Past the Grudges.''       The United States should act to review tattered alliances      that will be needed in the fight against terrorism.  It goes on to point out:       Blair visited Bush at Camp David last week and readily      acknowledged the bruises left by the rancorous United Nations      debate before the war. When Bush was asked about the many      nations that declined to join the Iraq war alliance, he      replied only that the United States and Britain had plenty of      Western allies that continue to stand with us. Blair,      however, frankly conceded that many countries disagree with      what we are doing. How that divide is handled now and after      the war will affect global relationships for years to come.  Mr. President, I could not agree more. I don't know why we have any need to be small, to be rancorous, and to be bitter. Right now, we have our men and women in harm's way, and the battle is turning and it is favoring our side. The hope should be that we can put this conflict to an end, that we can mend the wounds, that we can rebuild the country, that we can show to the entire Muslim/Arab world that America is indeed an open, fair, democratic country, and we care about the Muslim people.  I don't believe any purpose is served by this amendment. I don't believe the world is going to be a better place because we pass this amendment. I don't believe we are going to be able to restore or bind any wounds with this amendment. I believe we will drive deeper the scars into the psyche of America with this amendment. I believe we will spread apart our alliances with this kind of amendment. I hope this amendment is not a harbinger of things to come on the floor of the U.S. Senate because I believe it does disrespect to a strong, able, competent, and compassionate United States of America. I urge its defeat.  