  We all must understand this ethanol amendment is a permanent mandate. Regardless of what advances are made in technology, whether a hybrid engine, whether a hydrogen-driven engine, regardless of any advance, this ethanol mandate is forever. Therefore, it offers very real concern.  In the pending first-degree ethanol amendment, there is a waiver now that allows the Administrator of the EPA to waive the ethanol amendment if it would harm the economy or the environment of a State, a region, or the United States. I believe the EPA Administrator should also be able to waive the ethanol mandate if a State or a region does not need ethanol to make the air cleaner and meet the requirements of the Clean Air Act. Why require something that is not needed? Why require it if there should be an advance in technology that makes the use of ethanol unnecessary?  California and other States that do not need ethanol to meet the requirements of the Clean Air Act should be allowed to make their case to the EPA and then the Administrator can decide if the ethanol mandate should be waived.  For California, the ethanol mandate will force more ethanol into our fuel supply than we need to achieve clean air. The mandate forces California to use over 8 years 2.5 billion gallons that the State does not need.  This chart makes very clear this is a superfluous mandate. The blue shows what California needs in terms of ethanol over the next 8 years, to 2012. The top amount is 143 million gallons. It averages about 140 million gallons a year. California could use that amount and meet all of the clean air standards. This bill requires California to use over this period of time up to 600 million gallons, so it almost triples in the outyears the amount of ethanol that is forced on California beyond its need. This is a real problem in terms of legislation. Why would anyone force something on a State that it does not need and then provide, if the State does not use it, that it has to pay anyway?  If anything is poor public policy, this ethanol mandate is poor public policy. It also actually achieves a transfer of wealth from all States to the midwest corn States.  California does not need ethanol to produce cleaner air because the State has developed its own unique gasoline formula. Refiners use an approach called the predictive model which can produce clean burning reformulated gasoline with oxygenates, with less than 2 percent oxygenate or with no oxygenate at all.  As Red Cavaney, president of the American Petroleum Institute, said in March before the Energy and Natural Resources Committee:       Refiners have been saying for years that they can produce      gasoline meeting clean-burning fuels and federal reformulated      gasoline requirements without the use of oxygenates. . . . In      addition, reformulated blendstocks--the base in which      oxygenates are added--typically meet RFG performance      requirements before oxygenates are added. These facts      demonstrate that oxygenates are not needed.  As a matter of fact, virtually every refiner I talked to says if you want to clean the air, give us flexibility, allow us to blend gasoline to do that. In other words, set the standards as the Clean Air Act does and allow us to have the flexibility needed to meet those standards.  This mandate prevents that. It is driven by the self-interest of the corn States and driven by the self-interest of the ethanol producers, of which the largest beneficiary is Archer Daniels Midland. Archer Daniels Midland will control 46 percent of the ethanol market, with every other company controlling not more than 6 percent of the market. In essence, what we are doing is giving a huge transfer of wealth to one American company, an American company that has been convicted of corrupt practices in the 1990s.  I have real problems with this bill. As I said, California can achieve clean air without the use of oxygenates. The State has long sought a waiver of the 2-percent oxygenate requirement. I have written and called former EPA Administrator Browner, the current Administrator, Christine Todd Whitman, and President Clinton and President Bush, urging approval of a waiver for our State. Yet both the Clinton administration and the Bush administration have denied California's request. Despite the scientific evidence, it is unlikely that the EPA Administrator will ever grant a waiver for California, but I believe the necessity of the ethanol mandate for a State or region should be something the EPA Administrator considers. I don't believe it is too much to ask for the EPA to consider if ethanol is needed in a specific State or region when determining if a waiver from the mandate should be granted.  As I say, this amendment simply amends the waiver part of the Frist-Daschle bill to permit a waiver in the event that a State can demonstrate to the EPA Administrator that it can meet the clean air standards without the use of ethanol.  I hope this amendment will have an opportunity of being agreed to. I believe it is the right thing to do. I believe it is the good public policy thing to do. I believe that creating a mandate preventing flexibility in the blending of gasoline forever--which this mandate does--is flawed and potentially dangerous public policy.  I yield the floor.  