 One size-fits-all solutions just do not work. We should not force every State to rely on national regulations. National regulations move too slowly and are often just not strong enough for States with a lot of pollution.  We have heard a lot about unfunded mandates lately in the Senate. We have given the States a duty to protect public health. The small engine provision does not change the States' responsibility but it takes away a mechanism by which they might comply with this mandate. This provision, in a sense, creates another unfunded mandate.  The amended provision still creates a very bad precedent. I don't think one company should be allowed to overturn States' rights under the Clean Air Act, especially when that company said on their annual report to the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 11, 2003, that the disputed regulation would not ``have a material effect on their financial condition or results of operations, given that California represents a relatively small percentage of Briggs & Stratton's engine sales and increased costs will be passed on to California consumers.''  This is their 10-K, their report to the Securities and Exchange Commission, from just 2 months ago. Where does the truth really lie? If California is just a small part of the company's market and the company will just pass on the costs, why does Briggs and Stratton object to the California regulation and insist on changing the Clean Air Act? It makes no sense.  I believe people will pay the necessary costs for cleaner engines. I believe that people will pay for cleaner lawnmowers when they learn that you have to drive your car for 13 hours to produce as much pollution as your lawn mower does in 1 hour.  Every company and every industry needs to do their part to protect public health. Briggs & Stratton should be no different. We should not allow them to pass the buck to other industries.  Once again I will quote from a letter from Allen Lloyd, the Chairman of the California Air Resources Board, about this provision. According to Mr. Lloyd,     . . . the aggregate impact of the 50 hp [horsepower]      preemption will be 70 tons per day of smog by 2010, the date      by which California's various offroad regulations would have      been fully effective. This tonnage impact is over and above      Federal regulations for the same emission sources and      reflects California's more health-protective rules. For      context, 70 tons per day is equivalent to adding 2.4 million      cars to California roadways . . .  So when the conference committee includes this provision in their conference report, they are effectively adding 70 tons of pollutants to California's air each day. The California Air Resources Board has also said that this provision could well result in the death of more than 300 people per year in California alone.  California already has seven nonattainment areas, more than any other State. My State has the worst air quality in the country, and now this provision is taking away the State's right to regulate some of the dirtiest engines available. It is a strike at the core of States' rights under the Clean Air Act.  The small engine provision also threatens our economy. California has to reduce emissions from these engines to comply with air quality requirements under the Clean Air Act. Taking away the State's right to reduce emissions threatens our State Implementation Plan, with serious economic consequences.  Violating the State's plan will jeopardize $1 billion in transportation funds per year in Southern California alone. The South Coast could lose those funds next summer. The South Coast has the worst air quality in the nation and cannot afford to lose $1 billion per year in transportation funds.  Statewide, this provision threatens $2.4 billion in transportation funds. And this is just in California.  So this has huge ramifications for my State and every other State facing serious pollution. They will all be in a serious situation in the future when the time comes and they find their hands are tied because one company did not want to build cleaner engines.  It has become clear that the supporters of the small engine provision have confused two very different ideas. Just because a group is concerned about the California regulation on lawn and garden equipment does not mean they support the small engine provision.  The California Association of Fire Chiefs has expressed important safety concerns about a specific regulation. But the chiefs have also clearly said they oppose the small engine provision because of its affect on States' rights. The Fire Chiefs understand the importance of state leadership on these issues. To quote the chiefs' November 11 letter in reference to the small engine provision:       We were never asked to comment on this matter, but for the      record, we do not support legislation that would interfere      with a state's ability to protect its own citizens.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Fire Chiefs' letter from November 11 be printed in the Record following my remarks.  