 President, yesterday Senator Kennedy and I came to the floor and we spent some time arguing on behalf of an amendment to this bill which contained language similar to what was recently past by a large majority in the House of Representatives. The bill passed by the House of Representatives struck the language that appropriates funds to begin a new generation of nuclear weapons.  Now, there are some on the other side who say, and continue to say, this is just a study; there is no development. I believe that is not the case. Let me connect the dots for you.  In January of 2002, the administration put forward a Nuclear Posture Review which advocates the development of new types of nuclear weapons. Later that year, the President signed National Security Directive 17, indicating that the United States might use nuclear weapons first to respond to a chemical or biological attack.  Earlier this year, a decade-old prohibition on the development of low-yield nuclear weapons was rescinded in the Defense authorization bill. For 10 years, this kind of thing was prohibited. That prohibition, known as the Spratt-Furse amendment, was repealed earlier this year.  This spring a statement of administration policy for the Defense authorization bill clearly included support for the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.  In this bill the Senate is being asked to provide the dollars to begin this effort--$15 million for the study of a robust nuclear earth penetrator. We are talking in excess of 100 kilotons; $6 million for advanced concepts research, including low-yield weapons; funding for enhanced test site readiness; and a huge new $4 billion plutonium pit facility--all of this when we are already spending $2.3 billion for a Los Alamos facility that can provide replacement for the U.S. nuclear stockpile.  We are strongly opposed to America beginning a new generation of nuclear weapons. We are opposed to it for two reasons: No. 1, the low-yield nuclear weapon--under 5 kilotons--essentially begins to blur the use between conventional and nuclear weapons, therefore making it easier to use. And, No. 2, because the world will watch this and the world will respond. The way in which they will respond is with a new nuclear arms race.  If the United States begins to develop tactical, battlefield nuclear weapons, how long will it take for two indigenous nuclear powers, namely India and Pakistan, arch enemies, to say we should do the same thing. How long will it take for North Korea or Iran or any other nation that so seeks to begin such a similar program?  As many internationally have said: America preaches nonproliferation, and then it goes ahead and develops new nuclear weapons.  I think that is hypocritical. I do not think this country should be in that position.  So we strike these items; we fence two, we place the rest of the money in deficit reduction.  I want to say a few words about the nuclear pits because I think there is some misunderstanding. Although current production capacity may be limited, it is simply not true, as some have asserted, that the United States lacks the capacity to manufacture replacement pits. According to the Department of Energy's own Web site:       The first pit that could be certified for use in the      stockpile was manufactured in April 2003 as a first step to      establish an interim--10 to 20 pits per year--production      capability at Los Alamos in 2007.  And the Los Alamos facility can be modified to produce 150 pits a year.  Although the exact number is classified, reputable open sources estimate that there are between 5,000 and 12,000 extra pits in reserve at Pantex, beyond the 10,600 current intact warheads.  The average age of the plutonium pits in the U.S. stockpile is 19 years, and the Department of Energy estimates a pit minimum life to be between 45 and 60 years, with no life-limiting factors.  This is the beginning. This money will go to field a new generation of nuclear weapons. We should not do this. The House had the good sense to eliminate this language. The Senate should follow.  I yield the floor.  