 I think he is referring to an amendment that I will introduce at a later time having to do with clearing up the health definition in the bill.  The health definition in the bill is archaic. The vast majority of states have adopted more fully inclusive definitions, and we would like to have that definition in the bill.  Prior to the break for lunch, I was beginning to explain why the bill before us has a weak privacy standard on affiliate sharing. Specifically, the underlying bill permits financial institutions to share a customer's transaction and experience information with affiliates with few, if any, restrictions. As I stated, transaction and experience information could include extremely sensitive information about individuals such as their bank account balance and data mined from their check or credit accounts or where they buy goods.  If consumers cannot preserve the privacy of their bank balances or the places they go to make purchases, they do not have meaningful privacy protections. That is the weak privacy standard that will become the national norm if this bill passes the way in which it is envisioned.  Supporters of the existing weak standard argue that America's credit environment has thrived since 1996. So they say, why mess with a system that is working? I challenge that assertion.  First, because transaction and experience information remains undefined. As I pointed out before lunch, we asked the CRS to look at current law. We asked them how they would define ``transaction and experience'' information. They said it has never been defined. So it is questionable whether any privacy regime at all exists for the bulk of affiliate-sharing practices.  Secondly, identity theft has emerged as a national epidemic in the last 7 years. Both the chairman and the ranking member of this committee have done their utmost and been very receptive to trying to enact legislation to prevent identity theft.  The Federal Trade Commission recently published a study that suggested 9.9 million Americans are victims of identity theft every year. The cost is $50 billion annually. Studies have shown that much identity theft occurs in the workplace. So increased affiliate sharing will likely facilitate this crime. Potentially, thousands of employees in affiliated businesses will have increased access to the currency of identity theft, and that is Social Security numbers and other sensitive identifying information, such as date and place of birth and mother's maiden name.  In her testimony before the Senate Banking Committee, Vermont Assistant Attorney General Julie Brill directly linked affiliate sharing to identity theft. Here is what she said:       Many identity fraud cases stem from the perpetrator's      purchase of consumers' personal information from commercial      data brokers. Financial institutions' information sharing      practices contribute to the risk of identity theft by greatly      expanding the opportunity for thieves to obtain access to      sensitive personal information.  So that is what we are doing here. Now, this is a prosecutor who should know. This is what she deals with. So why broaden the scope and opportunity for identity theft to take place?  Assistant Attorney General Brill also cited work by researchers at Michigan State University who studied 1,000 cases of identity theft and found that 50 percent of the victims traced the theft of information to an employee of a company compiling personal data on individuals.  Third, it is an open question whether affiliate sharing has offered any price or service advantage to customers. According to an article by Janet Gertz in the San Diego Law Journal, there is some evidence that businesses use affiliate sharing to extract concessions from consumers. Let me quote her:       By profiling consumers, financial institutions can predict      an individual's demand and price point sensitivity and thus      can alter the balance of power in their price and value      negotiations with that individual. Statistics indicate that      the power shift facilitated by predictive profiling has      proven highly profitable for the financial services industry.      However, there is little evidence that any of these profits      or cost savings are being passed on to consumers.  Just recently, for example, the Federal Reserve issued a report on financial service fees and services showing that fees at larger institutions are generally increasing and services are decreasing.  So we are letting exist this whole area where businesses buy other businesses just to share consumers' data? And the consumer has no control over their personal data. That is wrong.  My colleagues may hear during the debate on this amendment that the affiliate sharing problem is addressed because S. 1753 allows consumers to opt out of certain marketing solicitations by affiliates.  I want to go into this because this has been widely circulated by the financial institutions. Senator Boxer and I were just questioned about it at a press conference we held. In truth, these restrictions that they say are there are grossly inadequate, and they barely scratch the surface of the problem.  Let me describe some of the uses of affiliate sharing that the bill does permit. First, internal credit reports: The bill permits companies to use transaction and experience information to create internal credit reports.  Martin Wong, general counsel of Citigroup's Global Consumer Group, testified before the Senate Banking Committee in June that:       Citigroup is able to use the credit information and      transaction histories that we collect from affiliates to      create internal credit scores and models that help determine      a customer's eligibility for credit.  In other words, a bank can use transaction and experience from its affiliates to determine if it is going to charge a higher interest rate to certain credit card customers and give perks to others or to deny a credit applicant a credit card.  In contrast to a traditional credit card report, a consumer has no right of access to transaction and experience information used by a bank to deny him or her credit. Nor would a consumer have any right to correct any errors made in compilation of these internal credit reports. So one can have their credit changed even without their knowledge. It can be wrong, and the person would not know about it. It all happens in this secret world of affiliate sharing.  Similarly, a health insurer could deny a customer a health insurance or life insurance policy based on transaction and experience information. For example, a life insurer might reject an insurance applicant because of evidence in his card or check transaction record that he visits liquor stores frequently, buys products at stores selling mountain climbing equipment and therefore is at risk of injury, or has purchased a gun.  These are just indications. These are just areas. But you can see where this thing is going. Essentially, consumers can be denied products or services and they will have no ability to determine why the denial occurred.  The bill would permit prospective or current employers, without an individual's knowledge or consent, to mine information about the individual from other affiliates with whom the individual does business. This could be used for hiring decisions, disciplinary action, job evaluations, or other employment purposes. Again, all of this goes on simply because you bank with a given bank. You think all these things are protected and in fact they are data-mining checks, where you go, who you are paying. This information is going out to a whole host of other companies, sometimes thousands of companies.  Some affiliates are offshore and American consumer protection laws do not apply to those countries. As United States companies continue to acquire affiliates overseas, consumers may not even be able to depend on existing consumer protection laws to protect information that is shared with an affiliate.  Earlier this month, and many of us read about it, a woman in Pakistan, transcribing medical files for the University of California Medical Center in San Francisco, threatened to post patient medical records on the Internet unless she was paid more money. While we have strict laws governing medical files in the United States, these laws are virtually unenforceable overseas.  The Senate bill does not prevent affiliated companies from accumulating and sharing uncomplimentary information about customers, such as if they have filed for bankruptcy, do not pay their credit on time, or complain a lot. This information can be used to push unprofitable customers into a different tier of customer services. Example, where there are longer waits for a customer representative, or eliminate the customer altogether. All of this happens because of the ease with which this information can be shared among commonly held companies.  Let me give an example. Business Week magazine has reported that Sanwa Bank gives A's to its best customers, but those whose profiles show they will generate less revenues get C's from the bank. The bank tends to charge those earning C's more fees, and is more likely to put them on hold when they call in for service. This type of profiling certainly can occur in the context of affiliate sharing.  Even in the area of marketing, this bill is grossly inadequate. It purports to give consumers the right to opt out of the sharing of transaction and experience information for marketing, but there are loopholes. The institutions are going around the Hill today, pointing out they already do protect this.  Let me talk for a minute about the loopholes. The bill excludes companies from the opt-out if they have a preexisting business relationship with the consumer.  What is a preexisting business relationship? Your guess is as good as mine because the bill doesn't define it. Presumably, a bank could argue it has a preexisting relationship with a consumer if a consumer came into the bank 5 years ago to cash a check, or even just made an inquiry about an account. Additionally, if a consumer does exercise the opt-out for marketing, which is in the bill, the opt-out expires after 5 years. At that time, affiliates can then start marketing again to the customer.  I find it disturbing that the supporters of the bill want to permanently preempt States from enacting stronger affiliate-sharing laws for credit reporting purposes, but only think customers' preferences should be recognized for 5 years.  Last, but perhaps most fundamental, the Senate bill denies the consumer the ability to define the parameters of his or her relationship with a company, and this, I think, is really important. Under the current bill, when a consumer purchases a product from a megacorporation, the consumer automatically, without his or her choice or consent, makes his or her information available to hundreds of companies. Lawyers call this type of relationship, where one side has all the bargaining power, an adhesion contract. Some courts rule these types of contracts invalid because they do not reflect arm's-length negotiation and could result in unconscionable terms for the consumer.  Our amendment is a substitute to the affiliate-sharing language in S. 1753. Supporters of the underlying bill claim the Government needs a viable national standard to ensure the efficiency of our credit market. This amendment provides such a standard. It gives consumers all across the country--in Alabama, in Maryland, in Kentucky, in Colorado, in Washington--the opportunity to have some say, some choice in how their personal data is shared. With the privacy of Americans more at risk because of the latest technological developments and identity theft, with privacy invasions at its core becoming the fastest growing white-collar crime in the United States, we believe strong national standards are critical.  Our amendment reflects the terms of the California privacy law, which the California Bankers Association just a very short time ago called reasonable and workable, and are now lobbying against.  I read the letter of the author of the California bill, which I think irrefutably states the turnaround the financial institutions have done in this opt-out provision. Jim Bruner of the Securities Industry Association stated at the press conference announcing the agreement on California law on August 14, just a short time ago:       ``While we would have preferred a national standard,'' [the      California law] ``encompasses all aspects of the workability      needed to ensure protection of consumers' privacy.''  And then they turned around and did a 180.  Jamie Clark of the California Bankers Association said at the same press conference that the banks:       ``. . . have no objection to the measure passing'' and      would tell its supporters to vote for the bill.  Clark added:       ``We prefer a national standard so that you have a uniform      operating environment.''  But they didn't tell anyone in California, which has just passed a new law which provides opt-out, that they could not live with the opt-out standard.  They did not come back here saying the law was sloppily drafted. They liked it then. When you do the law back here, all of a sudden it is sloppily drafted.  Diane Colborn of the Personal Insurance Federation called the California bill ``a balanced measure that will provide meaningful privacy protections to consumers while also addressing the workability concerns that our members and customers had.''  The California credit unions supported this legislation and still do. I thank them for their support.  This amendment offers businesses in California and around the country the chance to get a moderate, reasonable, uniform national standard on personal privacy.  Under the amendment, companies would be required to give consumers notice of their intent to share transactions and experience and other information with their affiliates. Consumers would then have the opportunity to opt out--to say, I don't want you to do it, or to do nothing at which point the information could be shared. The company would be notified and would give them, I hope, a choice of whether their most personal information is shared among affiliates.  This amendment would also allow closely related affiliates in the same line of business to share information with each other. Specifically, companies would not need to provide an opt-out choice if one, the affiliate is regulated by the same functional regulator--an example of that is institutions that regulate financial service institutions such as the Office of Thrift Supervision and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency would be considered the same functional regulator; two, the affiliate engages in the same line of business. An example of that is the selling of securities, banking services, and insurance would all be considered independent lines of business; three, the affiliate shares a common brand identification; and four, the affiliate is a wholly owned subsidiary of the same company.  The amendment also has numerous other exceptions that were ironed out after 4 years of negotiation in California to meet the practical needs of business. The exceptions include the following: No. 1, information maintained in common databases. This is another false rumor that is being spread on this bill. This amendment allows employees of an affiliate to have access to information maintained in a common information system or database so long as the information is not accessed, disclosed, or used.  That is the key. It doesn't require new databases. It doesn't mess up their database. It just says you can't access it if the individual opts out.  This exception is necessary because we don't want to disadvantage companies that have streamlined operations by combining databases and other information technology resources. On the other hand, this amendment still permits consumers to have a choice over whether information in the database can be used for secondary purposes.  This amendment, as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley and California law, has an exception for transactional uses of information.  Information sharing ``necessary to affect, administer or enforce a transaction requested or authored by the consumer'' or ``with the consent or at the direction of the consumer'' is excluded from the opt-out.  Our amendment has exceptions for affiliate sharing of personal information that is necessary for companies to effectively manage their operations. For example, for security purposes, institutional risk control, and to respond to customer disputes or inquiries.  Proponents for unrestricted sharing of affiliate information argue that it is needed to solve identity theft. They correctly point out that companies can track unlawful purchases or suspicious activity by monitoring unusual account activity, change of address requests, and other suspicious behavior.  This amendment explicitly allows for affiliates to share information ``to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud, identify theft,'' et cetera.  In addition, the amendment has exceptions relating to a business, a merger, a sale, a transfer; to comply with Federal, State, or local laws; for outsourcing functions with vendors such as data processing or billing; and, to identify or locate missing and abducted children, witnesses, criminals and fugitives, parties to lawsuits, parents delinquent in child support payments, organ and bone marrow donors, pension fund beneficiaries, and missing heirs, or to report known or suspected instance of elder or dependent adult financial abuses; and an exception is also carved out for the United States of America PATRIOT Act.  I deeply believe that without this opt-out the National Consumer Credit Reporting System Improvement Act would create a permanent and unworkable Federal standard that would set back the privacy of personal information and allow sensitive personal data to be moved through dozens, hundreds, and, in some cases, thousands of other companies.  This amendment is quite simple. It is about consumer choice.  I am puzzled at the ferocity with which the financial institutions and the banks are lobbying against this amendment. They serve people. That is what they are there to do--serve people. Shouldn't someone know if this information is being marketed within the loophole? Shouldn't someone have the opportunity to say, I don't want you to use my information? In fact, I think I am going to change banks, if they do this. Find a bank that won't do it. That would be my advice to everybody.  I think consumers should be given the opportunity to tell a bank they don't want their information shared with other companies. This is America. We should have that freedom. We should have that right. If you vote for this amendment, Americans will.  Do I have a few more minutes? If I could quickly set aside this amendment and send one other amendment to the desk, I will not speak to it.  I am happy to wait. I will yield the floor at this time and do it later.  Thank you very much.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I don't mind waiting a few minutes if the Senator from California wishes to proceed.  