 I think this discussion is constructive and I am pleased to partake in this exchange with my good friend from Idaho.  This is a report entitled ``The Over-the-Counter Derivatives Market in the Commodity Exchange Act'' which was written by the President's working group on financial markets in 1999.  On page 16 of that report, it goes on to say--and I want to read it in its context:       Due to the characteristics of markets for nonfinancial      commodities with finite supplies--  Which energy would be one--     the working group is unanimously recommending that the      exclusion--  In other words, the loophole--     not be extended to agreements involving such commodities. For      example, in the case of agricultural commodities, production      is seasonal and volatile and the underlying commodity is      perishable, factors that make the markets for these products      susceptible to supply and pricing distortions and to      manipulation. There have also been several well known efforts      to manipulate the prices of certain metals by attempting to      corner the cash or futures markets. Moreover, the cash market      for many nonfinancial commodities is dependent on the futures      market for price discovery. The CFTC, however, should retain      its authority to grant exemptions for derivatives involving      nonfinancial commodities as it did in 1993 for energy      products, where exemptions are in the public interest and      otherwise consistent with the Commodities Exchange Act.  Then the loophole was promulgated. The section of the Commodities Exchange Act which contains that loophole is section 2(g) and is titled, ``Excluded Swap Transactions.''  The section reads, No provision of this Act (other than section 5a (to the extent provided in sections 5a(g)), 5b, 5d, or 12(e)(2) shall apply to or govern any agreement, contract or transaction in a commodity other than an agricultural commodity if agreement, contract or transaction is . . .  And then it goes on.  This section in the Commodities Exchange Act is what creates the loophole, and that is the problem that we are trying to correct in this legislation. I believe we do correct it.  Again, it is very hard for me--and this might have something to do with the fact we went thorough it the west--to understand why we would not want to deter this activity and strengthen the rules to prohibit such manipulation from happening in the future.  We want to be very certain that with all of this kind of trading, including over the counter trades and electronic trades, that the records are kept and there is an audit trail clearly exists and there is an opportunity for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to note something may be wrong and hold the proper investigation. This is no more and no less than what exists on the exchange today.  Why should this secret world of trading be allowed to exist? I know people get rich through it. This secret trading world allows people to get rich by engaging in fraudulent trades, as was seen during the Western energy crisis. It is this type of manipulative behavior that we are trying to stop.  I can't understand why the administration would not want to support this. When Mr. Greenspan came in and talked to me a few years ago when we first proposed this legislation, his main concern was financial derivatives. This is why we made certain, as I have said in my comments, that this legislation does not concern financial derivatives. He may well have expanded his view to all kinds of over-the-counter trades since then, but at the time I sat down and met with him, that was not his position.  Regardless, we are talking about public policy. We are talking about protecting the people of America. We are talking about strengthening the law so that what happened on the west coast can never happen in the Midwest or on the east coast or any part of the nation.  I mentioned what the attorney general of the State of New York--the attorney general, not a deputy--Mr. Spitzer, has written. Once again, let me read what he said. He is the one who prosecutes many of these cases and I really think his views in this area should make a difference.  He says:       I urge your amendment's adoption. In addition to providing      wholesale electricity markets, the transparency vital to      effective competition, the amendment closes loopholes used to      manipulate energy markets. It improves the ability to detect      fraud and other manipulation, and it deters manipulation by      establishing substantive penalties.  This is the attorney general of the State of New York who is going to be prosecuting many of these cases. He says it is a wise thing to do, it is a prudent thing to do, and you should do it.  He also says that this amendment makes a major contribution to competitive energy markets by initiating an electronic information system to be operated through the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. I have already talked about this. Earlier, I said how this legislation will provide open access to comprehensive, timely, and reliable wholesale electricity and transmission prices. The attorney general repeats that. He says:       The reliability of market information would be markedly      improved by the amendment's--  Don't we want that? I think so--     general prohibition on manipulation of the purchase or sale      of electricity, or the transmission services needed to      deliver electricity and by the specific prohibition of the      round trip trading manipulation used so effectively to      inflate electricity prices to the public's injury.  This is the prosecutor in one of the main States that would have this kind of litigation.  Then he goes on to say:       Enforcement of the law and regulation safeguarding our      energy markets would be greatly aided by other reforms the      amendment provides. The amendment would repeal the so-called      Enron exemption which shields large energy traders from      oversight.  Once again, I want to iterate that this is the attorney general of New York speaking.       In addition, the amendment would apply to anti-manipulation      and anti-fraud provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act--  I just read to this provision to you. Clearly this section of the Act is inadequate by anybody's reading to effectively regulate all energy transactions--       Our legislation would improve the Federal Energy Regulatory      Commission's ability to     address complaints, and it would lift the restriction on the      Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's authority to order      refunds. These reforms will make accountable parties, which      are currently beyond the law's reach accountable for their      actions and will increase recovery of overcharges.  Once again, I ask, don't we want to do this? Do we really want to protect these people who are willing to do such harmful things to the American people?  I am shocked at the administration's letter. I thought they were there to protect the public.  I thank the Chair. I reserve the remainder of my time.  