 President, I rise in support of Senator Boxer's amendment to strike the budget resolution provision opening the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil drilling.  To begin, I do not believe that the ANWR provision should be attached to a budget resolution. ANWR is a prominent national issue, arousing the passions of people of both sides. Regardless of one's view on the issue, the question of whether to open the refuge to drilling warrants an independent debate on the floor of the U.S. Senate.  We must also remember that a majority of Americans--55 percent according to the latest poll--oppose drilling in the refuge. We should not use backdoor techniques to sneak a drilling provision through on a technicality.  The budget bill is simply not the appropriate forum for the Arctic Refuge debate.  As a member of the Energy Committee, I believe the ANWR debate is better addressed in the context of an energy bill.  Now to discuss the provision itself. Proponents of drilling claim that drilling in ANWR will free us from our dependence on oil from the Middle East. This is simply not the case.  The bottom line is that, according to estimates from the United States Geological Survey, the Arctic Refuge would yield only about 6 months' worth of oil.  Facts are, we would have to get the oil over a longer period but would still receive less than a million barrels of oil per day even at peak production.  Furthermore, the oil would not flow for at least 10 years and would do nothing for our current national security situation.  Even the Energy Information Administration, the most optimistic forecaster of ANWR's oil potential, estimates that drilling in ANWR would reduce our oil imports by only 2 percent by 2020. And for a reduction of 2 percent, we would damage a national treasure.  Proponents of drilling would also have us believe that we can drill in ANWR without significant environmental cost. However, as the recent report by the National Academies shows us, even with the newest technologies, oil exploration and development harm the North Slope's Wildlife, ecosystems, and wilderness qualities.  The report tells us that the effects of previous development on the North Slope will remain for centuries, and we know that the oil is a short term supply.  To quote the report, we face an essential trade-off in assessing ``whether the benefits derived from oil and gas activities justify acceptance of the inevitable accumulated undesirable effects'' that accompany development on the North Slope. My answer to this question is a resounding no, the small benefits are simply not worth the costs.  Development's effects on wildlife warrant more discussion. According to the National Academies' report, oil exploration and development has negatively affected--and will continue to affect--caribou and bowhead whales.  In some developed areas, feeding on garbage has caused population explosions of predators and the local populations of nesting birds can no longer support themselves without immigration from undeveloped areas.  As more and more of the North Slope falls prey to oil development, one has to wonder from where the additional birds will come.  Therefore, while I agree that we are too dependent on foreign oil, and need to reduce that dependence, drilling for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is simply not the answer. Drilling would not give us energy security and would carry huge environmental costs.  Reducing oil consumption and increasing Corporate Average Fuel Economy, or CAFE standards, is the better route to energy security.  In contrast to a small, temporary supply available far in the future and including serious environmental consequences, simply raising average fuel economy standards for sport utility vehicles could save us more than a million barrels per day by 2020.  The savings from increasing efficiency would begin sooner than oil from ANWR and, unlike oil from ANWR, the savings would not run out. Raising CAFE standards for all vehicles would save even more oil.  I would like to focus on energy security for a moment. If we truly want to increase our energy independence, it is vital that we understand why we are now so dependent on foreign oil.  The United States contains only 2 percent of the world's oil reserves and only 4 percent of the world population. And yet we consume 25 percent of the oil produced worldwide.  Almost two-thirds of that oil goes to fuel the transportation sector.  Given our current level of consumption in relation to our domestic reserves, it is clear that modest increases in domestic production--as from ANWR--will not solve our energy problems.  Reducing consumption is the key to increasing America's energy security.  Our system of fuel economy standards needs updating. When CAFE standards were created in 1975, the U.S. consumed about 16 million barrels of oil per day and imported a little more than a third of that oil. Today, American consumes about 19 million barrels each day but we now import more than half of that oil.  When fuel economy standards were first implemented, a lower standard was created for light trucks because they were not considered passenger vehicles. At the time, light duty trucks made up a small percentage of vehicles on the road and were primarily used for agriculture and commerce, not as passenger vehicles.  Today, however, SUVs are predominantly passenger vehicles and yet they are still held to a lower fuel economy standard than other cars.  The fuel economy standard for other passenger automobiles has remained constant at 27.5 miles per gallon since 1990, while the standard for SUVs and light trucks has been just 20.7 miles per gallon since 1991. This lower standard is called the ``SUV loophole.''  When there were few SUVs and light trucks on our roads, the SUV loophole did not affect our national oil consumption. However, with SUVs and light duty trucks now making up almost half of all new vehicles sold, overall fuel economy has reached its lowest level in two decades. We have been moving backwards.  Senator Snowe and I have introduced a bill which would require SUVs and light duty trucks, which are used as passenger vehicles, to meet the same fuel economy standards as other passenger vehicles by 2011.  According to the National Academy of Sciences, automakers can meet the higher standard with existing technologies.  The Feinstein-Snowe bill would save 1 million barrels of oil a day, more than we can expect to recover from ANWR, and, again, these benefits would not run out.  Our legislation would increase SUV fuel economy, reduce oil consumption,and increase energy security. But just closing the SUV loophole is not enough.  The Feinstein-Snowe legislation would also increase the average fuel economy of the Federal Government's fleet of vehicles. With Federal vehicles comprising about one percent of all vehicles sold in the U.S. each year, the Federal Government should set an example and reduce the Federal fleet's fuel consumption.  Increasing fuel economy includes additional benefits. First, increased efficiency will protect consumers from higher gasoline costs. Our bill would save American motorists billions of dollars per year at the pump.  Second, the Feinstein-Snowe bill would fight global warming by preventing about 240 million tons of carbon dioxide from entering the atmosphere each year.  Still, we should also go beyond the Feinstein-Snowe legislation and increase average fuel economy standards for all cars.  Raising average fuel economy standards to 39 miles per gallon, an achievable goal, would save 51 billion barrels of oil over the next 50 years, 5 to 10 times more than what is technically recoverable from ANWR.  So if this were really a debate on our dependence on foreign oil, we would already have passed legislation to improve fuel economy standards.  Drilling in ANWR, on the other hand, would not significantly increase our energy security and would not fight climate change. Because the price of oil is set on the world market and the quantity of oil in ANWR would not affect the world price, drilling in ANWR also would not save consumers any money.  To sum up, drilling in ANWR is simply not worth the price. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is a crown jewel of the National Wildlife Refuge system.  ANWR is the only conservation unit in the U.S. encompassing a complete range of arctic ecosystems, and the coastal plain provides essential habitat for many species.  The coastal plain, which proponents of drilling paint as small and insignificant, is the ecological heart of the refuge, the center of wildlife activity, and the calving area of the porcupine caribou herd.  Proponents of drilling would have us risk all of this for a small amount of oil that would not even begin to flow for 10 years and would barely reduce our dependence on foreign oil.  The National Academies' report shows us that we should not consider the drilling provision in isolation. We must consider both the role of the coastal plain in the overall refuge and the cumulative effects of development in surrounding areas.  ANWR is a crucial part of the larger landscape and is now the only sliver of the North Slope coastal plain that the administration is not opening to leasing.  In short, the refuge's coastal plain is too precious, and contains too little oil, for us to allow drilling to take place.  Although the National Academies' report is silent regarding ANWR policy, the chairman of the committee, Dr. Gordon Orians, has said that he hopes the report will inform the debate. The committee's findings should inform our decision. The price of drilling is simply too high.  Future generations will thank us for our foresight in protecting the ANWR coastal plain and its wildlife. They will thank us for finding other avenues to increased energy security.  