 President, with the dramatic and precipitous fall of many Iraqi cities, including Baghdad, the military conflict in Iraq is all but officially over.  Isolated pockets of resistance still exist and there is the looming threat of suicide bombings, as happened last Friday at an ammunitions depot. But we can now proclaim that the barbarous regime of Saddam Hussein and his Ba'ath Party has finally come to an end.  As the military aspect subsides, the number of casualties--United States, coalition, and Iraqi--is also diminishing. And this, clearly, is wonderful news. Still, regrettably, there have been those over the last few weeks who have made the ultimate sacrifice, some of them with close ties to California. I would like to take a moment to honor these brave and selfless individuals.  Marine Cpl Jesus Medellin: On April 7, 21-year-old Jesus ``Marty'' Medellin was killed when an enemy artillery shell struck his vehicle. The second of four boys from a very close family from Fort Worth, TX, Medellin was remembered as a warm and relaxed family man who was active in local church.  As soon as he graduated from W.E. Boswell High School, in the year 2000, he went straight to Marine boot camp, having decided to do so when only 12 years old. ``There's no prouder way of losing someone than through serving their country,'' said his father, Freddy Medellin, Sr., who was prevented from joining the military because of physical problems.  As part of the 3rd Assault Amphibian Battalion, First Marine Division, based in Camp Pendleton, CA, Cpl Jesus Medellin died doing what he had always dreamed of doing. Americans everywhere should be as proud of him as his family.  Marine Sgt Duane Rios: Remembered as a gentle giant, as a light-hearted person with an infectious laugh, 6-foot-3-inch Duane Rios was killed in combat on the outskirts of Baghdad, on Friday, April 4. He was a squad leader for the 1st Combat Engineer Battalion of the 1st Marine Division, from Camp Pendleton, CA.  Raised in Indiana by his grandmother, Rios graduated from Griffith High School in 1996. It was there that he met his future bride, Erica, who, upon hearing of her husband's death, told the San Diego Union Tribune that ``there's no way he'd leave me behind knowing I couldn't take it. . . . He was a great guy, none better. . . . He did his job with pride because it was something that he felt was right.''  She recalled how much they loved the view of the ocean at San Clemente, walking their dog on the beach, and watching the sunset. Her strength, along with her husband's sacrifice, should serve as an inspiration to us all.  Marine 1stSgt Edward C. Smith: A 38-year-old native of Chicago, Sgt Edward Smith had served in the U.S. Marine Corps for 20 years, and had served for 4 years as a reserve officer for the police department of Anaheim, CA. His hope was to retire from the Marines and become a full-time police officer. He died in Qatar, of combat injuries sustained in central Iraq, on April 5.  A veteran of Operations Desert Storm and Desert Shield, Sergeant Smith received many commendations, including the Navy Commendation Medal and two Navy Achievement Medals  After graduating from the Palomar Police Academy with the ``Top Cop'' award, Sergeant Smith went on to receive such honors as the Rookie of the Year for the Anaheim Police Department and the Orange County Reserve Police Officer of the Year in 2001.  His coworkers in Anaheim remember Edward as a gentleman and a professional. He would send them e-mails and makeshift postcards made from empty MRE containers--one which promised that he would wear his SWAP cap into Baghdad.  Sergeant Smith leaves behind his wife Sandy and three young children, Nathan, Ryan, and Shelby. At a news conference held at the Anaheim police department, Ryan, an extraordinarily mature 10-year-old, talked about how their father was always there when they needed help.  ``It made me feel so good,'' the boy said. ``He was the best dad you could ever have. I miss him a lot.''  Police Sgt. Rick Martinez, one of 100 colleagues who turned out to support the Smith family, noted that ``we all fell in love with his children. Edward's got to be so proud right now.''  And so America is so very proud of Sergeant Smith. Army Pvt. Devon D. Jones: Army Pvt. Devon Jones left for boot camp just a few weeks after graduating from Lincoln High School, in San Diego, last June. He was just 19 years old.  It was only 3 years earlier that, after moving from one San Diego group home to another, the artillery specialist found a foster mother who he called mom.  ``I'm honored to talk about him,'' his foster mother Evelyn Houston said. ``He was a strong spirit. He was cool, but compassionate, and always concerned about everyone's well-being.''  He joined the military in order to pay for his education--his goal was to be a writer and a teacher.  In a letter he sent to his family last month, Private Jones described his life in the desert. ``Sometimes I just look into the sky at the stars and wonder what you all are doing, and smile.  ``Hold on, be patient,'' he concluded, ``and know there is a reason for everything.''  GySgt. Jeffrey Bohr: 39-year-old Marine GySgt. Jeffrey Bohr, who was killed in downtown Baghdad during a 7-hour shootout outside a mosque, had been in the military his entire adult life. He joined the Army fresh of high school in Iowa, where he rode horses and played football, but switched to the Marine Corps 5 years later.  A large, broad-shouldered man known for his boundless energy--he could run all day with the younger Marines he commanded--Sergeant Bohr was also quiet and down-to-earth.  He lived with his wife Lori in San Clemente, CA, and loved reading history and John Grisham novels and taking his two boxers, Tank and Sea Czar, on 10-mile runs. He was also a diehard Oakland Raiders fan.  The last time Sergeant Bohr called Lori was a little over a month ago--he spoke of sandstorms and his belief that they would make good parents.  Lori's brother, Craig Clover, called Sergeant Bohr ``a stand-up guy--do it by the rules. For a friend or family, he'd do anything . . . and he loved the military.''  Marine LCpl Donald Cline Jr.: The same was true with 21 year-old LCpl Donald Cline, Jr., who was listed as missing in action just over 1 month ago, yet the Department of Defense confirmed last week that he had died in combat outside the city of Nasiriyah, in southern Iraq.  Born in Sierra Madre, CA, Corporal Cline moved to the town of La Crescenta, where he attended the public schools there until moving to Sparks, NV. It was there that he met his future wife Tina. They had two children together Dakota, 2, and Dylan, who is only 7 months old.  Sgt Troy Jenkins: On April 19, in an extraordinary act of heroic selflessness and sacrifice, 25-year-old Sgt Troy Jenkins threw himself on a cluster bomb just before it detonated. As a result, he saved the lives not only of several soldiers in his regiment--the 187th Infantry--but of a 7-year-old Iraqi girl.  Raised by his father in Evergreen, AL, Sergeant Jenkins loved roaming the woods, fishing, and music. He joined the Marines just before graduating from high school, in 1995, and later transferred to the Army. He also served in Afghanistan and was planning to leave the service this summer, with the hopes of joining the California Highway Patrol.  His reason for wanting to leave the military was so that his wife Amanda and their two children, ages 4 and 2, wouldn't be alone again. Amanda was not surprised by the circumstances of his death. ``He didn't have a selfish bone in his body,'' she said. ``He was always thinking of other people first.''  That was demonstrated, well beyond the call of duty, when he willingly gave his own life to save those of his fellow soldiers and a little girl.  1LT Osbaldo Orozco: 1LT Osbaldo Orozco, just 26 years old, was killed in Tikrit, Iraq, when his Bradley tank, rushing to defend a checkpoint under fire, flipped over as it moved into a position to return fire.  Strong, tall and fast, Lieutenant Orozco was a star football player, both at Delano High School, in Delano, CA, and later at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo. At college, he was voted ``Linebacker of the Year,'' was named as a Division II All-American, and racked up over 300 tackles. He gave up the opportunity to go pro by choosing to enter the Army.  He married his high school sweetheart Mayra in 2001. ``He commanded four Bradleys and he loved it,'' she said. ``He was ready to go and do his job. They all were.''  Lieutenant Orozco is also survived by his parents, Jorge and Reyes Orozco, and five brothers, all over 6 feet tall. Together, they spoke with great pride of Osbaldo's many accomplishments--academic and athletic--and those special leadership qualities that so endeared him to the men he commanded.  SFC John W. Marshall: SFC John Winston Marshall was a 30-year veteran of the U.S. Army--a career soldier to the core. He grew up in Los Angeles and kept close family ties in the area. His parents, Odessa and Joseph, live in Sacramento.  It is worth noting that both his parents served in World War II, in many ways as trailblazers for African Americans in the armed services. His mother served as a nurse in England and his father as a quartermaster.  Because of his 30 years of distinguished service, Sergeant Marshall was eligible to leave the Armed Forces with full retirement benefits and had, in fact, planned to retire last year. Yet he decided to stay because of looming hostilities in Iraq. He was struck and mortally wounded by rocket-propelled grenade launched in an ambush by Iraqi troops.  Born in St. Louis, he moved with his family to Los Angeles when he was only 3. An accomplished flute player and a self-taught mechanic who made motor scooters out of lawnmower engines, Sergeant Marshall graduated from Washington High School in 1972 and enlisted in the Army.  He went on to serve during the Vietnam war, in South Korea and Germany, and he was a veteran of Operation Desert Storm. At the time of his death, he was commanding a platoon of 40 men from the 3rd Infantry Division, based at Fort Stewart, GA.  According to his mother Odessa, ``He wasn't there to pass the time; he was there to do a job.''  His wife Denise told the Los Angeles Times: ``He knew it was dangerous. He didn't run from anything.''  And we should also remember that 50-year-old Sergeant Marshall was as devoted to his family as he was to his country. He leaves behind two sons and a daughter, ages 12, 13, and 14.  In one of the last e-mails he sent to his family, he noted: ``I am not a politician or policy maker, just an old soldier.''  Well, we politicians and policymakers must not forget any of these heroes, regardless of their age, rank, religion, sex, or ethnic background. Together, they embody the diversity and consummate professionalism of America's Armed Forces.  We all hope and pray for the time when there will be no more casualty lists--when there will no longer be a need to recount stories of courageous men and women who willingly sacrificed their own lives, and irrevocably changed the lives of their families, their spouses, and children, in order to overthrow Saddam Hussein and liberate the people of Iraq.  Clearly, this conflict was a signal military success, and the casualties were kept relatively small. I could not be prouder of the stellar performance of our Armed Forces.  But we must never forget to honor every single loss, to pay our deepest respects and offer our deepest sympathies to those left behind, to those whose worlds have been so completely changed--and changed forever.  