  I would like to refute his comment on how well things are going in California and ethanol being accommodated by reading an article in the Los Angeles Times of May 10.       California gasoline prices rose higher and faster than pump      prices elsewhere in the nation this year because of supply      problems caused by refinery repairs and the transition to a      new clean-fuel additive, the U.S. Energy Department said      Friday.       Refiners in the state are switching to ethanol as part of      the recipe for cleaner-burning fuel, eliminating water-     polluting methyl tertiary butyl ether, or MTBE, in advance of      a Jan. 1 State ban.       This change in fuel additives, designed to meet the Federal      oxygen requirement for gas, helped push California gas prices      higher and might leave the state short of supplies during      peak summer driving months, the report by the Energy      Information Administration said.       That in turn could trigger more frequent price spikes, said      the EIA, the Energy Department's research and statistical      arm. The agency said the report was a preliminary assessment      and that it plans to release more detailed findings this      fall.       ``There is a chance that California could see a recurring      problem with volatility,'' said Joanne Shore, an EIA senior      analyst who led the team that produced the report.      ``Certainly, that is an issue for this summer that everyone      is going to continue to watch.''       The report, requested by Rep. Doug Ose (R-Sacramento),      provides more ammunition for California officials who have      demanded without success that the state be freed from the      Federal requirement to add oxygenates to its gasoline.  I don't understand why the Democratic leader is so determined to force on those who do not want a special mandate, which not only he doesn't want, but who do not need the special mandate. We can have as clean a gas as they can refine in South Dakota, provided they refine gas in South Dakota. We can do it as well, or better. We can do it in a reformulated formula which will mean clean air standards. The 2 percent oxygenate requirement was flawed and the leader is replacing it with something equally flawed. Supposing in 5 years we have new technology that enables the cleaner burning engine. We still have to put ethanol in it, and we still have to put ethanol in a hydrogen engine.  I guess what I object to--and I can go into trade preferences and I can go into subsidies. Subsidies for a mandate is incredible. It is just such a bad bill.  