 Now we knew that Mr. Sutton, Mrs. Cook, and Mr. Roberts had been pending for some time. But the way things actually work is that the real due diligence is done in preparation for the hearing--it is done when the notice comes out. So we truly need time. And I believe the time to study and do our individual due diligence on each nominee would ease a lot of the raw nerve endings and scar tissue, which is now very evident on this committee.  Because it is the chairman who schedules matters for a vote, it is inevitably members of the minority party who most often need this extra time. As a result, this holdover rule is a rule that is viewed as a protection of minority rights in the Judiciary Committee.  After all, a chairman does not need to hold over a bill. If he doesn't want the committee to consider an issue, he can simply refuse to add the issue to the agenda, or he can pull it off the agenda, if necessary. Many Clinton nominees suffered this fate, and Members have made that clear, I think, time after time in the past couple of weeks.  In any event, this rule has always been interpreted to mean that if a Senator asked for a matter to be held over, the earliest it would come up again was in 1 week. That week comprises 7 days from the meeting at which the rule is invoked.  Now, we have an exchange from 24 years ago between Senators Thurmond and Kennedy about this rule. I want to read from the transcript of that Judiciary Committee meeting that occurred on January 24, 1979. Let me quote from Senator Thurmond:       There is one other matter. We have a custom, I guess since      the committee was founded, that any Senator can carry over      any matter for 1 week, any nomination for 1 week. I assume      there is no objection to continuing that.       Chairman Kennedy: I think that is a reasonable request. I      think that if it is on a Tuesday to a Tuesday--why don't we      just have it on a Tuesday to a Tuesday, so it is 7 days?  Seven days, Mr. President. Now, in my 10 years on the Judiciary Committee, this rule has always been interpreted to mean 7 days. Any matter held over must be held over for 7 days, or until the next markup, whichever occurs later. Obviously, there have been many occasions where a chairman of a committee would have preferred to schedule another markup immediately to move a nominee or a bill forward. After all, a chairman does not schedule a matter for consideration unless he or she is ready to move forward. But regardless of the will of the chairman to move more quickly, there has always been a recognition that rules are rules, and this one has always been followed--until this year.  At the Judiciary Committee markup on Miguel Estrada several weeks ago, the chairman of the committee attempted to interpret the 1-week rule as allowing an issue to be held over for just 6 days rather than 7. Essentially, he decided to interpret 1 week as being 6 days.  Now, before I go into this further, let me say that Senator Hatch is one of my dearest friends in the Senate. He is a fair chairman. I have watched him for a long time. We have worked together on many important issues for the past 10 years. I hold him in the very highest regard. Even on the issue of judicial nominations, I know he did his very best in a very difficult position over the years, when President Clinton was President, to balance the strong will of many of his own caucus against his desire to be fair to President Clinton's judicial nominees, and I believe that very strongly.  If anything, this is an indication of how raw nerve endings really are. That is all at this point in time.  I certainly understand how any chairman might be frustrated by some of us and by perhaps all of us who might attempt to thwart his timetable. But this frustration, again, should not be allowed to manifest itself in circumvention of a clear, defined, and decades-old committee rule. If we allow 1 week to become 6 days, it becomes an hour tomorrow, maybe cloture only requires 20 rather than 60 votes or 40 percent constitute a majority. This is a bit of an exaggeration.  As a matter of fact, it is a major exaggeration, but the Senate and its committees have rules for a reason, and we really cannot function if we do not follow them.  When this 6-day week concept was verbalized, our ranking member, Senator Leahy, made it clear that 6 days is not a week. The minority would allow the rule to be waived and a markup to occur in 6 days as a matter of cooperation. And so we waived the rule, partially to avoid a confrontation over this interpretation of the longstanding 7-day rule. But although we avoided a crisis that week, the 6-day concept was sort of a foreshadowing of what now seems to be increasingly a plan to ignore committee rules and move forward over the objections of the minority, and people feel very strongly about that.  Last week, we saw this plan come to fruition as two nominees were moved out of the Judiciary Committee over the strong objections of members who wished to continue debate, and despite the clear invocation of a decades-old rule, protecting the right of the minority to continue to debate until at least one of their own agrees it is time to vote.  Senator Daschle spoke on this issue last week, and I want to expand briefly on his comments. The judiciary rule in question contains the following language:       The chairman shall entertain a nondebatable motion to bring      a matter before the committee to a vote. If there is      objection to bringing the matter to a vote without further      debate, a rollcall vote of the committee shall be taken and      debate shall be terminated if the motion to bring the matter      to a vote without further debate passes, with 10 votes in the      affirmative, one of which must be cast by the minority.  What does this rule mean? Over the last few decades, it has clearly meant that unless at least one member of the minority agrees to cut off debate and move straight to a vote, no vote can occur. This is what happened and what came up last Thursday.  This is one of the only protections the minority has in our committee. Without it, there could conceivably never be a debate at all. A chairman could convene a markup, demand a vote, and the entire process would take 2 minutes. That is one of the reasons we feel so strongly about this particular rule. We believe this is not how the Judiciary Committee should function, and it is contrary to the rules of the committee.  As I understand it, this rule was first instituted in 1979, again, and it has been followed ever since by all of our chairmen.  I believe only two committees have something like it--Finance and Judiciary. The reason for it, as I understand it, goes back to Senator Kennedy's days as chair, when it was determined they didn't want to be like other committees, where with Appropriations you will often have a committee in the majority just go off on its own, mark up something, and everybody is forced to accept it.  Let me give you an instance.  During the markup of Bill Lann Lee to be Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division, there was some fear on our side that Republicans who had the votes to defeat the nomination would move directly to a vote and prevent any debate on the issue at the markup. Democrats, on the other hand, wanted the chance to explain their position and maybe even change some minds on the other side.  During that markup, there was significant discussion about what rule IV, the rule about cutting off debate, really means. At one point, it is interesting to note, Chairman Hatch himself commented that:       At the appropriate time, I will move to proceed to a vote      on the Lee nomination. I assume there will be no objection.      It seems to me that he deserves a vote. People deserve to      know where we stand on this issue. Then we will, pursuant to      rule IV, vote on whether to bring the Lee nomination to a      vote. In order to vote on the nomination, we need at least      one Democrat to vote to do so.  This is precisely what we are discussing, Mr. President. In order to vote on the nomination, we need at least one Democrat to do so.  Last week, we did not have such a vote. No Democrat was prepared to cut off debate. I know this because it was discussed ahead of time. Even though Senator Kennedy, who has substantial seniority and was chairman at the time the rule was put forward in 1979, objected and informed the chairman that no Democrat was ready to stop debating, the chairman moved ahead anyway.  I had an opportunity to speak to the chairman after this hearing, as a matter of fact, in the garage of the Hart Office Building. I think he has a very good understanding of the sensitivities and the nerve endings that are scratched raw right at this present time. It is my hope the chairman will take steps so we can restore to the committee the consideration that has always been extended.  Let me say something about Chairman Hatch. I understand how things can get to one in this committee, and I understand on both sides how--and the Chair is smiling--how we can be extraordinarily difficult to preside over. I would never make an adverse personal comment about this chairman because I respect him, I like him, he is a friend, we work together. I just want to see the two sides come together, and I want to see this stop. I want to give the assurance, at least from this Senator, that what I want is ample time to do my due diligence on a given nominee.  Very often letters do not come in until almost the date of hearing. As the hearing date grows close, it seems people begin to know that something is happening. But if you get the official notice for a hearing the day before--and in this case at 4:46 p.m. the day before--for three appellate court nominees, it is extraordinarily difficult.  