  This has been a very challenging year. The President's budget request for military construction was $1.5 billion below last year's enacted level, a nearly 15 percent reduction in a program that is chronically underfunded. And this year, because of across-the-board constraints on appropriation allocations, we had little room to maneuver beyond the ceiling imposed by the President's budget submission.  The bill that we bring to the Senate provides $9.2 billion for military construction and family housing programs for fiscal year 2004. Within that allocation, we had to shoehorn funding for a large number of critical programs and projects that were not adequately funded in the President's budget request.  In addition to tight budget constraints, we were faced with another challenge this year in determining how to deal with overseas military construction programs at a time when the Defense Department is proposing what has been described as the most sweeping change in America's military presence overseas since World War II.  The President's budget request included more than $1 billion for overseas military construction. Less than 3 months after the budget was submitted, the Defense Department unveiled preliminary plans for a major restructuring of forces in Europe and Korea, and sent Congress a budget amendment to rescind or delete more than half a billion dollars in overseas military construction programs from fiscal year 2003 and the Fiscal Year 2004 request.  It became clear to Senator Hutchison and me that the Department was far from finalizing its global realignment plans, and indeed, we continue to read almost daily about different proposals for moving U.S. forces here and there overseas. For this reason, we are recommending a pause in funding a number of proposed construction projects in Europe and Korea until the Defense Department completes its overseas basing review and presents a comprehensive plan to Congress. The overseas basing commission that Senator Hutchison and I are proposing in this bill will provide another important layer of oversight to this process.  In Europe, central questions include how many troops will remain permanently stationed there, what basing structure will be needed to support them, and where and what type of forward operating bases and forward operating locations will be needed to support rotational and transitory forces.  In Korea, the issue of where the forces will be realigned has apparently been settled--the U.S. is planning to withdraw troops from Seoul and the Demilitarized Zone and move them to south central South Korea. However, the details of that realignment have yet to be presented to Congress, nor has the Korean government provided the land needed for the realignment.  I am aware that the administration would prefer to bank all of the proposed funding for the realignment of forces in Korea to keep pressure on the South Korean government to transfer the required land to the U.S. military. However, I believe that withholding this funding until the U.S. has actually secured the land is an equally effective incentive for the Korean government if, in fact, it is serious about wanting United States military forces to move out of Seoul.  Moreover, in a year when the administration has slashed the military construction budget by nearly 15 percent, it is unrealistic for the Defense Department to turn around and ask Congress to wager hundreds of millions of dollars that are urgently needed elsewhere on the Korean Government's uncertain timetable.  We have given this matter a great deal of consideration, and I commend Senator Hutchison for laying out the position of the subcommittee so clearly and completely in the report accompanying our bill. This explanation should leave no doubt in anyone's mind that the Military Construction Subcommittee understands the importance of maintaining strong military ties to our allies overseas and supports the Defense Department's efforts to ensure that our overseas basing structure reflects the international realities of the post-cold-war environment. We look forward to helping implement the construction elements of the new overseas basing structure once the Defense Department completes its review.  There is another item in the Military Construction bill that is extremely important to me, and that is the environmental clean up of military installations. The fiscal year 2004 bill includes just $370 million for Base Realignment and Closure, BRAC, environmental cleanup. This is a significant drop from last year's funding, and it is a level of funding that I accept only reluctantly, and only because the Defense Department is embarking on a new and ambitious program to raise revenue for environmental cleanup at BRAC sites through land sales. The Navy's BRAC budget, for example, includes $68 million above the appropriated amount in anticipated revenue from land sales, and the Navy anticipates that additional land sales revenue could significantly increase the amount of money available in fiscal year 2004 for environmental cleanup.  I believe that the Defense Department has the responsibility to complete, to the maximum extent possible, the cleanup of military installations closed or realigned through previous BRAC rounds before embarking on a new BRAC round in 2005. I am hopeful that self-financing through land sales will be sufficient to supplement appropriated amounts, but I intend to keep a close watch on this program to ensure that we do not sacrifice momentum by relying too heavily on land sale revenue.  Madam President, I also want to comment on an issue that I have been fighting since this last winter. It is the problem of perchlorate contamination in our country's drinking water. This topic is relevant to the Department of Defense and Military Construction Appropriations as Defense, along with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, uses 90 percent of the perchlorate produced in the United States.  Perchlorate, a chemical used in solid rocket propellant, explosives and munitions has been identified by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) as an unregulated toxin. No national standard exists for perchlorate. Perchlorate contamination has been found in drinking water supplies in 29 States, including Arizona, California, Texas, Colorado, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nevada, and New Mexico. More than 300 groundwater wells in California alone are contaminated with perchlorate, as is the Colorado River, which supplies drinking water to more than 15 million people in the Southwest.  I am alarmed about the potential impact of perchlorate contamination at installations that have been closed through the BRAC process as well as at active and inactive Defense sites or where perchlorate has migrated off of current and former Defense or contractor properties to threaten public water supplies.  I am also very disappointed that the Department of Defense has been unresponsive to requests to take a positive leadership role in addressing the concerns of the public and the immediate needs of water agencies large and small as perchlorate is detected in more and more locations. It is also distressing that the Department is resisting the obvious need to test for the presence of perchlorate at BRAC properties or other Defense sites.  The Department of Defense has a moral obligation to the public to address the problem now as the water agencies that have to close wells, or treat their water supplies, are faced with a real problem today. This problem is a result of the activities of the Department or its contractors.  The language I worked to include in the Military Construction Subcommittee report moves the Department of Defense toward addressing the perchlorate problem. This language directs the Department to submit to the Congressional Defense Appropriation Committees the following:  A report on the activities of the Interagency Perchlorate Steering Committee and the activities of the Department on perchlorate as described in the Memo of January 24, 2001 from the Under Secretary of Defense for Environmental Security to the Secretaries of the military departments and the Defense Logistics Agency.  Identification of sources of perchlorate contamination at BRAC properties and to develop a plan to remediate perchlorate contamination on BRAC sites that can be implemented rapidly once state or Federal perchlorate standards are set.  Finally, I want to address an issue covered in the report where I believe the report language was not wholly accurate, and which I intend to attempt to clarify in conference.  The existing language says, ``The Committee recognizes that, absent a state or Federal standard for perchlorate, the Department of Defense isunder no obligation to remediate perchlorate contamination at defense sites.''  It is more accurate to say that absent a State or Federal standard for perchlorate, there is uncertainty as to the level of perchlorate cleanup that would be required at each site, but there still is a legal obligation to remediate perchlorate contamination under Federal and State statutes including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA) and California's Carpenter-Presley-Tanner Hazardous Substance Account Act. Remediation would then proceed on the basis of a site-specific risk assessment or other criteria such as an Applicable, Relevant and Appropriate Requirement.  Madam President, as I stated earlier, this has been a challenging year. Senator Hutchison and I were faced with a difficult set of circumstances and a series of hard choices. We were able to develop a military construction program that comes within the constraints of the budget resolution, but I hope that the administration understands the importance of infrastructure as a key element of readiness and quality of life, and will present Congress with a more realistic budget request next year.  I thank the members of my Appropriations Committee staff, Christina Evans, and B.G. Wright, and to Chris Thompson of my personal staff for their hard work on this bill. Also, I wish to express my appreciation to Dennis Ward, of Senator Hutchison's staff for his cooperative and bipartisan effort throughout this process.  