 President, in his letter, Judge Gonzales suggested I based my decision to vote against Mr. Estrada on ``inaccurate or incomplete information on certain issues that you have deemed important to the Estrada nomination.''  Needless to say, I disagree with that assessment. It is not because I was misinformed that I voted against this nominee. It is because this nominee did not inform the committee enough. Simply put, Mr. Estrada did not adequately answer the questions put to him in his hearing.  Particularly with a nominee who is so young, has such a very limited or nonexistent written record, and has been accused by so many of being too ideologically driven to serve impartially on the second highest court in the land, it is incumbent on each Member of the Senate, in our advise and consent role, to thoroughly examine the nominee's thought processes and to determine whether the nominee can and will be an impartial judge.  In this case, it was impossible to make such an assessment because the nominee himself would not let us.  Judge Gonzales raised four specific issues in his letter. I would like to take some time to go through the Gonzales charges and to answer them one by one.  First, Judge Gonzales stated in his letter to me ``[I]t appears that you relied on the fact that Estrada has no previous judicial service.''  It is true that Mr. Estrada has no previous judicial experience, but I did not rely on Mr. Estrada's lack of judicial experience, at least not exclusively.  I said in my statement before the committee ``[i]n this case, it is truly difficult to make this decision, because we have before us a fairly young nominee--just 41 years old--who has never been a judge, has little written record to speak of, and who has not given us a real sense of what kind of judge he would be. He, essentially, is a blank slate. And if confirmed, he could serve for 30, 40 or even 50 years on one of the highest courts in this nation. We had better be right about this decision.''  I truly believe this. This is a big decision, as are all our decisions to place nominees in lifetime positions of such power and influence over the lives of people.  I was concerned, and I remain concerned, that given Mr. Estrada's lack of judicial experience, the Judiciary Committee needed to turn to other sources of information to get a better sense--any sense, really--of the kind of judge he would be.  Unfortunately, we had few other sources of information to which we could turn. With so few writings, no record as a professor, no access to legal memos he wrote while at the Department of Justice, our committee was left with little to go on as we contemplated this nominee.  Mr. Estrada's lack of judicial experience was just one factor that made it more difficult to review his way of thinking and to determine what kind of judge he would become if confirmed.  I have supported nominees without judicial experience in the past--I don't want anyone to get the wrong idea--and I would not hesitate to do so again when appropriate. Although I think it preferable, if possible, to have nominees with judicial experience, I also recognize that many brilliant lawyers with no such experience have become excellent and, in fact, even legendary judges.  In this case, it was not the lack of judicial experience itself that concerned me but the fact that this lack of experience, when combined with the lack of information from other sources, left the committee with no real basis to evaluate this nominee.  In his letter to me, Judge Gonzales mentioned a number of specific individuals nominated to the Ninth Circuit by President Clinton, nominees I supported despite their lack of judicial experience. These nominees--Judges William Fletcher, Marsha Berzon, and Raymond Fisher--all had distinguished backgrounds and a wealth of background materials for the committee to review, but no judicial experience.  Since these specific nominees were mentioned, I thought it would be interesting to note the paths they took to confirmation because the nature of the deliberative process the Senate was able to undertake with these nominees is in striking contrast to what we are confronted with today.  William Fletcher, for instance, was nominated on April 25, 1995. His first hearing came on December 19, 1995, about 8 months later. Dr. Fletcher had been a prolific academic writer and a distinguished law professor at the University of California at Berkeley for almost 20 years by the time he was nominated. At his hearing, he had the opportunity--and he took it--to discuss articles he had written that were critical of certain Supreme Court decisions and to explain and discuss other articles he had written on a variety of subjects. The Judiciary Committee had access to a wide range of written materials about or written by Dr. Fletcher. And just as importantly, the committee members also had the opportunity to engage in a back and forth with the nominee to learn about his thought process.  In contrast to the Estrada hearing, Professor Fletcher answered every question forthrightly and fully. Where Estrada stated he could not answer, Fletcher engaged in real discussion.  Despite this, however, William Fletcher's nomination sat without action until April of 1998, 3 years after his first hearing. And after those 3 years, he was not yet given a vote. Instead, he was given a second hearing.  Finally, on October 8, 1998, almost 3\1/2\ years after he was first nominated, William Fletcher was finally confirmed. Judge Fletcher, at the time of his nomination, had no judicial experience, but the committee had a wealth of other information about him and written by him to properly gauge his suitability for the Ninth Circuit.  Furthermore, it has been reported that his nomination finally moved forward only after Dr. Fletcher's mother, a Federal judge herself, agreed to take senior status, and after President Clinton and the Republican leadership agreed to appoint a judge, named by Republicans, to a vacancy on the Ninth Circuit. That is a good example of communication and even negotiation between the White House and the Senate on the issue of judicial nominations. I remember it well. And I thank those leaders of our committee who engaged in those discussions.  I am not saying that I believe Judge Fletcher's nomination path should become the norm, but since Judge Gonzales mentioned Judge Fletcher by name, it is interesting to note how that nominee, with no judicial experience, fared under the Republican-controlled Senate back then.  Marsha Berzon, another nominee mentioned in Judge Gonzales' letter, was nominated on January 27, 1998. Her first hearing came 6 months later--not bad--on July 30, 1998. Again, at that hearing Mrs. Berzon answered every conceivable question about her background, her thought process, and her other issues. Right, she had no prior judicial experience. Then almost a year went by with no further action until she underwent a second hearing and again submitted herself to questioning by the committee.  Just to cite one example from that second hearing, Senator Sessions asked Mrs. Berzon to expand upon an answer she had given at her first hearing about the death penalty. Quoting Senator Sessions now:       I remember I asked you about Justice Brennan's decision on      the unconstitutionality of the death penalty. He believed      that the death penalty was unconstitutional. . . . [a]nd I      asked you . . . .how you felt about Justice Brennan's view,      and you said you did not like to say what you agree with and      what you do not agree with when you haven't had time to think      about it. Fair enough. Have you had time now and would you      like to comment now?  In her response, Mrs. Berzon stated:       . . . I certainly have had a chance to think about it and      go back and look at the Constitution. And having done so, I      would certainly agree that the indications of that document      are that the Framers of the Constitution understood that      capital punishment would be permitted under the Constitution.      . . . I was a law clerk to Justice Brennan, as you know, I      admire him enormously as a man and a mentor. I did not agree      with everything that he said, and I think in particular that      I intend to take a more literal view to statutes and to      constitutional provisions than he does. It makes me more      comfortable, and it is the way I tend to think.  It is this back and forth that gives committee members a sense of how nominees think and, therefore, how they will approach the duties confronting them as Federal judges.  By the time Marsha Berzon was finally confirmed on March 9, 2000, more than 2 years and two hearings after she had been nominated, the Judiciary Committee and the Senate had more than enough of a record to judge her nomination, despite her lack of judicialexperience. This information is simply not there for Miguel Estrada.  Raymond Fisher was the third Ninth Circuit nominee mentioned in the Gonzales letter. Here again is a nominee with no judicial experience but, here again, unlike Mr. Estrada, Raymond Fisher had a depth and breath of other experiences that allowed the committee to fully examine the nominee and his nomination and come to an informed decision.  Raymond Fisher proved himself in many different functions to be impartial, to gain the respect of his peers, and to evidence the temperament required to be a Federal judge. From serving as a Supreme Court clerk to working in private practice, to serving as the head of the Los Angeles Police Department's civilian oversight panel, Fisher was often in the public eye and continuously showed an evenhandedness and ability to work through complex issues that would clearly serve him well from the bench.  Then-mayor Richard Riordan of Los Angeles, a Republican, said that he chose Fisher for the police commission job ``because he did not have a political agenda and called the facts as he saw them.''  That is exactly what we look for in a nominee. And in the case of Miguel Estrada, I am not convinced that we have it.  Additionally, in the Fisher, Berzon, and Fletcher cases, we had volumes of support letters from every conceivable source of every political background and, most importantly, there was not significant opposition as exists in the Estrada case.  Quite frankly, if everyone who knows a nominee comes to the committee with glowing praise and statements that the nominee has perfect knowledge, experience, and temperament to be a judge, it is obviously easier to feel comfortable confirming that nominee regardless of the level of actual judicial experience. Likewise, even a nominee with overwhelming judicial experience might face trouble if a large number of people who had worked with or for that nominee expressed strong concerns about his or her impartiality.  Here, with Miguel Estrada, we have a man with no judicial experience and who has been the subject of a large volume of concern about his temperament and his ability to fairly and impartially judge a given situation. This, in my opinion, presents a problem.  The second issue raised in the Gonzales letter involves Professor Paul Bender, Mr. Estrada's direct supervisor at the Solicitor General's office. Specifically, I mentioned in my committee statement on the Estrada nomination that I was concerned about a statement Professor Bender had made in the press that Miguel Estrada is so ``ideologically driven that he couldn't be trusted to state the law in a fair, neutral way.''  In response to this quote from me, Judge Gonzales cited a number of internal Justice Department evaluations indicating that Professor Bender had given Mr. Estrada positive reviews while at the Justice Department. It is relevant to the decisionmaking process when a nominee's former supervisor feels compelled to comment that he is too ideologically driven to be a fair judge, and it is certainly possible at the very least that an attorney could be both an excellent legal scholar and an excellent advocate but be ill-suited for the judiciary, as suggested by Professor Bender.  In any event, I recently asked my staff to contact Professor Bender by telephone and ask him about his comments to the press and his past evaluations of Miguel Estrada. In doing so, my staff discovered some interesting facts. First, I am told that Professor Bender stands by his statements to the press ``100 percent'' and would say so if asked.  Second, according to Professor Bender, the positive evaluations that Judge Gonzales and others cited consisted merely of boilerplate language next to check marks. He stated every employee received the highest evaluation automatically.  And perhaps of most relevance, Professor Bender indicated to my staff that he was already so concerned about Mr. Estrada's ideological bent while supervising him at the Department of Justice that he learned not to rely on his memos and in fact stopped assigning him important work. In other words, as an employee of the Justice Department whose job it was to advocate to the best of his ability, Miguel Estrada's direct supervisor did not trust him to be fair and impartial.  I asked my staff to call Professor Bender and read this to him, and he stands by it. This was not a last-minute conversion as some have suggested but an ongoing concern.  I have listened to some of the attacks on Mr. Bender. I don't think they reflect well on the Senate. I may not agree with everything Professor Bender has done or advocated within his lifetime, but this is a man with very impressive credentials.  Paul Bender graduated magna cum laude from Harvard Law School in 1957.  He served as a law clerk to Judge Learned Hand of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and then was a law clerk to Supreme Court Justice Felix Frankfurter before embarking on a distinguished career as a professor and in the U.S. Solicitor General's Office. He spent 24 years as a faculty member at the University of Pennsylvania Law School, and he also served as dean of the Arizona State College of Law. He has argued more than 20 cases before the U.S. Supreme Court.  As a result, I think it is worth taking his comment into consideration as one of many factors we must look at when trying to determine whether Mr. Estrada can be a fair and impartial judge.  The third issue raised in the letter sent to me and published by White House counsel is the fact that I ``referenced the fact that Miguel Estrada has been `accused' of using an ideological litmus test when assisting Justice Kennedy in the selection of his law clerks.''  This is true. Specifically, I was concerned that two individuals who had tried to get a clerkship with Justice Kennedy believed very strongly that they had been subjected to a litmus test for being too liberal and had been rejected out of hand as a result. Both individuals had been quoted in the press, and while these accusations were by no means dispositive in my decisionmaking, they were yet another example of comments made by those who know Mr. Estrada, or worked with him, that he is simply too ideological for the bench.  When I first heard about these comments, I was concerned but also wary. Because the quotes we were given came from anonymous sources in a news article, I wanted to be sure they were accurate.  But having done a bit more research on the subject, I am confident these two individuals truly believe that a litmus test was applied to them.  Without countervailing evidence, such as a written record or substantive responses to committee questioning, it is difficult to assuage the concerns raised by these applicants and others.  Now that I have outlined some of my concerns about Miguel Estrada, I want to take a few moments to talk about the general state of the nominations process and what I see as a real lack of consultation between the White House and many Members of the Senate in making these nominations. It is this lack of consultation in the nominations process that has led, I think, many in the minority party to become increasingly concerned about individual nominees, about scheduling, and whether or not there will be any real advice and consent for the Senate.  Early on in the Bush Presidency, I sat down with representatives from the White House and we worked out together a system for nominating district court judges in California that works, and works well. Essentially, we set up one nominating committee for each district in California. Each committee is made up of six members, three chosen by the White House and one chosen by me, one chosen by Senator Boxer, and then Senator Boxer and I choose the third representative together. In other words, each committee is made up of three Democrats and three Republicans, an even number. No name can be forwarded to the President for nomination unless a majority of the commission members agree. So this means that at least one member of each party must consent to every name forwarded to the President for consideration. For each vacancy, the commission submits several names, so the President may still choose theparticular nominee. But we have agreed that no individual will be nominated without first receiving at least a majority vote.  This has really worked, Mr. President, and worked well. It is producing well-qualified, nonideological judges for California district courts. These commissions have already worked to produce eight highly qualified, noncontroversial nominees. Five of those have already been confirmed, one more was voted out of committee, and two more were only recently received by the Senate.  Here is the point: The five judges now confirmed spent an average of only 93 days--about 3 months--from the day they were nominated to the day they were confirmed. The process is working.  It was my hope when we established this process that the White House would move quickly to establish similar agreements with other States. After all, the Constitution gives the Senate the responsibility of advising the President on his or her nominees, and consenting or declining to consent to those nominations. It is thus our duty to work with each President in helping to select and to judge the qualifications of nominees to the Federal bench.  This advise and consent role should not be taken lightly. Helping to shape the Federal judiciary may well be one of the most important things any Senator will do during his or her term. The quality and nature of the nominees we pass through the Senate will alter the makeup of the courts for years to come, often long after we have retired from this body.  Too many of my colleagues have found themselves with no ability to consult on nominees to the district court, or even the circuit court. Indeed, in some instances the White House has completely disregarded the advice or even nominated the candidate most opposed by a home State Senator. In other instances, vacancies kept open by the deliberate inaction of the Republican-controlled Senate of recent years may now be filled en masse, with far more ideological nominees, artificially skewing these courts to the right. This is the environment surrounding the nomination of Miguel Estrada. We have before us a nominee who was controversial from the very start.  When the Judiciary Committee tried to find out more about him, we were stymied at every turn: No written record, no work product, and unresponsive answers to our questions at the hearing.  The Constitution established a system of checks and balances, one that has served this Nation well for more than two centuries. The President is the Commander in Chief, but the Congress declares war and funds the military. The President signs treaties, the Senate ratifies them. The President makes nominations, but we advise him in that role and consent to the nominees themselves.  Without any prior advice role, it sometimes becomes necessary for the consent process to become more confrontational, as it has recently. But it is my hope that in coming months we will come together as a Senate--not as Democrats or Republicans, but one body--to work through the nomination issues that have so torn us apart over the last decade.  It is also my hope that this President will work with all Senators, as he has worked with me, to establish a framework for producing moderate, qualified judges for every district court in the Nation. It is my hope that we can make these debates about substance and qualifications, not about ideology or partnership.  I cannot at this time support Miguel Estrada for the D.C. Circuit court. As I pointed out earlier, I might very well support him for a district court position. He is 41. This is a 40- or 50-year position.  This is a debate that will not end today or tomorrow or in the coming months, unless we can all calm the rhetoric, sit down, and discuss how we can move through the process with greater consultation, greater fairness, and a greater respect for the constitutional role of the Senate.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  