 President, I rise in support of the Dorgan resolution, and in the hope that the FCC will take a careful, second look at the changes it made to media ownership rules.  Not everything the FCC did was something I would oppose. For instance, I support what the FCC did in terms of allowing companies to own a combination of television, radio, and newspapers in the largest of media markets, like Los Angeles, Chicago, New York or San Francisco.  But on the whole, the new FCC rules raise some very real concerns that one or two national companies may begin to dominate too much of the news and other content delivered to American homes.  The American experiment has been one of free press, diversity of voices, fair competition, and the ability to hear, and to be heard. That experiment, in my opinion, has been a resounding success.  Of course, the world has changed, and will continue to do so. As a result, it is sensible for our regulatory agencies to revisit outdated rules and modify them to better suit changing technologies and the changing realities of a more crowded, more advanced nation.  Nevertheless, it is possible to go too far in trying to address these changing realities, and I believe that the FCC has gone too far in crafting some of these new media ownership rules. For instance, in allowing a broadcast network to own and operate local broadcast stations that reach, in total, up to forty-five percent of U.S. television households, instead of thirty-five percent under the old rules, the FCC has opened the door to vast conglomerates of news stations all feeding the same content to almost half the people in the country.  We don't know how or even whether this would happen, but the potential for eliminating local content and reducing the diversity of opinions presented on television is simply too great.  Likewise, the cross-ownership rules--the rules that determine whether a company can own both television and newspapers in the same market, or television and radio, and so on--raise some concerns for markets with just four of five television stations.  In those small- to medium-sized markets, with between four and eight television stations, combinations are limited to one of the following:  One daily newspaper, one television station, and up to half of the radio station limit under the local radio ownership rule for that market; one daily newspaper, and up to the radio station limit under the local radio ownership rule for that market, but no television stations; or two television stations, if permissible under the local television ownership rule, and up to the radio station limit under the local radio ownership rule for that market, but no daily newspapers.  The old rule prohibited common ownership of a full-service broadcast station and a daily newspaper within the same city. In fact, according to the Congressional Research Service, when it adopted the rule in 1975, the commission not only prohibited future combinations between newspapers and broadcast stations, but also required existing combinations in highly concentrated markets to divest holdings to come into compliance within 5 years. But under this new rule, one company could own the largest television station in town, the only newspaper, and half the radio stations. It is easy to see how, in these mid-sized markets, the amount of diverse content would rapidly diminish.  On the other hand, I am not as concerned with the new rules pertaining to larger markets like Los Angeles. In a market with more than two dozen television stations and countless radio stations and newspapers, it is far less likely that one or two companies could come to control enough of the media market to truly stifle diversity of opinion or competition among content sources.  So it is my hope that the FCC will go back and reexamine these new rules, keeping in mind the concerns of Congress and the American people, who have spoken out loud and clear about this issue. Fix what needs to be fixed, keep what is not broken. But come up with a new set of rules that makes sense for all Americans.  