 President, the amendment I offer today would restore fiscal year 2003 funding for the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, SCAAP, to the level of funding Congress provided in fiscal year 2002.  Specifically, my amendment would provide an additional $315 million in supplemental funding to the SCAAP program, to bring the total fiscal year 2003 appropriations to the same amount that was appropriated in fiscal year 2002--$565 million.  Most of my colleagues have had to deal with the question of illegal immigration. Just the sheer number of illegal immigrants in our country--estimates range from 9 to 11 million--suggests that Federal strategies to curb illegal immigration have failed.  While only a relatively small percentage of the illegal immigrant population have committed crimes, nonetheless, even that small percentage represents a significant burden on State and local governments, which are forced to apprehend, prosecute, and incarcerate those who prey on our communities.  Today most States are encountering their largest deficits in more than 60 years. Indeed, the fiscal consequences of illegal immigration have contributed to this challenge. In fiscal year 2002, for instance, States and counties incurred more than $13 billion in incarceration expenses. It is the responsibility of the Federal Government to help shoulder the burden that its failures have created. The Federal Government alleviated some of that burden by providing $565 million to the States in fiscal year 2002.  Increasingly, States and local counties are relying on SCAAP funding to help supplement their homeland security activities.  Clearly, our local governments would spend the $13 billion they have spent incarcerating criminal aliens on other fiscal priorities, such as homeland security.  The amendment I offer today would not only provide a more equitable level of funding to help reimburse States for the costs they incur for incarcerating undocumented criminal aliens, it would also help free up funds that State and local governments may need for their first responder activities.  Without adequate funding, this fiscal burden will continue to fall on many of our local law enforcement agencies--including sheriffs, police officers on the beat, antigang violence units, and district attorneys offices.  At a time when cash-strapped State and local governments are being asked to do even more to protect our homeland, we cannot afford to eliminate vital funding that already falls far short of what local governments spend to incarcerate undocumented criminal aliens.  SCAAP payments have never matched the true costs to the States dealing with this problem, but they have nevertheless been critical additions to prison and jail budgets. They have also symbolized the Federal Government's obligation to pay for the results of its failed immigration strategies.  Counties and sheriffs offices across the country, and not just those along the border, are very concerned because of the severe cuts in funding this year. I have received letters from county executives and sheriffs from Virginia, Wisconsin, New York, and other States who are facing critical cuts in their law enforcement budgets because of the anticipated shortfall in SCAAP funding. Those amounts will be cut drastically.  I ask unanimous consent that I may submit for the record, a chart comparing the amount of SCAAP money States received in fiscal year 2002 to the amount they will receive with the fiscal year 2003 SCAAP allocation of $250 million.  Our Nation is facing one of the most challenging periods in our Nation's history. And, we want, to the best extent possible, our constituents to feel secure in their homes and in their communities.  At a time when the Nation is focused on enhancing security within our borders, our States, and our local communities, a vital program like SCAAP should not be vulnerable to being underfunded or eliminated altogether.  The control of illegal immigration is a Federal obligation and we owe it to our States and local communities to provide them with the critical Federal assistance they need to continue doing their job.  Therefore, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  