 President, I wanted to say a few words. Actually, Senator Craig was one of the earliest people with whom we began to work on these issues, from the California perspective, many years ago on the Quincy Library Group. That began to develop kind of an across-the-aisle bond.  Then when Senator Wyden became ranking member of the Subcommittee on Public Lands and Forests in the Senate Energy Committee, he really took a great interest in this subject as well. So it has been a terrific pleasure for me to work with him as well. He has carried this out in an absolutely superlative way.  I also want to thank Senator Daschle, Senator Lincoln and Senator Pryor, who have been a crucial part of this legislation, Senator McCain, Senator Cochran, Senators Crapo and Domenici. I am looking for people in the Chamber who have been part of this effort.  I hope the American people are proud of us tonight. I believe we have worked as the American people want us to work--not out of mean-spirited partisanship but rather, sitting together and working across the aisle to work out compromises. That is what this bill is. We had to cement certain compromises in order to see that the bill covered the United States fairly and also met the concerns of both sides of the aisle.  This bill is funded. It is about double the amount of money that we have had in the past to treat those lands that are at high risk of catastrophic fire. The House bill is not funded. Additionally, this bill leaves intact a collaborative citizen participation process in an administrative review procedure. It leaves intact the ability for judicial review, but it truncates it in a way that allows us to move more aggressively on the 20 million acres that are encompassed in this bill.  It is interesting to me to hear people say: Oh, they are just going to log all the forests. In fact, that has never been the case. There has always been a set number. In this bill, it is 20 million acres. We have 54 million acres across the United States that is at the highest risk of catastrophic fire. In my State alone, we have 8.5 million acres. It is going to take a new mindset for people if we are going to be able to do what we need to do.  Since Senator Craig mentioned the Old Fire, which is currently burning in California, I just wanted to give you all a brief update. Currently, I have my State director at the command center in San Bernardino. I just want to report that with respect to the Old Fire, which is the huge fire they thought would consume all of Lake Arrowhead and a number of other threatened mountain towns where there are 50,000 to 60,000 residential homes, they have had a good day today. It began to rain this morning, the fog is in, and the air remains moist. They couldn't see the smoke for the fog, and for the first time on the fire lines, there is a sense of optimism that these heroic crews are going to be able to get a hold on this fire. Most importantly, they were able to bulldoze a line ahead of that fire. Over five hundred homes have been lost in that particular fire so far. Hopefully, there will not be many morelost, and, hopefully, within a matter of a few days that huge fire can be put under control.  As we know, the town of Julian, which is a gold mining town in the San Diego area, has eight firefighters. All eight firefighters fighting these fires have lost their homes. One distinguished firefighter, Steven Rucker, who came down on mutual aid from the city of Novato in northern California lost his life. I think we all salute him.  There is an enormous lesson in these devastating fires currently burning in my home State, and it is that the land has to be managed. The forests have to be managed. We have to do the right thing for our constituents. We are pushed and we are pulled by conflicting interests. I believe the Senate version of this bill is a good bill. It is a good bill from the interests of the public, and that is what has to count in this matter.  I thank the Chairman of the Agriculture Committee, Senator Cochran, who has been instrumental in leading this effort; Senator Domenici, my friend and colleague, and Senator Harkin, the ranking member on the Agriculture Committee. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this bill.  I thank the chair and I yield the floor.  