 President, I rise today to offer an amendment to the fiscal 2004 foreign operations bill to provide the administration with greater flexibility in how it funds HIV/AIDS prevention programs.  We believe this amendment is critical to our efforts aimed at stopping the spread of the HIV/AIDS virus and providing a safe and healthy future for millions of people around the world. Time is not on our side, and we must act now.  Our amendment does two things. First, it reserves at least one-third of the funds for prevention of sexual transmission of HIV rather than one-third of all prevention funds for ``abstinence-until-marriage'' programs. This recognizes that HIV prevention includes many types of activities, and those that target the sexual transmission of HIV/AIDS such as abstinence-until-marriage programs are really only a subset.  Second, our amendment defines an abstinence-until-marriage program as any program that includes, but is not necessarily limited to, providing information that emphasizes the public health benefits of refraining from sexual activity outside of marriage.  Earlier this year I was proud to join my colleagues in passing the United States Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria Act of 2003. This is a historic piece of legislation that expressed our resolve to see the United States take a leadership role in the fight against the HIV/AIDS pandemic. The bill recognized that prevention, along with care and treatment, is an essential component of that fight.  The bill, as passed by both Houses and signed by President Bush, contains language that recommends for fiscal year 2004 and 2005 that at least one-third of all global HIV/AIDS prevention funds be set aside for abstinence-before-marriage programs. This sense of the Senate provision becomes a mandate for fiscal year 2004 through 2008. Our amendment simply clarifies the congressional intent of this provision and increases the flexibility of how HIV/AIDS prevention funds are spent.  In order to fulfill our goal of stopping the spread of HIV/AIDS, we should not tie the hands of workers on the ground by limiting the use of HIV/AIDS prevention funds. A brief glance at some of the numbers related to the HIV pandemic demonstrates the importance of funding a wide range of prevention activities.  Worldwide, 40 million people--that is huge--are infected with HIV; 29.4 million people are infected in sub-Saharan Africa alone. That is 70 percent of the world's total. As of 2001, 21.5 million Africans had died of AIDS. That is 21.5 million Africans dead from AIDS. The national intelligence council projects at least 50 million new cases of HIV by 2010 in five countries alone: China, Ethiopia, India, Nigeria, and Russia. Fifty million new cases in five countries. That is a huge pandemic.  Currently fewer than 1 in 5 persons at risk for HIV/AIDS worldwide have access to prevention. Yet UNAIDS and the World Health Organization have conducted research that shows that two-thirds of the estimated 45 million new HIV infections expected to occur between now and 2010 could in fact be averted with effective prevention. Two-thirds of 45 million anticipated cases could be prevented. That is a very critical figure for us to make use of.  Passing the global HIV/AIDS bill was an important first step to meeting that challenge. Our amendment builds on that endeavor and increases the effectiveness of the legislation.  Let me be clear. Our amendment does not strike the 33 percent earmark for abstinence-until-marriage programs. It simply expands the definition of abstinence-until-marriage and gives the administration maximum flexibility to fund programs that successfully increase abstinence among young people. The key word is ``successful.'' All Senators, including myself, know that abstinence is a key strategy in preventing the spread of HIV/AIDS, and the importance we place on those programs is reflected in the legislation. What we are trying to do--and I am trying to do--is give the administration and the people on the ground the flexibility needed to design HIV prevention programs that meet the needs of a given community.  Different programs work better in different communities. There is no real one-size-fits-all program. A May 2003 report from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Henry J. Kaiser Foundation highlights that proven AIDS prevention programs involve behavior change programs, including delay in the initiation of sexual activity, faithfulness, correct and consistent condom use, testing and treatment for sexually transmitted disease, promoting voluntary counseling and testing, harm reduction programs for HIV drug users, preventing the transmission of HIV/AIDS from mother to child, increasing blood safety, empowering women and girls, controlling infection in health care settings, and devising programs geared toward people living with HIV/AIDS.  Let's take a closer look at one of these prevention programs: preventing the transmission of HIV from mother to child. We have seen great strides in recent years in this area. Studies have shown that combining drugs such as Nevirapine with counseling and instruction on the use of such drugs reduces mother-to-child transmission by 50 percent. And we have tens of millions of AIDS orphans in Africa alone. So it is a really important program.  Such cost-effective prevention programs are not related to abstinence and should not be constrained by the 33 percent earmark in funds for prevention. Our amendment will allow local communities to spend money on HIV prevention that is most effective in that community. If the most effective program in a community is the promotion of abstinence until marriage, my amendment will not preclude funding for such a program.  Ensuring that the earmark applies only to programs related to preventing the sexual transmission of HIV would free up additional resources for non-abstinence programs while at the same time maintaining the importance of abstinence-until-marriage activities. In fact, my amendment would not prevent the United States from spending more than one-third of funds for the prevention of the sexual transmission of HIV on abstinence-until-marriage programs if the administration decided that was the most effective use of those funds.  We believe the United States should have the flexibility to fund programs that are successful in leading to increased abstinence.  In response to a letter I wrote to Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs, Paul V. Kelly inquiring about the definition of an ``abstinence-until-marriage'' program, Secretary Kelly responded:       Achieving the HIV/AIDS prevention goals of the President's      Emergency Plan will require a comprehensive and sustainable      approach recognized by both the Plan and the law. The ``ABC''      model [Abstain, Be faithful, Use condoms], has been used      successfully to prevent HIV/AIDS transmission in Uganda as      well as Zambia and Ethiopia. These successes show that      promoting behavior change and healthy lifestyles, including      abstinence and delayed sexual initiation, mutual monogamy,      faithfulness and fidelity in marriage and reduction in the      number of partners, consistent and correct use of condoms,      and avoidance of substance abuse, are successful in      preventing the spread of HIV/AIDS.  This tells me that this administration understands that the most effective way to prevent HIV is a multipronged approach. We should be able to fund programs that place a priority emphasis on abstinence but also discuss other methods as outlined under the ABC approach.  For example, the United States Agency for International Development has sponsored Zambia's HEART, Helping Each Other Act Responsibly Together, HIV/AIDS prevention program, a mass media campaign that promotes HIV/AIDS prevention through messages about abstinence, consistent condom use, and the fact that ``you can't tell by looking'' if another person is HIV-positive.  A 2001 impact survey of youth aged 13 to 19 found that many of the respondents chose to remain abstinent because of the campaign. In fact, respondents were more likely to report that they chose to abstain than to report condom use. This confirms what I have long believed: if young people are given the necessary information and education, they will make an informed and health decision regarding their sexual activity.  If programs like the HEART program in Zambia are successful in increasing abstinence, we should not turn our back on them or limit the amount of resources available because they discuss multiple prevention strategies.  Again, this amendment is about giving our Government and other countries the flexibility to get the job done.  Cultural differences, epidemiology, population age groups, and the stage of the epidemic in a given community will all play roles in how an effective HIV/AIDS prevention program is designed.  This amendment is pro-abstinence, it recognizes that there is more to preventing the spread of HIV/AIDS than preventing the sexual transmission of HIV, it balances congressional priorities with public health needs, and it preserves the administration's flexibility in deciding which programs to fund that would be most likely to increase abstinence.  It is a commonsense amendment and I urge my colleagues to support it.  I thank Senators Snowe and Murray for cosponsoring this amendment.  I yield the floor.  