 President, I rise to support the amendment by my colleague from California to strke the so-called ``safe harbor provision'' in the amendment offered by the majority leader that would shield ethanol producers and refiners from any liability if the fuel additive harms the environment or public health.  Candidly, I find this ``safe harbor provision'' astounding.  I believe it is egregious public policy to mandate ethanol into our fuel supply in the first place--and even worse to provide complete liability protection to the fuel additive before scientific and health experts can fully investigate the impact of tripling ethanol on the air we breathe and the water we drink.  This is exactly the mistake we made with MTBE. Over the past several years, we have learned that MTBE has contaminated our water and may be a human carcinogen.  As exemplified by our Nation's experience with MTBE, there can be severe environmental and health repercussions when we mandate the use of any one fuel additive.  Last fall a California jury found there was ``clear and convincing evidence'' that three major oil companies acted ``with malice'' by polluting ground water at Lake Tahoe with MTBE because the gasoline they sold was ``defective in design'' and there was failure to warn of its pollution hazard. After a 5-month trial, Shell Oil and Lyondell Chemical Company were found guilty of withholding information on the dangers of MTBE. The firms settled with the South Lake Tahoe Water District for $69 million.  This case demonstrates why we cannot surrender the rights of citizens to hold polluters accountable for harm they inflict.  How can the Senate favor exempting the ethanol industry from this kind of wrongdoing? I urge my colleagues to take a look at the so-called ``safe harbor'' provision that will give the ethanol industry unprecedented protection against consumers and communities that may seek legal redress against the harm ethanol may cause.  Our amendment would strike this ridiculous exemption.  If we do not strike this provision, polluters will receive unprecedented protection from damage to public health or the environment.  If we do not strike this provision, what incentive will there be for ethanol manufacturers and refiners to make their products as safe as possible and thoroughly test their long-term effects?  If we do not strike this provision, how else can we hold manufacturers accountable when fuel additives cause harm?  Mandating ethanol into our fuel supply raises serious health and environmental concerns. What effect will an ethanol mandate have on our environment? What are the health risks?  Although the scientific opinion is not unanimous, evidence suggests that; one, reformulated gasoline with ethanol produces more smog pollution than reformulated gas without it; and, two, ethanol enables the toxic chemicals in gasoline to break apart and seep further into groundwater even faster than conventional gasoline.  Ethanol is often made out to be an ideal ``renewable fuel'' giving off fewer emissions. Yet, on balance, ethanol can be a cause of more air pollution because it produces smog in the summer months. Smog is a powerful respiratory irritant that affects large segments of the population. It has an especially pernicious effect on the elderly, children, and individuals with existing respiratory problems such as asthma.  Just last week the American Lung Association named California the smoggiest state by listing nine counties and six metropolitan areas in California as having the worst conditions.  A 1999 report from the National Academy of Sciences found, ``the use of commonly available oxygenates [like ethanol] in [Reformulated Gasoline] has little impact on improving ozone air quality and has some disadvantages. Moreover, some data suggest that oxygenates can lead to higher Nitrogen Oxide (NOx) emissions.'' Nitrogen Oxides are known to cause smog.  The American Lung Association report also noted that half of Americans are living in counties with unhealthy smog levels. Why would we want to take the chance of increasing these unhealthy smog levels by mandating billions of unnecessary gallons of ethanol into our fuel supply?  Thus, ethanol can be both good and bad for air quality. To me it would make sense to maximize the advantages of ethanol, while minimizing the disadvantages. This is exactly why States should have flexibility to decide what goes into their gasoline in order to meet clean air standards, and ethanol should not be mandated--certainly not at this level. And if we aremandating it, why exempt manufacturers and refiners from their legal responsibility to provide a safe product?  Evidence also suggests that ethanol accelerates the ability of toxins found in gasoline to seep into our groundwater supplies. The EPA Blue Ribbon Panel on Oxygenates found ethanol ``may retard biodegradation and increase movement of benzene and other hydrocarbons around leaking tanks.''  And according to a report by the State of California entitled ``Health and Environmental Assessment of the Use of Ethanol as a Fuel Oxygenate,'' there are valid questions about the impact of ethanol on ground and surface water. An analysis in the report found there will be a 20 percent increase in public drinking water wells contaminated with benzene if a significant amount of ethanol is used. Benzene is a known human carcinogen.  At a hearing held on the House side last year, Professor Gordon Rausser of UC Berkeley commented on the potential harm of ethanol on groundwater. Professor Rausser testified:     when gasoline that contains ethanol is released into      groundwater, the resulting benzene plumes can be longer and      more persistent than plumes resulting from releases of      conventional gasoline. Research suggests that the presence of      ethanol in gasoline will delay the degradation of benzene and      will lengthen the benzene plumes by between 25 percent and      100 percent.  This evidence on the potential harm of ethanol is extraordinarily troubling.  I am at a loss to understand why the Senate would support sweeping liability protection for fuel producers. Taking away the ability of families and communities to seek redress for the harm caused by fuel additives is NOT something I believe this Senate should be doing.  Let me read part of a letter sent by California Attorney General Bill Lockyer opposing the ethanol safe harbor provision. Lockyer writes:       Congress should not enact the current safeharbor      provisions, which could be construed as granting oil      companies a very broad immunity. As exemplified by MTBE,      there can be dire consequences from the use of defective fuel      additives.  Lockyer continues:       If there is a defect with a particular fuel, the oil      companies should be held accountable under the common law      principles for using such a fuel. In addition, by including      fuels and not just renewable fuels, this section has a      extraordinarily broad reach. There is no reason to add      immunity for a fuel just because one drop of renewable fuel      is added to that fuel. For as long as automobiles have been      used, oil companies have been subject to common law product      liability rules. There is no need to change these fundamental      principles.  We need to protect the basic rights American families enjoy remain in place to keep our air and water safe.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to protect our communities from harm caused by fuel additives.  