 Pryor calls Roe v. Wade ``the worst abomination of constitutional law in our history.'' He has written that he could ``never forget January 22, 1973, the day seven members of our highest court ripped out the life of millions of unborn children.'' That is a quote. It is a very strong statement.  He has lobbied for the repeal of section V of the Voting Rights Act.  After the Bush v. Gore decision, Pryor made the astounding statement, ``I'm probably the only one who wanted [the decision] 5-4 . . . I wanted Governor Bush to have a full appreciation of the judiciary and judicial selection so we can have no more appointments like Justice Souter.''  This is a sitting attorney general taking on a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court by name. I have never heard of that before. Of course, there is always a first time. It was also an attack on a Justice who was well known as being more moderate than he was expected to be and who does not simply toe a party line.  So is Mr. Pryor saying he would want only those judges who remain completely faithful to the ideology of those who choose them? Is he saying that Justice Souter is simply not conservative enough? I think he is.  Mr. Pryor has taken positions so extreme that they are at odds with the rest of the Nation's attorneys general. For example, he was the only attorney general to argue against a key provision in the Violence Against Women Act on federalism grounds.  So there is a reason we feel strongly about it.  My experience is that in appointing someone to the trial bench when that individual has never been a judge is probably a good idea, even if they are an attorney general. One can make some judgments about people who hold political office and who are strong advocates as to whether in fact they can separate themselves from their ideology, whatever that ideology may be.I believe people can do this. I voted for Jeffrey Sutton because I had that belief. In this case, I am not so sure because the rhetoric is so strident and so very intemperate.  The Senator from Alabama, who is present on the floor, believes he can, and there are people who believe he can. But I think the jury is out because there is a venture into an attack on a sitting U.S. Supreme Court Justice, there is a characterization of a landmark Supreme Court case as ``an abomination,'' and other things as well. There is an attack on many significant--significant to those of us on this side of the aisle--pieces of Federal legislation.  Truly, this is a nomination that deserves and merits debate--an open debate. But I would like the debate to take place with the observation of the rules of the committee and after the investigation that is ongoing is finished.  I hope the Senator from North Dakota's importuning to leadership is taken. We don't need to have a cloture vote at this time on this nominee. That cloture vote can come after the results of the investigation are finished--certainly after the Energy bill--because I think if a cloture vote is taken, these arguments I have made on the merits of the case are really going to be dispositive as far as votes on our side are concerned.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor. I thank very much the chairman of the committee.  