 President, I rise today to express my deep concern that the fiscal year 2004 Department of Defense appropriations bill contains no additional funds for military operations in Afghanistan and Iraq. This is simply unacceptable and raises serious concerns about the administration's long-term intentions in both countries.  Given the commitments of the men and women of our Armed Forces all over the world and the risks they face in defense of our freedoms and national security, I am committed to providing the tools they need to perform their jobs at the highest level. It is surprising and troubling, then, that two of the most significant and critical deployment of U.S. troops in years--Afghanistan and Iraq--do not receive funding in the fiscal year 2004 Defense appropriations bill.  Clearly, these are not emergency situations that have only recently come to our attention. These are ongoing military operations that will most likely require a substantive American presence for years to come.  One hundred forty-five thousand U.S. troops are currently serving in Iraq facing almost daily attacks from guerilla forces. Eighty-one Americans have died since the President declared an end to major combat operations on May 1, 2003.  In Afghanistan, 8,500 U.S. troops are searching for remnants of al-Qaida and the Taliban and trying to stabilize the interim government of Hamid Karzai. Just yesterday, more than a year and a half after the fall of the Taliban, a U.S. Special forces convoy came under attack by unknown gunmen using small arms and explosive devices.  Americans are putting their lives on the line in Iraq and Afghanistan and we cannot find any funds for them in this bill.  These operations are certainly not cheap.  During testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee last week, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld stated that the U.S. has spent nearly $4 billion a month in Iraq since January and is spending an additional $700 million a month in Afghanistan. He continued that he did not know if the figures for Iraq would go up or down in the next fiscal year or how much the administration intends to propose to Congress for military operations in Iraq.  Surely the Defense Department, in fact, has some idea about the funds it needs for Afghanistan and Iraq--and those commitments should be reflected in this bill.  Silence on this matter causes me great concern that our troops will serve far longer than we are being told and the cost will be far greater than we have been led to believe.  I urge the administration to level with the American people and this Congress about the costs of our engagements in Iraq and Afghanistan. The fiscal year 2004 Department of Defense appropriations bill is exactly the appropriate mechanism to do just that.  