 President, this non-binding sense of the Senate amendment expresses that the budget resolution before us should accommodate an appropriation of $750 million for the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program--SCAAP--for Fiscal Year 2004.  I am pleased that Senators Kyl, Bingaman, McCain, and Schumer have joined me in introducing this important measure.  The bipartisan amendment I offer today with my colleagues would also put the Senate on record as favoring a restoration of fiscal year 2003 funding for this important program, which does so much to help State and county governments deal with the growing costs of incarcerating undocumented criminal aliens.  Without adequate funding, this fiscal burden will continue to fall on many of our local law enforcement agencies--including sheriffs, police officers on the beat, anti-gang violence units, and district attorneys offices.  The SCAAP program is based on the principle that when the Federal Government falls short in its efforts to enforce the laws against immigration violations, it must bear the responsibility for the financial and human consequences of this failure.  Thus, the SCAAP program properly vests this burden with the Federal Government when undocumented aliens commit serious crimes within our communities.  It does so by providing Federal reimbursement funding to the States and county governments for the direct costs associated with incarcerating undocumented criminal aliens, who are convicted of felonies or multiple misdemeanors.  Increasingly, State and county governments from all across the country have made use of these funds over the years. In fact, in Fiscal Year 2002, the number of State and local governments seeking SCAAP funding jumped 25 percent from the previous fiscal year.  The combination of this increase, and the fact that all 50 States and the District of Columbia receive some funding from the program, suggests that no State is immune from the fiscal costs associated with crimes committed by illegal aliens.  Today most States are encountering their largest deficits in more than 60 years. Indeed, the fiscal consequences of illegal immigration have contributed to this challenge.  In Fiscal Year 2002, State and county governments incurred more than $13 billion in costs associated with incarcerating criminal illegal aliens. These costs are expected to grow over the next several years, given the new challenges of terrorism and our efforts to enhance security within our Nation's borders.  California's border counties are among the hardest hit in terms of dollars spent on incarceration, prosecution and court costs for those in the United States illegally. I am greatly concerned about the substantial burden these immigration-related costs impose on the criminal justice system on our local communities, especially given the limited tax base and fiscal resources State and local jurisdictions are working with today.  The SCAPP program is not in place to prevent crime, but to fulfill portion of the Federal Government's responsibility, so local governments can use their limited resources for their own responsibilities, such as funding jail enlargement or new homeland security ventures at the local level.  At a time when cash-strapped State and local governments are being asked to do even more to protect our homeland, we cannot afford to eliminate vital funding that already falls far short of what local governments spend to incarcerate undocumented criminal aliens. In previous years, Congress has appropriated between $500 million and $585 million for SCAAP to alleviate some of the fiscal burdens placed on the local criminal justice systems.  In Fiscal Year 2002, Congress appropriated $565 million for this important program. Unfortunately, the prolonged debate over Fiscal Year 2003 appropriations produced budgetary pressures that resulted in a 53-percent drop in SCAAP funding for FY 2003.  SCAAP payments have never matched the true costs to the States dealing with this problem, but they have nevertheless been critical additions to prison and jail budgets. They have also symbolized the Federal Governments obligation to pay for the results of its failed immigration strategies.  These are challenging times in our Nation's history. And, we want, to the best extent possible, our constituents to feel secure in their homes and in their communities.  At a time when the Nation is focused on enhancing security within our borders, our States, and our local communities, a vital program like SCAAP should not be vulnerable to being under-funded or eliminated altogether.  The control of illegal immigration is a Federal obligation and we owe it to our States and local communities to provide them with the crucial Federal assistance they need to continue doing their job.  Again, I wish to emphasize that while this amendment would put the Senate on record as supporting this initiative, the amendment is not binding and therefore, does not require any offsets.  