 President, I would like to try to respond to some of the comments that have been made.  I believe the CFTC has antifraud and antimanipulation oversight on futures exchanges but not on over-the-counter energy trades. That is the difference here. We would cover over-the-counter energy trades and particularly those trades that are electronic.  I also want to show where existing law is inadequate. There is a case that has just been brought to my attention which I think shows that the existing law is inadequate, and this is what we are trying to fix.  Two energy traders from the energy firms Dynegy and El Paso were charged by the U.S. Government with reporting false information on a number of trades--at least 48 trades. They falsely reported the number and the prices used in trades they conducted involving natural gas in an attempt to influence the natural gas spot price indices.  The Federal indictment charged them, among other matters, with wire fraud and violation of the Commodity Exchange Act, which is what we are talking about, provisions prohibiting price manipulation and dissemination of false information about energy commodity rates.  The Federal court allowed the wire fraud charges, but it dismissed the Commodity Exchange Act charges on the ground that the wording of the act failed to prohibit persons from knowingly providing false information. While the CEA used the word ``knowingly'' in an earlier part of the provision, the court ruled that the word had to be repeated in the section prohibiting false information.  The Feinstein-Lugar-Levin amendment would clarify the wording of the CEA provision to resolve the problem identified by this Federal district court in the case of the United States of America v. Michelle Valencia, Criminal Action No. 8-03-024.  That is a pretty clear indication of where present law is not adequate. These were bogus trades. These trades never took place. There were totally bogus, and yet the wording in the Commodity Exchange Act, which we are trying to fix, was judged by the court as too vague to take any action.  Second, I want to make this point: What we are trying to do is prevent fraud and manipulation. We are trying to prevent it and deter it from happening. The soft penalties we have now don't prevent it. That should be very clear. We toughen the penalties in the Electricity Act and in the National Gas Act. Clearly, a number of these schemes that Enron practiced, whether it was Death Star, Ricochet, or Black Widow, or any of these other terrible schemes, took place. Our bill would specifically prevent them.  We are trying to prevent and deter, and the way we do that is by strengthening the law.  I am really puzzled by the administration's position. I am really puzzled because it seems to me they should be on the side of the American people, not on the side of the traders and those who want to get rich quick from this open marketplace.  Additionally, it is interesting to me that the President's working group, when it came out in 1999, specifically said:  ``Due to the characteristics of markets for nonfinancial commodities with finite supplies''--that is energy--``however, the working group is unanimously recommending that the exclusion''--the exclusion from the bill--``not be extended to agreements involving such commodities.''  So beginning in the year 2000, they have done a total switch and I do not understand why, particularly after the events of 2000 and 2001, where we know fraud and manipulation was explicit. Now when the Government tries to go after two companies for bogus trades, a court finds the Commodities Exchange Act is inadequate; it is vague.  Why would people oppose what we are trying to do? I think we are on the side of the angels.  Let me quickly go over some points. Why do we need this legislation? We need it because companies are now permitted to trade large amounts of energy in virtually unregulated markets, which makes it easier for unscrupulous companies such as Enron to manipulate the price of energy. The bill would close the Enron loophole that allows this unregulated trading.  Secondly, do we have any examples of how these markets have been manipulated? FERC recently released a 1-inch thick report on how the markets for electricity and natural gas in the western United States were manipulated in 2000 and 2001. So we know it happened. The FERC found Enron and other companies lied about the prices of their trades, reported fictitious trades to drive up prices, did wash trades with each other, and engaged in rapid trading to drive prices up and then back down, reaping millions of dollars of profits in the process and costing customers billions of dollars in unjustified energy costs. That is according to FERC. That is a finding in their study. Yet people still oppose this legislation. Unbelievable.  Would this legislation have prevented these manipulations? Under current law, the CFTC is totally in the dark about what goes on in the over-the-counter markets. Under this legislation, manipulation in these markets would be a felony and the CFTC would get reports about large trades in the over-the-counter markets, so it would be able to monitor these markets, something it cannot do now. Should anybody be able to escape from ongoing monitoring of what they do in these markets, big traders? I do not think so. Yet they are in this little loophole that was created. That was the purpose of the loophole, to prevent anybody from looking; keep no records. Therefore, they are not going to be able to catch us, and there will be a weak law so it will not be sustained in court when they try to bring a case.  Another question: Enron is bankrupt. A number of traders have been fined and energy trading is back on the rise. The marketplace seems to be correcting itself. Why is this legislation needed?  It is needed to avoid more problems like we have just had. Although everything mentioned in the question I just asked may be true, there is one other significant fact. The consumers and businesses that paid higher prices have only recovered a small fraction of their losses. It is better to prevent the manipulation and the losses from happening than try to make up for them after they take place. That is the point. What our agencies have shown is there is, up to this point at least, no way for an aggrieved marketplace to recover its losses from fraud and any manipulation. Therefore, it should be our job to see the laws are accurate and in place to prevent this kind of activity from taking place in the beginning. That is where increasing the penalties comes in.  Imagine, a $2,000 penalty for doing this. That is nothing. That is not even a slap on the wrist for multibillion-dollar companies.  How does one respond to the concerns that this legislation will increase costs and uncertainty and scare off investment in the energy markets? It will not. The regulated U.S. commoditiesmarkets are the most successful and reliable in the world. Ever since the agricultural exchanges were first regulated, we have heard dire predictions from commodities traders that regulation will drive business overseas. In fact, the opposite has happened. We have seen a flight to quality as investors seek safe and reliable markets. That is a fact. This helps the market.  Many traders and energy companies have said the actual cost of compliance with this legislation will be minimal.  The final question: Why should energy derivatives be regulated differently or more stringently than financial derivatives? Because we do not touch financial derivatives. Mr. Greenspan, please know that.  The price of energy derivatives can be manipulated by manipulating the supply of the underlying energy commodity. The price of financial derivatives is very difficult to manipulate because it is difficult to manipulate the price of financial measures underlying the instruments, which generally are not commodities but abstract financial measures such as interest rates and currency exchange rates.  Then again, in 1999, the President's working group saw this. They recommended they not put energy into the loophole. The Congress saw differently and put energy into this loophole, and the never-never land of secrecy went on. These bogus trades were enabled. These bogus trades took place.  There are cases being brought, and we are even finding that the law is inadequate because a court has said it is too vague. We correct that.  I think this is really an important amendment. I do not think I could live with myself if I did not try to do it. If we lose today, believe me, I will come back again and again, because we saw what happened. We know there was massive fraud and manipulation. We know the loophole was there. We know there is no transparency, no record, no audit trail, and no antifraud and antimanipulation oversight for any over-the-counter energy trade. That is what we are trying to do.  My colleagues have referred to futures exchanges rather than over-the-counter energy trades, and that is what we are referring to in this bill. Please, I know back here people look at the West and they say, aha, it is not us, but what I say to them is some day it could be them. Do they not want the law right? Do they not want to be protected? Do they not want a record kept so the regulatory agency can look at it? I really hope the answer is yes, and I hope this Senate will vote for this amendment.  If there are no further comments, I will yield the remainder of my time. If there are, I reserve the remainder of my time.  