 DASCHLE. Let me finish, and then I would be happy to yield.  She quoted an article. She has had as much experience as I have had with journalism in the country, and in our lives. I don't know what journalistic publication that may have come from. But we know this. We know that oftentimes these columns are written with a built-in bias, with a built-in point of view, and I doubt that she would argue that all articles are written with an objective analysis as their motivation. But you have to think that the Department of Energy in California would be objective. They certainly aren't there touting ethanol as their goal for anything other than what they think is best for California.  I am going to quote. She quoted an article. I will quote the report from California, page III-3, the report of March 28 of 2003, just a couple of months ago.       Since the price of ethanol to refiners is currently at      modest levels relative to gasoline, the recent increase in      California's gasoline prices cannot--  Let me emphasize ``cannot''--     --be attributable to availability or cost of ethanol.  That is from the California Energy Department report.  That isn't the only one. That was corroborated by the Energy Information Administration here in Washington. The report was provided last month, in May of this year. Let me read from that report on page VII:  ``Other factors associated with the MTBE/ethanol changeover, such as ethanol supply and price, and infrastructure to deliver, store and blend ethanol, did not seem to be significant issues'' in the calculation of costs.  That is Department of Energy information.  Here you have the Department of Energy from California and the Department of Energy from the United States Federal Government both calculating that there is no impact, pricewise, with the integration of ethanol into gasoline--none.  I have seen all these articles, and they all have agendas and they all are written in subjective ways to make a point. I thought there was one again in the Post this morning.  But, nonetheless, I think it would be hard for the Senator from California to argue against her own Department of Energy when it comes to the calculation of the integration of the ethanol. I know that is not her intention. I think that is what we really have to make sure is in the Record--a recognition after careful study that there really wasn't any impact on the price of gasoline with the integration of ethanol.  I believe she has the floor and she yielded to me. I would be happy to relinquish the floor so she can regain it.  