 President, I must say I really think this is unfortunate. When Senator Hutchison and I proposed the AMBER alert in the last session and when Senator Leahy was good enough to see that it passed through the committee very rapidly, the Senate voted on it, the House did not. This year Senator Hatch was good enough, as chairman, to see that it passed through the Judiciary Committee very rapidly. The Senate passed the bill. It went to the House, and it became confused in what is a rather monumental discussion.  I want to make a couple of comments on the AMBER alert bill, and then I want to make a few comments on the remainder of the bill.  More than any other single law enforcement tool, I deeply believe, as does Senator Hutchison, that the AMBER alert can result in an abducted child being brought home safely. We know it works, and we know it is a program that should be nationwide.  To date, in 39 States and 49 local and regional jurisdictions, there is an AMBER alert. This is up from 16 States and 32 local and regional jurisdictions just last August. These alerts have been extremely successful. They have resulted in the return of 53 abducted children across the country. Hallelujah. That is 53 families who did not have to suffer the pain of losing a loved one, 53 families who did not have to live through the trauma of losing a child, and that is why this legislation is so important. That is why I am going to vote for this bill.  The first hours after a child is taken are critical. If the child is not found in those first few hours, chances increase dramatically that he or she will disappear forever, and this is the power of the AMBER alert. An alert can be issued within minutes of an abduction and disseminate key information.  Since the State of California first adopted the AMBER alert just 9 months ago, 25 AMBER alerts have been issued involving 31 victims. Each of these alerts ended with the child being united with their family. One cannot argue with results like that.  The provision included in the conference report has a number of key components. It would authorize $20 million for the Department of Transportation and $5 million to the Department of Justice for the development of AMBER alert systems in States where they do not exist; it would build upon the President's Executive order by authorizing a national coordinator; and it would reduce the number of false alerts.  The bill would provide a framework for the Justice Department to establish minimum standards for the regional coordination of AMBER alerts. It is a good bill. We need it.  The report also includes several provisions similar to legislation that I sponsored, with Senator Hatch, which would enhance national efforts to investigate, prosecute, and prevent crimes against children. I really regret that these provisions have become enmeshed with other concerns over the conference report.  I heard Senator Kennedy speak in the Judiciary Committee this morning. I have heard him speak on the floor this afternoon. I understand his concerns. I do not believe judges should have to report their sentences on child crime to the Congress of the United States. I think that is a mistake. It should not happen.  With respect to Koon v. the United States, I think it is a mistake to let appellate courts change the standard of review. I hope the Judiciary Committee will consider these things in the future.  Let me state what is in the report that I agree with. It mandates that sex offenders be supervised for a minimum of 5 years after they are released from prison. I agree.  It ensures that the murder of a child committed as part of a pattern of assaulting or torturing a child is considered first-degree murder. I agree.  It increases the maximum and minimum penalties for anyone who sexually exploits a child. For first conviction, a maximum penalty is 30 years, increased from 20 years. And the minimum sentence is 15 years, increased from 10 years. I happen to agree.  It creates a mandatory minimum penalty for kidnapping of not less than 20 years. Some do not agree with mandatories. I understand that. I respect that. But in the instance of a child, I agree with mandatories.  It creates a crime with a maximum penalty of 30 years for a U.S. citizen traveling within or outside the United States to engage in illegal sexual conduct with children. I agree.  It requires a person convicted a second time of a Federal sex offense involving children to receive a penalty of life imprisonment unless a death sentence is imposed.  Now, if a person is going to be convicted of sexually abusing children twice, the question comes, should there be a third time? I have to say there shouldn't be a third time. I support this provision.  It makes it a crime to attempt international parental kidnapping. Currently, only actual parental kidnapping is illegal. The attempt should be illegal, as well. I support that.  It removes the statute of limitations for child abduction and sex crimes. I agree with that.  It creates a Federal crime with a 2-year maximum penalty for creating a domain name with the intent to deceive a person into viewing obscene material on the Internet. The maximum penalty is 4 years if the intent is to deceive a minor. I agree.  It creates a rebuttal presumption against bail for a person accused of raping or kidnapping a victim who was under 18.  It expands reporting requirements for missing children from 18 to 21 years. Current law requires a host of Federal agencies to report a case of a child under 18 who is missing to the National Crime Information Center. In this case, the age of a missing child for reporting purposes is increased to 21.  It provides more funding for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, increasing funding by $10 million in both fiscal years 2004 and 2005.  I wish it did not have to happen this way. I would have felt much better if we had a chance in the Judiciary Committee to hold the requisite decisions and debate this more fully. I am very hopeful those things which are very controversial--and there are a few in this bill--we will have an opportunity to hear further and amend, if necessary.  What is important is to get the AMBER alert established nationally. If we had been at this for a month or two, I would not feel the way I do today. But we passed this bill in this body in the last Congress. Yet here we are today. I wish it could be a clean bill. I wish it could be just AMBER alert, but I am very pleased and will support the passage of this legislation.  I yield the floor.  