 President, while I was in California, I met with the CEOs of the major banks. It became very clear to me at that time what they were going to do. They were going to come back here and they were going to get a national standard that clearly preempted the California opt-out.  Incidentally, we have modified the amendment I have sent to the desk. I know there was some criticisms of the amendment. We have tightened it up. I think it will stand the test of scrutiny. This amendment protects American consumers' basic privacy rights. It creates a national opt-out standard for affiliate sharing. This would give consumers the choice of whether their personal information can be shared among unrelated companies in a corporate family of companies.  Under the amendment, a company would have to notify a consumer that it intended to share the consumer's information with unrelated affiliates and give the consumer the opportunity to opt out of this sharing. If the consumer does nothing, the institution is perfectly free to share the information.  This amendment is fully sensitive to the real-life demands of business. Where there is a legitimate business need for the information, this amendment provides exceptions to the opt-out.  First and foremost, related affiliates--which are defined as affiliates in the same line of business with the same functional regulator and with the same brand name--are exempt from the opt-out.  Second, the amendment does not affect the ability of companies to have common databases with their affiliates so long as the information is not accessed, disclosed, or used by the affiliate. This is one of the arguments they have raised that this exception is a big loophole. Answer, untrue. While a common database can exist, the amendment explicitly states that an affiliate cannot access or use the information in a manner inconsistent with the consumer's opt-out.  Third, to use consumer information to complete transactions; fourth, to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or identity; next, to comply with Federal, State, or local laws and to do data processing, billing, or mailing. This amendment does not affect the ability of affiliated companies to do any of these six things. There are a number of other standard exceptions.  Before I go into detail describing the amendment. I will spend some time talking about the shortcomings of the ``National Consumer Credit Reporting System Improvement Act'' with respect to a person's natural privacy and why this amendment is needed.  At the outset, I recognize the author of the bill, Chairman Richard Shelby. He has met with me and I am grateful for that meeting. He has listened to my concerns. He has made longstanding efforts to balance the rights of individual privacy with legitimate business needs. I deeply respect the commitment of Senator Shelby to consumer privacy. It is well known. He deserves recognition for his work to strengthen the privacy provisions of the Driver's Privacy Presentation Act and for introducing legislation to require an opt-in for affiliate sharing in the 106th Congress.  In the 107th Congress, he joined me as a cosponsor of the Identity Theft Prevention Act. Many of these provisions he has incorporated in the bill on the floor today, and I thank him.  I also thank Senator Sarbanes. I think his record on privacy is equally impressive. He fought hard to create the opt-out standards for nonaffiliated third parties during enactment of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley financial services modernization law. I have the utmost respect for his work on privacy legislation. He is a champion of consumer privacy.  The American people should know this about both of these Senators. It is just that Senator Boxer and I have a very strong view on the need to give consumers this opt-out on affiliates.  I also recognize this bill has a number of provisions I strongly support. It entitles every consumer to a free credit report. That is great. It creates fraud alerts. Great. It creates a national standard for truncating credit card numbers on store receipts. That is great.  I was delighted, because when I introduced identity theft legislation earlier this Congress, the chairman and CEO of Visa, Carl Pascarella, came and held a press conference and indicated that Visa was not going to wait for the bill, they were going to go ahead and truncate all but the last four digits, in any event, on their credit cards. As of June, all the new merchant terminals using the VISA system--affecting tens of millions of Visa credit cardholders--do have that truncation. Shortly, Visa will have all other stations truncating as well.  This morning Senator Kyl and I held a hearing on hackers getting into data bases and how you prevent that from happening. Visa testified, and it is clear they have taken this very seriously with a very elaborate system to get at the problem and to use technology to solve it.  So all these provisions were included in legislation that I have offered over the last 4 years, and I am very grateful to both the chairman and ranking member, who are here on the floor, that they have been incorporated into this bill. So I say, thank you, Senator Shelby; thank you, Senator Sarbanes.  Now, I think, though, that some of these needed provisions just become window dressing, if you really can't protect a person's privacy. The affiliate sharing provisions of the legislation would set that back because the information age is going to move ahead rapidly. That is one of the problems: Technology finds a way of moving ahead so fast before we have a chance to see that there is an appropriate regulatory system in place.  So the debate today over this bill is really part of a great struggle over whether Americans--ordinary Americans--will have basic control over the most elemental parts of their identity, and whether we can stop the misuse and commercialization of their most personal information.  Most Americans, I believe, consider their personal information their private property. I do. I consider my health data my personal data, my financial data my personal data. When I do business with a bank, I do not expect to see my mortgages purchasable on the Internet for $15 or $20. I do not expect somebody to buy my Social Security number over the Internet, or anything of that kind. Nor do I expect the bank with which I do business to give my data to a thousand--and it can be a thousand--of their affiliates so their affiliates can contact me about traveling with them, investing with them, that they have a better scheme than my checking account. I do not expect that, and guess what. I do not think the majority of Americans do, either.  To give you a sense of the groundswell of public support for privacy, I would like to mention a survey of California voters by Fingerhut Granados Opinion Research on February 7 of this year.  The statewide survey found that by a massive 91-to-7 percent margin, California voters would favor a ballot proposition--and let me quote what it would say--that ``would require a bank, a credit card company, insurance company, or other financial institution to notify a customer and receive a customer's permission before selling any financial information to any separate financial or non-financial company.''  Mr. President, 91 percent would support an initiative to do just that. So they are supporting not opt-out, which is a lower, lesser standard, but they are supporting opt-in when it comes to affiliate sharing. Similar polls across this great land have reflected a landslide of support by Americans for stronger privacy laws.  In my 10 years in this Senate, I have never seen anything like it. There is a groundswell out there, let there be no doubt.  Here in the Senate we have taken some strong action to protect privacy in recent months. In one day, the Senate drafted and passed a bill upholding the ``National Do Not Call'' list. Recently, we passed legislation limiting e-mail spam. In each of these cases, Congress accepted the near unanimous will of the public that there should be limits on when and how commercial entities can invade ordinary Americans' privacy--be it at their homes from telemarketing calls or on their computers from endless e-mail spam.  These concerns are equally present in the debate over affiliate sharing, except the dangers to privacy are so much more insidious. Americans are fully aware of telemarketing calls because their dinners and evenings at home are interrupted by them. Americans are fully aware of spam because their e-mail is clogged with them. In the case of affiliate sharing, most Americans are not aware that their personal information travels from their bank to hundreds or even thousands of other companies.  What is an affiliate and why should we be concerned about the sharing of information among affiliates?  Affiliates are companies related by common ownership. As one example, Travelers Insurance, Diners Club International, Citi Financial, and Salomon Smith Barney are all affiliated companies owned by Citigroup. So the types of businesses that financial institutions can be affiliated with run the gambit: insurance companies, so you can be bugged by insurance companies; securities brokerages; mortgage lenders; travel agencies; retailers; automobile dealers; collection agencies; financial advisers; tax preparation firms. I even think they buy them just for this reason.  In 1999, Congress passed the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which repealed portions of the Glass-Steagall Act that prohibited banks from entering into affiliations with other lines of business. So it became fair game. These financial institutions have moved, in a major way, to affiliate themselves with a tremendous array of businesses. These include insurance and securities brokerages, as I said, mortgage lenders, ``pay day'' lenders, finance companies, and on and on and on.  It could include investment advisers who are not required to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These are not mom-and-pop companies. The top dozen U.S. banks and financial institutions alone control thousands of health and life insurance companies, home mortgage companies, car loan lenders, housing developments, securities brokers, and other businesses.  Take a look at this. Citibank alone has 1,736 affiliates which they own. They own a mortgage company, an insurance company, a student loan corporation, Travelers Life and Annuity, Diners Club International, and Salomon Smith Barney holdings. This becomes a veritable goldmine of information trading for them, and the information that is traded is your personal information that lets an insurance company, or a mortgage company, or an investment banking company know where to go to get business.  Morgan Stanley has 628 affiliates, including the Discover Card, Dean Witter Realty, Southeastern Energy Corporation, and a number of insurance companies.  Wells Fargo, headquartered in my city of San Francisco, has 777 affiliates, including, again, a mortgage company, Advance Mortgage, Dial Finance Company, Pacific Rim Health Care Solutions, Tower Specialists, Norwest Auto Finance, and Auto Risk Managers. Again, a veritable treasure trove, a goldmine for the sharing of private, personal information.  Bank of America has 815 affiliates, including T-Oak Apartments, Stanton Road Housing, NationsBanc Insurance Agency, and General and Fidelity Life Insurance. By mining data from their affiliates, these corporations can compile vast dossiers on consumers to use to their commercial advantage. An affiliated company can call you up with full knowledge of your financial history and offer you credit cards, securities, loan consolidation, whether you need it or not, and you have no way to prevent the company from using your most intimate personal information.  Consider the following case: Several years ago, Nationsbank paid fines of $7 million to the Securities and Exchange Commission and other agencies over its sharing of confidential customer financial statements and account balances with affiliated securities firms. Nationssecurities used the account information to identify those bank customers who had expiring certificates of deposit. Sales representatives then marketed to these customers highly leveraged investments, mischaracteriz- ing them as straightforward U.S. Government bond funds. Investors, 65 percent of whom were over 60 years old, lost millions of dollars from this practice.  While Nationsbank paid a fine for its false and misleading sales practices, its sharing of customer information was perfectly legal under existing law. We need stronger laws to protect us from the potential predations of affiliate sharing. Unfortunately, the Senate bill does not rise to this test.  The 1996 Fair Credit Reporting Act standard on affiliate sharing, which is, for the most part, preserved in S. 1753, is not a strong national standard. The 1996 act permits financial institutions to share ``transaction and experience'' information with affiliates without restrictions. This experimental standard has proven vague and unworkable. Even though the 1996 act has been in effect for 7 years, no one can definitively say what the terms ``transaction and experience'' information mean.  When I asked the CRS to explain the FCRA standard, here is what they said:       The [Fair Credit Reporting Act] does not offer a definition      of a phrase, nor does the act provide any guidance with      respect to what types of information may be included.      Furthermore, none of the Federal bank regulators, nor the      Federal Trade Commission, have promulgated regulations      regarding the definition of ``information solely as to      transactions or experiences'' or what information may be      included in such.       Finally, discussions with industry representatives did      articulate a consistently used definition of what constitutes      a ``transaction or experience'' information.  In essence, both the House bill and the Senate bill maintain an exemption for the sharing of personal information, which nobody has defined.  Seven years after passage of the 1996 FCRA amendments, neither Congress, nor the Federal Trade Commission, nor any other agency has defined the term. An empty standard is a nonenforceable standard. I think America's personal privacy deserves better protection.  Consider again the sensitive information which could be shared among unrelated corporate affiliates if we allow the current standard to stand. Thischart refers to the information I have just been over: an employee's work history, including performance ratings, sick and vacation days, safety, whether the consumer is a complainer or not, can go out to all affiliates, your certificates of deposit maturity dates, so somebody can contact you when that certificate matures; stocks you own, so others can approach you. Then there are the personal things, such as political contributions, charitable contributions, your magazine subscriptions.  Think about that. These companies develop a personal profile on who you are and what you like, and then tell other companies about you. Today, I heard testimony at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing about someone who shopped at Victoria's Secret who had their personal information used in that way. That is what this allows.  The collection of this information is not hypothetical. In Great Britain, unlike the United States, companies are required by law to file a report with the Government on the type of information they collect about consumers.  Here is what Citibank reported to the British Government about the type of information it was collecting about British citizens for marketing purposes. I think it is likely they collect the same information about United States customers. This information includes: personal identifiers, financial identifiers, identifiers issued by public bodies, personal details, habits, current marriage or partnerships, details of other family, household members, other social contacts, accommodations or housing, travel movement details, lifestyle, academic record, membership of professional bodies, publications, current employment, career history.  