 President, I rise in support of the Armed Forces Tax Fairness Act, S. 351.  Whether we are at war, as is currently the case, or at peace, members of the armed services should not be treated unfairly by the Tax Code as a result of their decision to serve our county.  Inequities in the Tax Code that disadvantage men and women in uniform not only make it harder for them to support their families and themselves, but also threaten our own security by making it harder for the armed services to recruit talented service men and women.  We have a responsibility to eliminate any disincentives to serving in the United States military, and this bill does much to fulfill that goal.  The two most important provisions in this bill are relaxed rules on the treatment of capital gains on the sale of a home by military personnel, and an above-the-line deduction on travel expenses for members of the National Guard and Reserve.  Anyone who has ever served in the military or grown up in a military family knows that frequent travel is a way of life for those in uniform. A U.S. Marine might spend a year or two at Camp Pendleton, in my home State of California, then transfer to Quantico, and finally end up at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina.  Under current law, that Marine might not qualify for the home sale capital gains exclusion available to most homeowners, due to his or her frequent postings to different bases, or to combat duty abroad. This bill corrects that inequity, and makes it easier for all military personnel to sell their home tax free.  National Guard and Reserve members would also benefit under the bill from an above-the-line deduction for travel expenses up to $1,500. This puts those who serve on the National Guard and Reserve on equal footing with those who travel on company business and do not pay for those expenses out of after-tax income.  No one who chooses to serve in the Guard or Reserve should have to pay for a plane ticket or hotel room out of their after-tax income in order to join their unit when called up for duty.  This bill also contains a number of smaller, but no less important, provisions designed to ease the tax burden on military personnel, such as the treatment of service academy appointments as scholarships when personnel apply to tuition programs and Coverdell Education Savings Accounts.  I wish we could do more in the Senate to keep our soldiers, pilots, and sailors out of harm's way during the current conflict in Iraq. I wish we could pass a bill that guarantees that each and every one of them returns home safely to their husbands, wives, children, and parents.  We cannot do that. But by passing this bill we can improve their financial security and make it easier for them to continue to serve and to protect our country.  I urge my colleagues to support the Armed Forces Tax Fairness Act.  