 President, the issue before the Senate today is not a mundane redefinition of China's status under our trade laws. Nor does it mark a profound shift in our policy toward the most populous nation on earth.  The question before us--neither mundane, nor profound--is nonetheless of vital importance to the future or our relationship with China. Granting China PNTR and bringing China into the global trading regime continues a process of careful engagement designed to encourage China's development as a productive, responsible member of the world community. It is a process which has no guarantees, but which is far superior to the alternatives available to us.  Our decision on normalizing trade with China is best understood in its historical context. The search for a truly modern China is now more than a 100 years old. It arguably began at the turn of the last century with the collapse of the Qing Dynasty and the birth of the Republic of China under Sun Yat-sen. The search has continued through Japanese invasion, a bloody civil war, the unmitigated disaster of the Great Leap Backwards), the social and political upheaval of the Cultural Revolution, and now through two decades of economic opening to the outside world.  Viewed in this context, a vote for permanent normal trade relations says that we welcome the emergence of a prosperous, independent, China on the world stage. It also says we want China to be subject to stronger, multilateral rules of economic behavior--rules about international trade that will influence the structure of their internal social, economic, and political systems.  Granting permanent normal trade status to China is not a new direction in our relationship with China, Mr. President, but it is an important change in the means we choose to pursue it. We have the opportunity to move some, but not all, of our dealings with China into a new forum; the forum of established, enforceable international trade rules. This will take our economic relationship to a new level; a level commensurate with the importance of our two economies to the world.  As important as this legislation is to our overall relationship with China andto our aspirations for China, we must keep our expectations in check. The reality is that extending permanent normal trade relations to China will not magically cause China's leaders to protect religious freedom, respect labor rights, or adhere to the terms of every international nonproliferation regime.  No single piece of legislation could accomplish those objectives: indeed, these changes ultimately must come from within China, with such encouragement as we can provide from outside.  Some of our colleagues disagree on this point. They would have preferred that the China trade bill be turned into an omnibus China Policy Act. I understand their objectives and their frustration with the slow pace of reform in China. But amendments offered by Senator Smith of New Hampshire--covering such diverse issues as POW/MIA cooperation, forced labor, organ harvesting, etc.--and Senator Wellstone of Minnesota--conditioning PNTR on substantial progress toward the release of all political prisoners in China--pile too much onto this legislation. Moreover, those amendments would effectively hold the trade legislation hostage to changes in China which passing the trade bill would promote. This seems backwards to me.  Other colleagues have such a deep reservations about trading with China that they proposed amendments which would essentially have taken the ``Permanent'' and the ``normal'' out of permanent normal trade relations. Amendments offered by the junior Senator from South Carolina, Senator Hollings, and the senior Senator from West Virginia, Senator Byrd, reflect a deep ambivalence about the benefits to the United States of trading with China. As I will discuss later, I share the Senators' skepticism about the grandiose claims some have made about the economic benefits which will flow to the United States from this trade agreement. But we are not voting on whether to trade with China. We are voting on whether to lock in concessions by China to open its market to the United States. That is why I opposed their amendments.  My opposition to efforts to turn this trade bill into an omnibus China Policy Act, and my opposition to efforts to take the ``P'' and the ``N'' out of PNTR, does not mean that I found all the amendments offered during the previous two weeks of debate without merit.  Indeed, on their own merits, I would have supported a number of the amendments offered by my colleagues. If we had considered this legislation in May, June, or July, there might have been a realistic possibility of resolving differences between the House and the Senate versions of this bill. Under those circumstances, some amendments offered here in the Senate might well have been appropriate.  For instance, Senator Feingold offered an amendment to improve the Congressional Executive Commission on China to be established under the terms of H.R. 4444. The modest changes in the commission suggested by the Senator from Wisconsin are reasonable, and include making sure that the commission produces concrete recommendations for action and that it reports equally to both the House and the Senate. I hope that we might revisit this issue to ensure that the special commission on China is as effective as it can be.  Another Foreign Relations Committee colleague, Senator Wellstone, offered several meritorious amendments, including one endorsing the recommendations of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom with respect to China policy, and another requiring the President to certify that China is in compliance with certain memoranda of understanding regarding prohibition on import and export of prison labor products.  We should seriously consider the input of the religious freedom commission and we should hold China accountable for its failure to implement agreements with the United States, and I look forward to working with my colleagues on these issues in the future.  Finally, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee offered several amendments, including one expressing the sense of Congress condemning forced abortions in China. No member of Congress condones the practice of coerced abortion in China or anyplace else. Senator Helms, who opposes normalizing our trade with China, knows that, which is why he offered his amendment.  Now I share the revulsion of the senior Senator from North Carolina toward forced abortion. It is beyond the pale. But I'm concerned--as I believe the Senator well knows--that his amendment would imperil the entire bill and risk a major setback in our efforts to achieve the very goals we both seek.  Sadly, that is the predicament we find ourselves in now. By delaying consideration of this historic legislation until the last days of this Congress, the Republican leadership has effectively denied the Senate the opportunity to debate the merits of various amendments without also considering the impact that any amendment, no matter how reasonable, would have on the prospects of passing the trade bill during this session of Congress.  So, I approach the pending vote on final passage with some frustration at the process, but which considerable confidence that extending permanent normal trade relations to China is in the best interests of both the United States and the people of China.  I have listened carefully and respectfully to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and on both sides of this question. I share with many of my colleagues a feeling of deep dissatisfaction with the many deplorable aspects of China's domestic and foreign policies.  But, for reasons I want to make clear today, I do not share the belief that by preserving the status quo in our relations with China we will see progress.  This, in a nutshell, is the question before the Senate: shall we stick with the status quo? Or shall we join with virtually every other advanced economy in the world, and endorse the membership of China in a rule-based organization that will help to encourage many of the changes in Chinese behavior that the opponents of permanent normal trade relations say they want to see?  While there are few simple answers to the many questions raised by China, one thing seems clear: If we don't like Chinese behavior now, why vote to preserve the status quo?  The answer, say some of my colleagues, is that we must preserve the annual review of China's trade status to keep the spotlight turned on China.  There are two problems with this answer, in my view. First, we have never, not once in the two decades of annual reviews of China's trade status, voted against renewal of normal trade relations. Not after the tragedy of Tiananmen Square, not after missile launches against Taiwan, not after so many other provocations, broken promises, and disappointments. Annual review of China's trade status is an empty threat--an excuse for a ritual that at one time may have served a purpose, but that no one can seriously argue today has an affect on China's behavior.  The second problem with this argument lies in the premise that extending permanent normal trade relations to China means taking China out of the limelight. I submit to you that anyone who thinks China is going to escape scrutiny by the U.S. Congress and the American people just because it enjoys normal trading privileges with us doesn't know beans about politics.  As I understand their arguments, those who will vote against normalizing our trade relationship with China believe China's foreign and domestic policies remain so objectionable under the system of annual review that we should not, as they put it ``reward'' China with permanent normal trade relations.  But if there has been no improvement in China's human rights record over the past two decades, why should we persist in the fiction of annual review, repeating the empty threat that we might withdraw normal trade relations? What has the annual review gained us?  I see the situation differently, Mr. President, I believe China is changing. China is far from the kind of country that we want it to be, or that its own long-suffering citizens are now working to build. But no single snapshot of unsafe working conditions, of religious and political repression, of bellicose pronouncements about Taiwan, will do justice to the fundamental shifts that are underway in China.  An objective assessment of China over the past two decades reveals sweeping changes in almost every aspect of life--changes facilitated and accelerated by China's opening to the world. These changes are not the result of our annual review of China's trade status. The roots of change reach much deeper than that.  China's leaders have consciously undertaken--for their own reasons, not ours--a fundamental transformation of the communist system that so long condemned their great people to isolation, poverty, and misery. They have been forced to acknowledge the failure of communism, and have conceded the irrefutable superiority of an open market economy. The result has been a marked improvement in living standards for hundreds of million of Chinese citizens.  This growing prosperity for the Chinese people, in turn, has put China on a path toward ever greater political and economic freedom. The Chinese people, taking responsibility for their own economic livelihood, are demanding a greater voice in the governance of China.  This is not just my analysis.  This is also the view of people inside and outside of China who are struggling to deepen China's reforms and to extend them into the political arena.  Dai Qing, a former Chinese rocket scientist turned political dissident and environmentalist, testified passionately in support of permanent normal trade relations before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in July. She said, ``PNTR will help reduce governmental control over the economy and society; it will help to promote the rule of law; and it will help to nourish independent political and social forces in China.''  Wang Dan, the Beijing University student who helped lead the Tiananmen Square protests and now lives in exile, says, ``Economic change does influence political change. China's economic development will be good for the East, as well as for the Chinese people.''  And Xie Wanjun, the Director of the Overseas Office of the China Democratic Party--a party banned within China--says,       We support unconditional PNTR with China by the U.S.      government. . . . We believe the closer the economic      relationship between the United States and China, the more      chance for the U.S. to politically influence China, the more      chances to monitor human rights conditions in China, and the      more effective the U.S. will be to push China to launch      political reforms.  Martin Lee, Chairman of Hong Kong's Democratic Party, supports China's entry into the World Trade Organization and the granting of permanent normal trade relations. ``The participation of China in WTO would not only have economic and political benefits, but would also serve to bolster those in China who understand that the country must embrace the rule of law. . . .''  And Chen Shui-Bian, Taiwan's democratically elected President, said last spring,       We feel that a democratic China will contribute to      permanent peace in this region. Therefore, we support U.S.      efforts to improve relations with China. While we seek to      normalize the cross-strait relationship, especially in the      area of business and trade, we are happy to see the United      States and China improve their economic relations. Therefore,      I am willing to support the U.S. normalization of trade      relations with the PRC.  It's not must dissidents and leading Chinese democracy advocates who support PNTR.  At this time, I ask unanimous consent to introduce into the Record recent statements by former Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter, former Secretaries of State Henry Kissinger and James Baker, Chairman of the Federal Reserve Alan Greenspan, chairman of the Christian Broadcasting Network Pat Robertson, former National Security Advisory Brent Scowcroft, and yes, even former President of the United Auto Workers and former U.S. Ambassador to China Leonard Woodcock, all of whom support extension of permanent normal trade relations to China.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows;    Quotes in Support of Permanent Normal Trade Relations With China       Former President Gerald Ford: ``the facts are a negative      vote in the House and/or the Senate would be catastrophic,      disastrous to American agriculture; electronics,      telecommunications, autos and countless other products and      services. A negative vote in the Congress would greatly      assist our foreign competitors from Europe or Asia by giving      them privileged access to China markets and at the same time,      exclude America's farm and factory production from the vast      Chinese market.'' [remarks at distinguished Americans in      Support of PNTR event, 5/9/2000]       Former President Jimmy Carter: ``China still has not      measured up to the human rights and democracy standards and      labor standards of America. But there's no doubt in my mind      that a negative vote on this issue in the Congress will be a      serious setback and impediment for the further      democratization, freedom and human rights in China. That      should be the major consideration for the Congress and the      nation. And I hope the members of Congress will vote      accordingly, particularly those who are interested in human      rights, as I am; and those who are interested in the well-     being of American workers as I am.'' [remarks at      Distinguished Americans in Support of PNTR event, 5/9/2000]       Alan Greenspan, Chairman of the Federal Reserve: ``The      outcome of the debate on permanent normal trade relations      with China will have profound implications for the free      world's trading system and the long-term growth potential of      the American economy . . . The addition of the Chinese      economy to the global marketplace will result in a more      efficient worldwide allocation of resources and will raise      standards of living in China and its trading partners . . .      As China's citizens experience economic gains, so will the      American firms that trade in their expanding markets . . .      Further development of China's trading relationships with the      United States and other industrial countries will work to      strengthen the rule of law within China and to firm its      commitment to economic reform . . . I believe extending PNTR      to China, and full participation by China in the WTO, is in      the interests of the United States.'' [press statement at the      White House, 5/18/2000, including quote from Greenspan letter      to House of Representatives Banking Committee Chairman James      Leach released 5/8/2000]       Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger: ``The agreement      is, of course, in our economic interest, since its grants      China what has been approved by the Congress every year for      20 years. But we are here together not for economic reasons.      We are here because cooperative relations with China are in      the American national interest. Every President, for 30      years, has come to that conclusion.'' [remarks at      Distinguished Americans in Support of PNTR event, 5/9/2000]       Former Secretary of State and Treasury James Baker: ``As a      former Secretary of Treasury and of State, I believe that      normalized trade with China is good for America on both      economic grounds and security grounds. It will help move      China in the direction of a more open society, and in time,      more responsive government. As such, normalized trade      relations with China will advance both our national      interests, as well as our national ideals, in our relations      with the world's most populous country.'' [remarks at      Distinguished Americans in Support of PNTR event, 5/9/2000]       Pat Robertson, Chairman of the Board and CEO, The Christian      Broadcasting Network, Inc.: ``If the US refuses to grant      normal trading relations with the People's Republic of China,      and if we significantly curtail the broad-based economic,      education, social and religious contacts that are being made      between the U.S. and China, we will damage ourselves and set      back the cause of those in China who are struggling toward      increased freedom for their fellow citizens.'' [letter to      Congressman Joseph Pitts, 5/10/2000]       Brent Scowcroft, USAF Lt. Gen (ret) and former National      Security Advisor: ``I'm strongly in favor of granting      permanent normal trade relations to China, not as a favor to      China, but because doing so would be very much in the U.S.      national interest. This, in my judgment, goes far beyond      American business and economic interests, as important as      these are, to key U.S. political and security interests . . .      This may be one of those rare occasions on an important issue      where there's virtually no downside to taking affirmative      action. We cannot ourselves determine the ultimate course      China will take. And denying permanent normal trade relations      will remove none of the blemishes that China's opponents have      identified. But we can take steps which will encourage China      to evolve in directions compatible with U.S. interests. To      me, granting permanent normal trade relations is one of the      most important such steps that Congress can take.''      [testimony before the Senate Commerce Committee, 4/11/2000]       Leonard Woodcock, former president of the United Auto      Workers and former U.S. Ambassador to China: ``I have spent      much of my life in the labor movement and remain deeply loyal      to its goals. But in this instance, I think our labor leaders      have got it wrong . . . American labor has a tremendous      interest in China's trading on fair terms with the Untied      States . . . The agreement we signed with China this past      November marks the largest single step ever taken toward      achieving that goal.'' [Washington Post, 3/8/2000]  