 32507, the Intelligence Authorization bill, provides, in brief, that no future ``Federal law . . . that implements a treaty or other international agreement shall be construed as making unlawful an otherwise lawful and authorized intelligence activity of the United States Government . . . unless such Federal law specifically addresses such intelligence activity.'' This provision is necessary, the Committee report explains, because ``[t]here has been a concern that future legislation implementing international agreementscould be interpreted, absent the enactment of section 305, as restricting intelligence activities that are otherwise entirely consistent with U.S. law and policy.'' The concern arises from an opinion issued in 1994 by the Office of Legal Council (OLC) of the Department of Justice. In that opinion, the Office interpreted the Aircraft Sabotage Act of 1984--a law implementing an international treaty on civil aviation safety--as applying to government personnel. Although the OLC opinion emphasized that its conclusions should ``not be exaggerated'' and also warned that its opinion ``should not be understood to mean that other domestic criminal statutes apply to U[nited S[tates] G[overnment] personnel acting officially,'' the Central Intelligence Agency, out of an abundance of caution, wants to avoid cases in which legislation implementing a treaty might criminalize an authorized intelligence activity even though Congress did not so expressly provide. I understand the Agency's concern that clarity for its agents is important. At the same time, however, we should take care to specify how section 305 is intended to work.  One question is this: how do we tell when a Federal law actually ``implements a treaty or other international agreement?'' My working assumption, in supporting section 305, is that we will be able to tell whether a future law ``implements a treaty or other international agreement'' by reading the law and the committee reports that accompany its passage. If the text of that future law or of the committee reports accompanying that bill states that the statute is intended to implement a treaty or other international agreement, then section 305 is pertinent to that statute. If there is no mention of such intent in that future law or in its accompanying reports, however, then we may safely infer that section 305 does not apply. Is that the understanding of the Select Committee on Intelligence, as well?  