 President, we will not have the opportunity to vote today on the merits of Aimee's Law, but instead, on a jurisdictional issue regarding whether the bill was properly included in the Sex Trafficking Conference Report. Because I believe the jurisdictional objection is unfounded and I am unwilling to jeopardize the passage of the other significant pieces of legislation included in the Conference Report--most importantly, the Biden-Hatch Violence Against WomenAct of 2000--I will vote against Senator Thompson's point of order.  I supported a similar version of Aimee's Law in the form of an amendment to the Juvenile Justice bill last year. Upon reflection, however, I believe that my support was misplaced. I am troubled by this legislation from both a practical and a constitutional perspective.  Aimee's Law requires the Attorney General, in any case in which a State convicts an individual of murder, rape, or a dangerous sexual offense, when that individual has a prior conviction for any one or more of those offenses in another State, to transfer federal law enforcement assistance funds that have been allocated to the first State in an amount equal to the costs of incarceration, prosecution, and apprehension of that individual, to the second State. The bill contains a ``safe harbor'' exempting from this substantial penalty those States in which No. 1 the individual offender at issue has served 85 percent or more of his term of imprisonment, and No. 2 the average term of imprisonment imposed by the State for the prior offense at issue is at or above the average term of imprisonment imposed for that offense in all States.  As a practical matter, this bill can only promote a ``race to the top,'' as States feel compelled to ratchet up their sentences--not necessarily because they view such a shift as desirable public policy--but in order to avoid losing crucial federal law enforcement funds. Ironically, those States that are apt to benefit most from federal law enforcement assistance may well be those with the poorest record of keeping dangerous offenders behind bars, the same States likely to lose these valuable crime-fighting funds. Nor can States readily assess where they stand relative to other States since they are always striving to hit a moving target and maintain sentences at or above an elusive average of all state sentences for various qualifying offenses.  The law also will spawn an administrative nightmare for the Attorney General, who is charged under the legislation with the responsibility of constantly tabulating and retabulating the average sentences across the nation for a host of different serious offenses, as well as with the responsibility of keeping track of which State's federal funds should be reallocated to which other States every time a released offender commits another qualifying crime. The law even requires the Attorney General to consult with the governors of those States with federal funds at risk to establish a payment schedule. It's no wonder that the nation's governors so strongly oppose this law.  As a constitutional matter, I have grave concerns about Aimee's Law's seeming disregard of basic principles of federalism. Congress's spending authority is undeniably broad. But I have serious reservations about the wisdom and constitutionality of a law that, instead of clearly conditioning a federal grant upon a State's performance of a specific and clearly stated task, penalizes a State for conduct that occurs after the fact and that is not entirely within the State's control--the offender's commission of another serious crime in another State. In this sense, Aimee's Law is far more onerous and far less respectful of fundamental principles of federal-state comity than a straightforward law conditioning federal spending upon the States' adoption of more stringent sentencing laws--the likely result of this legislation. In a climate in which the U.S. Supreme Court is quick to strike down Acts of Congress that, in the Court's view, infringe upon the States' prerogatives, Aimee's Law, I fear, presents an all too inviting target and needlessly risks creating bad precedent regarding the scope of Congress's spending authority.  It is my hope that Congress and the President will monitor the operation of this law and revisit it if necessary.  