 President, I rise today in support of this resolution to designate Monday, June 19, 2000 as ``National Eat Dinner with Your Children Day,'' cosponsored by Senators Grassley, Levin, Jeffords, Bryan, Kennedy, Murray, Moynihan, Sessions, DeWine, Helms, Thurmond, Schumer and Inouye. A similar resolution has been introduced in the House of Representatives by Representatives Rangel and McCollum.  In addition to designating June 19--the day after Father's Day--as National Eat Dinner with Your Children Day, the resolution also recognizes that eating dinner as a family is a critical step toward raising healthy, drug-free children and it encourages families to eat together as often as possible.  The idea for this resolution grew out of research by The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University, CASA, on teen attitudes about drug use. For four years running, the CASA teen survey has highlighted the power that parents have over their children's decisions regarding drug use, showing that children and teens who routinely eat dinner with their families are far less likely to use illegal drugs, cigarettes or alcohol:  Teens who rarely eat dinner with their parents are 72 percent more likely than the average teen to use drugs, cigarettes and alcohol.  Teens that almost always eat with their families are 31 percent less likely to smoke, drink or do drugs than the average teen.  Of course, having dinner as a family is a proxy for spending time with kids. It is not the meat, potatoes and vegetables that alter a child's likelihood to use drugs, it is the everyday time spent with mom and dad--the two most important role models in most kids lives.  I do not believe that this resolution will be the silver bullet to solving this nation's drug problem. But I do feel these statistics are telling. CASA President Joe Califano talks about ``Parent Power.'' It is important that parents know the power they have over their children's decisions and the power that they have to deter kids from drinking, smoking or using drugs. For example, nearly half of teens who have never used marijuana say that it was lessons learned from their parents that helped them to say no.  Unfortunately, many parents are pessimistic about their ability to keep their kids drug-free; 45 percent say that they believe their child will use an illegal drug in the future.  This pessimism is often reinforced by news reports that indicate that while most parents say that they have talked to their kids about the dangers of drugs, only a minority of teens say that they have learned a lot from their family about the dangers of drugs. Rather than be discouraged by this apparent disconnect, I think it should teach us an important lesson: that talking to kids about drugs ought not just be a one-time conversation. It should be an ongoing discussion that includes asking children where they are going, who they are going out with, whether there will be adult supervision, etc. These lessons can also grow out of spending time with a child, helping that child to learn how to work through problems or rise above peer pressure, and parents setting a good example for kids.  Keeping up on children's lives--including knowing who their friends are and what they are doing after school--is critical. The experts tell us that some of the tell-tale signs that a child is drinking or using illicit drugs are behavior changes, change in social circle, lack of interest in hobbies and isolation from family. These changes can be subtle; picking up on them can require a watchful eye.  Eating dinner as a family will not guarantee that a child will remain drug-free. But family dinners are an important way for parents to instill their values in their children as well as remain connected with the challenges that children face and help them learn how to cope with problems without resorting to smoking, drinking or using drugs.  I sincerely hope that each one of my colleagues join me to support this resolution to send a message to parents that they can play a powerful role in shaping the decisions their kids make regarding drinking, smoking and drug use.  