 President, as I understand it, the Senator from New York has yielded me 10 minutes. I will not use the 10 minutes because there will be others who wish to speak. I yield myself 5 minutes.  Mr. President, the headlines in today's papers say that we are here today discussing estate tax relief, an issue that affects a little less than 2 percent of Americans.  The issue before us is much bigger than that. We are debating the fundamental principles that should guide us in the new era of budget surpluses.  We cannot, we must not, lose sight of that larger picture. If we focus on the narrow picture of a tax cut here, a spending program there, we run the risk of wasting all the hard work and sacrifice that has brought us to the best economic and budget era in our history.  The real task before us today is to set the priorities for this era. This debate over the estate tax is just one part of that debate, but it is an important part.  Let's be clear about this--the amendment I am offering right now, with my friends from New York and Indiana and Louisiana, would repeal the estate tax for all families with estates up to $4 million, and for all family farms and businesses up to $8 million. And, it would leave room for a tuition tax credit to help middle class Americans pay for the rising cost of a college education.  Our proposal, the Democratic alternative proposal that Senator Moynihan introduced earlier today, would eliminate those taxes sooner than the Republican plan, and would remove virtually all of the cases from the estate tax roles that have been employed as examples by the majority in this debate.  The majority would rather send their plan to the certain fate of a Presidential veto than cut the taxes of the family farmers and family businesses they claim to care about.  They would rather have an issue than a tax cut. Their proposal would cut the top tax rates for the richest of the rich first, and delay for 10 years the tax relief for family farms and businesses.  By the time any tax relief gets to those farmers and small businessmen, the Republican plan will cost at least $50 billion a year--half a trillion over 10 years--effectively squeezing out any hope for deficit reduction, strengthening Social Security, other tax cuts, or any other priorities we will face.  The plan I am offering with my colleagues today offers relief for family farms and businesses up front--and leaves room for other priorities.  The priority I want to stress is the need to help with the spiraling cost of college tuition.  Mr. President, I am glad to join the Senator from New York in offering this amendment to make higher education more affordable for America's families.  As a college degree becomes increasingly vital in today's global economy, the costs associated with obtaining this degree continue to skyrocket. At the same time, the annual income of the average American family is not keeping pace with these soaring costs. Since 1980, college costs have been rising at an average of 2 to 3 times the Consumer Price Index.  Now, in the most prosperous time in our history, it is simply unacceptable that the key to our children's future success has become a crippling burden for middle-class families.  According to the U.S. Department of Education National Center for Education Statistics, the average annual costs associated with attending a public 4-year college during the 1998-1999 school year, including tuition, fees, room, and board were $8,018. For a private 4-year school these costs rose to an astonishing $19,970.  And these are only the average costs, Mr. President. The price tag for just one year at the nation's most prestigious universities is fast approaching the $35,000 range.  In 1996, and again in 1997, I introduced the ``GET AHEAD'' Act, Growing the Economy for Tomorrow: Assuring Higher Education is Affordable and Dependable. My main goal in introducing this legislation was to help the average American family afford to send their children to college.  Although this legislation never came before the full Senate for a vote, I was extremely pleased that a number of the provisions of the GET AHEAD Act--including the student loan interest deduction and the establishment of education savings accounts--were included as part of the 1997 tax bill.  Additionally, two other provisions of that bill--the Hope Scholarship and theLifetime Learning Credit--were based upon the core proposal of my GET AHEAD Act--a $10,000 tuition deduction.  I have been advocating tuition deduction since I first announced my candidacy for the Senate 28 years ago. Earlier this year, I was pleased that the President made a proposal in his State of the Union Address which would finally fully enact this proposal.  The amendment Senators Schumer, Bayh, Landrieu, and I are offering today will provide America's middle class families with a tax deduction of up to $12,000 for the costs of college tuition and fees.  Middle-class families who struggle to send their kids to college should get some tax relief. We should not be giving tax cuts to those who need them least.  The proposal Senator Schumer and I are offering is a tax cut that makes sense. It is a tax cut that benefits the middle class, and it is a tax cut that is an investment in America's future.  Mr. President, the dream of every American is to provide for their child a better life than they themselves had. A key component in attaining that dream is ensuring that their children have the education necessary to successfully compete in the expanding global economy.  It is my hope that the proposal we are offering today will help many American families move a step closer in achieving this dream and be able to better afford to send their children to college.  I am proud to join Senator Schumer. He and I, together and separately, have been pushing for this relief for middle-class taxpayers to send their kids to college for a long time. I apologize to my colleague, Bill Roth, for whom I have great respect. He has heard me on this hobby horse about tuition tax credit longer than he cares. I am not suggesting he does not share the same concern, but I apologize. He has heard me make this speech since 1973 when I was a freshman Senator.  As one of the folks in Delaware said to me: Biden, when are you going to get off that hobby horse? I am not going to get off the hobby horse because, as the Senator from New York indicated, as a matter of public policy, we should be making it easier, not harder, for children to go to college. We should not make these false distinctions between you are able, maybe, to get to a community college or to a junior college or maybe your State college, but you are not going to be able to get to a private institution.  If a child has the intellectual capacity, interest, and drive and they are able to go to Harvard or the University of Chicago or one of the great institutions in America where we all know you get a little leg up--I had one son graduate from Syracuse Law School and did just as well as the son who graduated from Yale Law School, but the marks of the kid who went to Yale Law School were no different than the one who went to Syracuse Law School. He got his ticket punched, a ticket to ride. We all know it makes a difference to what school you have access.  We have essentially priced middle-class kids out of the finer institutions. They may not learn any more coming out of those institutions, but they get a heck of a lot more opportunities, which I can say as a graduate of my State university, of which I am proud.  Since 1980, college costs have been rising on average two to three times the Consumer Price Index. Now in the most prosperous time in our history, people still have trouble. Let me give my colleagues a little idea.  According to the U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics, the average annual costs with attending a public 4-year college during the 1998-1999 school year, including tuition, fees, room, and board were $8,018. For a private university, that average cost was $19,000. If you decide to send your child or your child decides they wish to go to a private university--I had one go to Georgetown, one go to Penn, and one go to Tulane. That is a total of over $100,000 a year in tuition, which is the reason I have the dubious distinction of being rated as one of the poorest men in the U.S. Congress. I am not poor. I live in a beautiful home in a beautiful neighborhood. I do not think I am poor, but I have $125,000 in debts for college tuition.  The good news is, as the Senator said, I was able to borrow it because I had a nice enough house to borrow against on a second mortgage. What happens to the average American who has a good income, they have a decent income--the wife is making $30,000 or $40,000, and the husband is making $30,000 or $40,000. That is 70,000, 80,000, 90,000 bucks a year. After taxes, what do they have? Maybe somewhere between $40,000 and $50,000. After they write that first semester tuition check for 15 grand, like I am about to do for Tulane University, they are in pretty deep trouble. Every middle-class American knows that. What I am a little concerned about is we are paying very little attention to this. This is about priorities.  I had a different bill than my friend from New York. Mine was $10,000 up to $120,000. His is $12,000. His has some better features than mine, but we joined forces to make the case. My dad always said to me: Champ, I tell you what, if everything is equally important to you, nothing is important to you, unless you have priorities.  This is about priorities. If the Senator from New York and I had our way and we could make this country as great as it is now without any taxes, we, like everybody else here, would vote against any tax for anything. I am all for no taxes, but what are our choices? Our choices are we cannot cut all taxes. So the question comes: What are we going to do in cutting taxes? Are we going to spend $134 billion over the next 10 years to deal with the ``death tax'' and $750 billion over the next 10 after that, or are we going to spend $40 billion over 10 years, as the Senator from New York----  