 President, I and my colleagues--Senators Roth, Kennedy, and Thurmond--are reintroducing an amendment that the Senate passed last year to provide long overdue justice for the two fine military officers, Admiral Husband Kimmel and General Walter Short.  Last year the Senate voted to include this amendment in the Defense authorization bill, but because the House had not considered such a provision, it was not included in the final conference report.  This year, having had time to consider the facts, the House Armed Services Committee included the exact same language that the Senate passed last year in their fiscal year 2001 Defense authorization bill, which passed the full House on May 18.  I also want to remind my colleagues that this resolution has the support of various veterans groups, including the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) and the Pearl Harbor Survivors Association. It is also a move supported by former Chiefs of Naval Operations, including Admirals Thomas H. Moorer, Carlisle Trost, J.L. Holloway III, William J. Crowe, and Elmo Zumwalt.  As most of you know, Admiral Kimmel and General Short commanded U.S. forces in the Pacific at the time of the 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor. Afterwards, they were blamed as completely responsible for the success of that attack.  I will not go through an exhaustive review of this case. I think the amendment itself provides the facts and the record from last year's debate was also quite thorough. Instead, I want to review the reasons I think this is the right action to take.  For me, this issue comes down to basic fairness and justice. It was entirely appropriate for President Roosevelt to decide to relieve these officers of their command immediately following the attack. Not only was it his prerogative as Commander in Chief, he also needed to make sure the nation had confidence in its military as it headed into war. So, I can understand the need, at that time, to make them the scapegoats for the devastating defeat. What I do not accept is that the decisions of this government in those extreme times have been left to stand for the past 59 years.  To be more specific, it was a conscious decision by the government to actively release a finding of ``dereliction of duty'' a mere month after Pearl Harbor. Not one of the many subsequent and substantially more thorough investigations to follow agreed with that finding. Even worse, the findings of the official reviews done by the military in the Army and Navy Inquiry Boards of 1944--saying that Kimmel and Short's forces were properly disposed--were classified and kept from the public.  Think about it. We are a nation proud to have a civilian led military. The concept of civilian rule is basic to our notion of democracy. This means that the civilian leadership also has responsibilities to the members of its military. The families of Admiral Kimmel and General Short were vilified. They received death threats. Yet, Admiral Kimmel and General Short were denied their requests for a court martial. They were not allowed to properly defend themselves and their honor.  Whatever the exigencies of wartime, it is unconscionable that government actions which vilified these men and their families should continue to stand 59 years later. It is appropriate that government action be taken to rectify this. There are very few official acts we can take to rectify this. The one suggested by this amendment is to advance these officers on the retirement list. They were the only two officers eligible for such advancement after Congress passed the 1947 Officer Personnel Act, denied that advancement.  I also want to point out that I do not believe this is rewriting history or shifting blame, instead, it is acknowledging the truth. The 1995 report by then Undersecretary Edward Dorn said, ``Responsibility for the Pearl Harbor disaster should not fall solely on the shoulders of Admiral Kimmel and Lieutenant General Short, it should be broadly shared.'' To say that and then take no action to identify others responsible or to rectify the absolute scapegoating of these two officers is to say that military officers can be hung out to dry and cannot expect fairness from their civilian government.  Again, with civilian leadership, comes responsibility. This advancement on the retirement ranks involves no compensation. Instead, it upholds the military tradition that responsible officers take the blame for their failures, not for the failures of others. The unfortunate reality is that Admiral Kimmel and General Short were blamed entirely and forced into early retirement. As Members of Congress we face no statute of limitations on treating honorable people with frankness and finding out the truth so that we can learn from our mistakes.  By not taking any action to identify those who Undersecretary Dorn says share the blame, we have denied our military the opportunity to learn from the multiple failures that gave Japan the opportunity to so devastate our fleet.  This is not to say that the sponsors of this amendment want to place blame in a new quarter. This is not a witch-hunt aimed at those superior officers who were advanced in rank and continued to serve, despite being implicated in the losses at Pearl Harbor. Instead, it validates that the historic record, as it is becoming clearer and clearer, is correct to say that blame should be shared. This amendment validates the instincts of those historians who have sought the full story and not the simply black-and-white version needed by a grieving nation immediately following the attack.  So, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment again this year. Quite simply, in the name of truth, justice,and fairness, after 59 years the government that denied Admiral Kimmel and General Short a fair hearing and suppressed findings favorable to their case while releasing hostile information owes them this official action.  