 President, I want to take a few minutes to speak to the Commerce-Justice-State appropriations legislation that is contained in this bill. Unfortunately, I've got some good news and some bad news. The good news is that this bill recognizes the need to dedicate more resources to foreign policy needs; the bad news is that the bill fails to contain funding for three important programs in the Justice portion of this legislation.  The State Department does important work--protecting our citizens and pursuing our foreign policy objectives--in some of the most dangerous and difficult places in the world. Unlike the U.S. military, State Department employees go into areas of conflict unarmed, and generally unprotected. We have State Department officials in Sierra Leone, in Syria, in Lebanon and Liberia, and throughout the war-torn corners of the former Yugoslavia.  That is why I am particularly pleased to see that funding for embassy security in the Commerce-Justice-State bill is at the levels requested by the Administration. I strongly support full funding of two critical accounts--embassy security and maintenance, and embassy security equipment and personnel--in the legislation to authorize State Department activities which was initiated by the Committee on Foreign Relations last year.  Failure to fully fund the State Department's security account would have had a devastating effect on the safety of the Americans who serve us overseas, both in the number of security agents who protect them against terrorist threats and construction of new, safe embassies. Fortunately both these security programs will be well-funded. I regret, however, that agreement was not reached to fund a new Center for Anti-terrorism and Security Training. I hope we can give this careful consideration next year.  In addition, after many years of decline, funding for the State Department's most basic needs--including salaries and administrative expenses--has been increased. The final funding for this account exceeds the Administration's original request by $65 million, which should help offset the many reductions in the State Department budget during the 1990s.  As the Secretary of State has said numerous times, diplomats are our first line of defense. Just as we are concerned about military readiness, so we must be attentive to diplomatic readiness overseas. We need to do as much as we can--and in my opinion, this funding goes only part way--to ensure that we retain the best and the brightest in our Foreign Service.  I am pleased that the amount of money dedicated to United Nations Peacekeeping operations exceeds the Administration's original request. The final figure is based on more recent calculations of the U.S. dues to the United Nations and will allow us to help fund these important missions, thereby alleviating suffering and improving stability around the world.  I understand the frustration that many of my colleagues feel toward the United Nations. Earlier this week, I visited the UN. I want to assure my colleagues that reform is happening. Ambassador Holbrooke has kept his commitment, made to the Committee on Foreign Relations during his confirmation hearings, that reform will be his ``highest sustained priority.'' He and his team in New York continue to push effectively for needed reforms in the areas of peacekeeping and general operations. The recommendations made by the Brahimi panel, in particular, will result in better focused, trained and equipped peacekeeping missions--changes I believe that we all agree are needed.  I wish that I could be as positive about the Justice Department portion of the bill, but I cannot. I am disheartened that the legislation does not contain three crucial provisions--reauthorization of the COPS program, the Violent Crime Reduction Trust Fund, and full funding for the Violence Against Women Act.  Although we have 49 co-sponsors from both sides of the aisle and letters of support from every major law enforcement organization, a few powerful members on the other side have refused to allow a vote on the continuation of the COPS program.  In 1994, we set a goal of funding 100,000 police officers by the year 2000. We met that goal months ahead of schedule. As of today, there have been 109,000 officers funded and 68,100 officers deployed to the streets.  Because of COPS, the concept of community policing has become law enforcement's principal weapon in fighting crime. Community policing has redefined the relationship between law enforcement and the public. But, more importantly, it has reduced crime. And that is what we attempted to do.  All across the country, from Wilmington to Washington--from Connecticut to California, we are seeing a dramatic decline in crime. Just a few weeks ago, the FBI released its annual crime statistics which showed that once again, for the eighth year in a row, crime is down. In fact, crime was down 7 percent from last year and 16 percent since 1995. But we can't become complacent. We have to continue to help state and local law enforcement by putting more cops on the street. Mark my words, the day we become complacent is the day that crime rates go up again. And refusing to even allow a vote on this bill is even worse than complacency--it is irresponsible.  And I will say again that I firmly believe that reauthorization of the Violent Crime Reduction Trust Fund is the single most significant thing that we can do to continue the war on crime.  Since the Fund was established in the 1994 Crime Act, Congress has appropriated monies from the fund for programs including the Local Law Enforcement Block Grant Program and numerous programs contained in the Violence Against Women Act. The money has gone to hire more cops and it has brought unprecedented resources to defending our southwest border. It has funded runaway youth prevention programs and numerous innovative crime prevention programs. And there are many more.  The results of these efforts have taken hold. Crime is down--way down. And we didn't add 1 cent to the deficit or the debt.  This was the single most important paragraph in the 1994 Crime bill because no one can touch this money for any other purpose. It can't be spent on anything else but crime reduction. It is the one place where no one can compete. It is set aside. It is a savings account to fight crime.  This fund works. It ensures that the crime reduction programs that we pass will be funded. It ensures that the crime rate will continue to go down instead of up. It ensures that our kids will have a place to go after school instead of hanging out on the street corners. It ensures that violent crimes against women get the individualized attention that they need and deserve. It gives States money to hire more cops and get better technology.  This bill also is unsatisfactory because it leaves the landmark Violence Against Women Act underfunded, seriously jeopardizing the tremendous strides we have made in every State across this country to reduce domestic violence and sexual assault against women. Congress originally approved this legislation in 1994 and then reauthorized it unanimously this past October. In the bill before us, however, Congress fails to live up to its commitment to women and children who are the victims of domestic violence and sexual assault by not appropriating the necessary funds authorized in the Violence Against Women Act of 2000.  Reauthorization of the COPS program, the Trust Fund, and full funding for the Violence Against Women Act should have been a part of this package, and I'm disappointed that some on the other side have decided to put politics ahead of the people.  