 President, I say to my friend from Virginia, we would be 50 percent better off if we adopted the House position than the Senate position. The House position is only half as bad as the Senate position. The House position adopted today says there must be an accounting, as I understand it. The House requires that we pay our fair share, and that unless NATO meets their aid commitments, then troops would be withdrawn.  This amendment goes a lot further than that. The real damage of the Byrd-Warner amendment, in my view, is that it does something that I cannot imagine any military man wanting to do. It says that what we are going to do is announce today, tomorrow, the next day--whenever we finally vote on it--if it prevails, we are going to announcethat in the summer of 2001 we are out of there, unless we affirmatively vote to stay.  I find this absolutely intriguing. We had a very spirited debate about whether to get involved in Kosovo at all. I do not remember a single, solitary person during that debate who really wanted to be involved. I suspect--as my friend from South Carolina always reminded me--there was no one more vocal about our need to make that effort than me. He would come to the floor --and I consider him one of my closest friends, not only my closest Senate friend--he would say: How is the Biden war going today?  I felt strongly it was the right thing for the United States to do. I do not remember any time during that debate--and I believe I participated in every piece of that debate--when anybody said there was any reasonable prospect there would be no American forces in Kosovo 1 year or 2 years or even 3 years from now. We had just gone through this, in my view, very wrongheaded debate about setting a time certain for troops to be withdrawn from Bosnia. We did that once already, and we finally figured out it made no sense to set a time certain to withdraw troops in Bosnia, and here we are again.  Let's peel back the first layer of this onion. We have a very legitimate, fundamental, serious disagreement among many of us on this floor, crossing party lines. I do not know anybody stronger against this amendment than the Presiding Officer. He is a Republican. And I do not know anybody stronger for the amendment than Senator Byrd, a Democrat. This division crosses party lines.  It boils down to something very basic, it seems to me, and that is, when every Senator asks himself or herself the following question, they will know how they should vote.  The question is, Does the United States have a significant interest in peace and stability in the Balkans? If it does not, then my colleagues should vote for Byrd-Warner. I respect that view. I respect the view of those who say it is not a critical U.S. interest, a vital U.S. interest, a significant U.S. interest, or it is Europe's problem. I respect that. I think they are dead wrong, but I respect their view.  What I find fascinating, though, is I do not know how anyone can intellectually reach the following conclusion; that it is in our vital interest to see to it there is peace and stability in that part of Europe, but we should announce now that we are out unless we affirmatively vote we are in. I do not get that.  My mom had an expression--it is not original to her. She said: Joey, the road to hell is paved with good intentions.  We are paving a road to hell with this amendment. What we are doing with this amendment is saying to Slobodan Milosevic, unintentionally, but the effect is: Hang on, baby, we do not have the will to stay.  Let me ask another question rhetorically: We have 5,600 troops there. Thank God, none are being shot at. Thank God, no one has been killed. Thank God, there is peace. Thank God, they are doing their job. Thank God, there is no immediate jeopardy from an outside invading army, et cetera. Does anybody believe that if we withdraw our forces from Kosovo the Europeans will get it right? Does anybody here believe that the Europeans will say: OK, the United States is gone; no worry, we're going to take care of this matter; not a problem.  We can all sit here and say: The GDP of Europe is bigger than ours. Europe should be mature enough to be able to handle this. They don't need us. It is their backyard.  That is all well and good to say, but does anybody believe it? In a different context, Thomas Jefferson said: If a nation wishes to be both ignorant and free, it wishes for something that never was and never can be. If anybody believes there can be stability in Europe without stability in the Balkans, they are wishing for something that never was and never can be. Never in our history has it been that way.  So let's cut right to the quick. You have to be able to say the following, it seems to me, to be for Warner-Byrd, Byrd-Warner: stability in the Balkans is not important for stability in the rest of Europe; or it is important, but I believe the Europeans can handle it by themselves.  If you can conclude either of those two to be true, then have at it. But if you conclude, as Barry Goldwater used to say--and I did serve with him--in your heart you know that not to be true, then you better not vote for this amendment or you better vote to strike this amendment.  What are the likely consequences of adoption of this amendment? I will get back to some of the details about the amendment and the requirements imposed upon the administration to be able to certify that the Europeans are doing their part. I will state right now the Europeans are doing their part. We have battered them up and about the head--no one more than this Senator--to do their part.  The President will have to certify, though, on a very different standard. By the way, the reason my friends want to amend this is so it can be even remotely possible that the President would be able to certify that the Europeans are doing their part.  But regarding individual countries, the European Commission is in the process of collecting data from the 15 member states in the European Council, each of which has unique budgeting procedures in fiscal years. We are utilizing the United Nations. As we already see in the aggregate, our European partners are providing a vast majority of the assistance to Kosovo.  If we look at the troop strength, our NATO allies have 40,000 troops on the ground in Kosovo; we have 5,600. That is, the United States is providing about 13 percent of the KFOR troop strength.  If we look at UNMIK--I hate these acronyms--but UNMIK's consolidated budget--that is the U.N. piece here--the Europeans, and others, are right now funding 87 percent of that entire budget. Our part, again, compromises only 13 percent of the total.  So the benchmark laid out in the legislation has already been met.  How about international police? There are civilian police officers sent from the U.N. member states all over the world, who are to relieve KFOR troops of the nonmilitary law and order function in Kosovo. That is the plan. We all support it. Fully 88 percent of the pledges for civilian police for Kosovo have come from outside the United States of America. And 87 percent of all the police officers pledged have already been deployed.  Let's look at the so-called reconstruction funding concerning Europe's financial contributions to the reconstruction of Kosovo. Section 2410 of the Byrd-Warner amendment focuses on the speed with which it delivers that assistance.  When the United States commits funding for large-scale reconstruction initiatives, sometimes the United States itself does not hit the benchmark set here--33 percent obligated or contracted for a year or two.  Let's look at the humanitarian relief. In the spring of this year, the United Nations High Commission for Refugees announced that the humanitarian disaster in Kosovo had been averted. The much feared winter had come and gone. It was time for the international community to switch from a relief role to a reconstruction role.  Nonetheless, Senator Warner's legislation, in section 2410, insists that Europeans continue to funnel money into humanitarian relief when the need no longer is pressing. This is what I might call counterproductive micromanagement from thousands of miles away.  The United States is not paying a disproportionate price in the international effort to secure peace in Kosovo--not in terms of the number of peacekeeping troops, not in terms of the number of civilian police, not in terms of the reconstruction and humanitarian aid.  Section 2410 is also inconsistent. It really is saying to the Europeans: Heads I win; tails you lose, Europeans. We set these benchmarks. We tell them they have to meet the benchmarks. They are meeting the benchmarks. Then we tell them: By the way, while you're meeting those benchmarks--and you do that first--we are not committing to stay anyway. As a matter of fact, we're out of there. We're out of there. We tell you now, ahead of time, hey, Europe, we're out in July 2001, unless we affirmatively change our mind and stay in.  That really is persuasive, isn't it? What do you think it would be the other way around if Europe said: I tellyou what, United States, you put up 87 percent of this endeavor we're going to get involved in. Once you put it up, we are going to tell you that we're not in anyway, unless we change our mind a year and a half from now.  Let me ask you a rhetorical question: If you are sitting in Europe--and in the mood that exists in the United States today, in a country that has turned down the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty, where the debate is about whether or not we should be involved in Africa, whether we should be involved in anything that comes up internationally--and you hear that the Senate--and hopefully not the Congress as well--passes a law that says we are affirmatively out in 1 year and 3 months, unless we change our minds and affirmatively vote to stay; what do you think that communicates to Europe? What do you think they are going to think in Berlin, in Paris, in London, in Lisbon, et cetera?  Do you think they are going to say: Oh, I tell you what: that is just the way their Constitution operates. That is just how they do that?  I chaired the Judiciary Committee for years. I have made it my business to try to understand and--most dangerously--actually teach constitutional law and the separation of powers issues, and particularly the war clause. I take a back seat to no one, including my distinguished friend, Senator Byrd, in paying attention to the congressional prerogatives that exist when it comes to the notion of what constitutionally is permissible for a President to do and what our constitutional responsibility is.  The truth of the matter is, Congress has the power to authorize deployment to Kosovo or to set limits on deployment. Congress could, as the Byrd-Warner amendment clearly contemplates, cut off funds or circumscribe the missions of the troops. But merely because the Congress has the power to do that does not mean it is wise to exercise that power or that it has the obligation to do that under the Constitution.  I would have no objection to a resolution authorizing the deployment of U.S. forces or a resolution today saying: Withdraw now. Withdraw now. At least that would end the uncertainty. It would end the fact that you would have our troops and 40,000 other troops in Kosovo somewhere other than in limbo wondering whether we are going to stay or not stay, wondering what our predisposition is likely to be.  I do not believe we should put our troops or our allies under the sword of Damocles with the threat of a funding cutoff that implies the United States is abandoning its friends and allies in Europe now. The fact is, no one is being shot at now, our troops are not being shot at. We are not in a state of war now.  There is no outside army. There are a bunch of thugs wandering the countryside who have the possibility of doing harm to our forces and others. This is as close as you are going to get to a legal definition of a police action as you are ever going to have. This is not a circumstance requiring the United States--beyond what was already done in voting for the airstrikes and the use of force--to have Congressional consent beyond what it already has. As one of our colleagues said in the caucus, I didn't hear anybody in 1973 when I was here, or in 1977, or in 1985, or in 1997, or in 2000, call for continued authority, an affirmative vote to continue to maintain 100,000 troops in Europe.  With regard to the argument that we are stretched too thin and can't afford to have 5,600 forces in Kosovo for an extended period of time, well, if we can't afford that, how are we able to afford to have 100,000 troops in Europe? I want to know that one. I don't quite get that. I don't quite get how we can afford to have 100,000 troops in Europe, stationed in Germany and elsewhere, where they are not keeping anything except our political flag raised high--and I think that is important--but we can't afford 5,600 troops in Kosovo. If my memory serves me--and I have been here longer than one of the other three Members on the Senate floor. The only person I have been here longer than is Senator Warner, but he has more experience. The other two Members I haven't been here longer than. I don't ever recall, since I have been here, having less than a minimum of 100,000 in Europe, and as many as 350,000. I don't remember that. But now we have this dire, urgent need to withdraw 5,600 forces from Kosovo.  Now, my friend from Virginia and my friend from North Carolina, as well as the Senator from West Virginia--but he is on Appropriations--these other two fellows spend a lot of time on the military side of the equation, and Armed Services in particular. If I am not mistaken, we spent some time in Europe fretting over what the Europeans mean by ESDI, European Security and Defense Initiative. That is something the French have been pushing a long time. They don't like the fact we are a European power. They don't like that idea. So they got this idea they were going to have this independent force--an independent force, separate from NATO. We got them to cool their jets a little bit and say what this really means is they get all that independent force with no Americans. That independent force would only be engaged in missions NATO first refused to be engaged in. But everybody knows that it is a harbinger for diminishing the power and the political efficacy of NATO.  I want to ask a rhetorical question. You know, in those movies when Clint Eastwood said, ``Go ahead, make my day''--we are about to make their day for the French. We are about to make France's day. Can you hear the discussion now if we vote this amendment: I told you the United States is not reliable. I told you we need our own European defense system. I told you about NATO. Can't you hear it? Maybe I have been to too many conferences with my French friends. Can anybody stand up and say that if we pass this amendment, we are not making it exponentially more difficult for us to deal with ESDI? Come on. Come on. Does anybody think that?  By the way, some of our friends--and they are obviously extremely bright, competent Senators who truly--and I am not speaking of anybody on the floor--believe NATO's day is past and it no longer has any utility, and that we should disengage. In fact, the fellow I ran against a while ago for the Senate came to call me the ``Senator from Europe'' because I supported NATO. I thought it was very important that we stay involved in NATO. I respect the view. I disagree with it, but I respect the view.  But those of you who say you think NATO is important, I respectfully suggest to you that if Byrd-Warner becomes the law, we will have done more in two small paragraphs to damage the coherence of NATO than anything we have done since 1950. I truly believe that. I absolutely truly believe that. Obviously, I may be wrong, but I honest to goodness believe that.  Right now there are reports coming out of Serbia. By the way, before I say that, I came here at a time when the Vietnam war was in its final painful throes, in 1973. I used to resent it when people would say, when I opposed the war, that we were giving comfort to Ho Chi Minh. I am not suggesting anybody is intentionally or unintentionally giving anybody comfort. I want to state what I think to be the fact. Milosevic is tightening his grip now in Serbia, cutting off the alternative press available to the Serbs, cracking down on it--for example, last night, his goons occupied a station, Studio B2-92, and padlocked the doors of the other independent outlets and media offices and shut them down. An opposition leader declared the Milosevic government had imposed an informal state of emergency.  Now, why do you think he is doing that? I think he is doing that because he is desperate, because the hourglass is filling up from the bottom. He knows he doesn't have much time left. One of the reasons why he has reacted the way we wanted him to every time--that is, by backing off--is he has been convinced of our resolve. I suggest that the reason he finally capitulated at the end of that war is we started to move forces in place for deployment in Macedonia. He wasn't sure if we were going to invade and use land troops. I think most who studied that would acknowledge that is an overwhelming possibility. Now what does he do? Here he is in his last gasp, and we have gone on record saying we will pull out of Kosovo by midsummer next year. We affirmatively state that--not that we will have to have a vote next summer, or that we should consider it, but that we are out--unless we vote to stay in.  Now, say you are an opposition leader in Serbia; or you are sitting in Montenegro, which Milosevic has been leering at for the past 9 months; does that embolden you? My European colleagues will not like what I am about to say. But I have traveled the Balkan region on seven occasions. I met with every President of every frontline state, as many of us have. Does anybody know any leader in that region who is willing to place his fate in the hands of the Europeans? Can you name me one--a single solitary person who is in opposition to Milosevic, any democrat from Romania to Albania, from Bulgaria to Montenegro, who is willing?  Would I tell them: The United States is out, but don't worry, you have the French and the Germans to rely on; don't worry, they will be there? Can anybody stand up on this floor and say that you know a single leader who would say that?  I know there are certain things you shouldn't say. That is one, apparently. I will be reminded of this by my French friends and my British friends and others. But I think we have to be realistic. Everybody knows that if we are out, the game is up. That may not be fair. We shouldn't have to carry that much of a load, maybe. But they are the facts of life, and they are the facts of history.  Does anybody here believe Europe has achieved political maturation where they are going to solve their problems without the catalyst of the United States? What have we said all along? We have said: Look, as long as we are not carrying a disproportionate share, we are involved.  I remember going in to see the President when he made his speech about us being involved. He said we should not be responsible for any more than 15 percent of whatever reconstruction, peace, stability, et cetera, in that region requires. We are about 13 percent to 17 percent.  That was kind of the deal we thought we were brokering here. Sure. We provided 85 percent of the air power and 90 percent of leadership.  With this amendment, we would still require a NATO commander heading up the entire operation in Kosovo to be an American while we had no American troops there. I want to be there for that discussion.  I want to be there when we withdraw all American forces from Kosovo and then we tell our European allies abruptly: By the way, we are still in charge. We are the guys. Our general is an American general. He is in charge. He is in charge of NATO in Europe. That is where NATO is. He is in charge. That is a good one. I like that one. That will really help cohesion in NATO.  Heck, we are trying to convince the French that they had better buy an aircraft carrier before they take over the fleet in the Mediterranean. That is a big fight we are now having. The French say: We want a French admiral.  I got in trouble with the French when I said: OK, it is fine by me, if you buy some more ships. They didn't like that.  Can you imagine the argument now with a NATO operation in Kosovo led by an American general with no American troops?  Colleagues, this is not a well conceived plan unless, I respectfully suggest, unless you conclude that NATO is not vital to our interests any longer; unless you conclude that having a beefed up European defense initiative a la the French plan for the last 15 years is a good idea for the United States of America; unless you believe the Europeans can maintain stability in the Balkans, or that stability in the Balkans is not important for stability in Europe.  If you draw those conclusions, this makes sense. But if you say you think NATO is vital for American interests, if you say stability in Europe depends at least in some part upon stability in the Balkans and southern Europe, if you say you want an American in command of NATO forces when we have 100,000 left in Europe, then I don't know how you can reach this conclusion.  That is why I say here what I said at the White House when all of my friends who are sitting here, with one exception, were at that meeting 3 months ago, along with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the National Security Advisor, and the National Security Advisor's team. I will say it again. This is about what you believe is important.  I ask again a rhetorical question. Can anyone paint a picture for me that looks like this: That 5 years from now there is not a reignition of a great ethnic cleansing in the Balkans, that there is increasing stability in economic growth in the region, and that there is becoming an integration of that part of Europe into the rest of Europe--without the United States of America having some portion of the total force structure of NATO being present? Can anybody paint that picture for me?  I will be overwhelmingly delighted if my colleagues prevail and I am wrong, because my fervent hope is, if Senator Levin and I and others do not succeed in striking this language, everything I said is misinformed. That would be my fervent hope and prayer, because I think this has certain-disaster written all over it. I think this is one of the most serious mistakes we can make.  