 I want to thank the minority leader, the Democratic leader, and I guess most of all I want to thank Senator Byrd and Senator Stevens as well.  I have been here for 28 years. I have never once come to the floor to threaten to engage in an extended debate on a matter. I did that this morning in our caucus. I am not suggesting my colleagues responded because I did that. I am suggesting that I believed my colleagues who are on their feet felt extremely strongly about what was about to happen; that is, Amtrak cannot make it through the year 2001 and meet the obligation that has been imposed upon it without being brought up to speed, figuratively and literally, in terms of equipment, track, and the like.  When this proposal that had 56 cosponsors and passed in another vehicle with 60-some votes and with 260-some votes in the House was not going to be included in this omnibus bill, I must tell my colleagues, I was very upset.  In light of the fact that the leadership of the Appropriations Committee of the Senate as a whole and of the Commerce Committee, at least on one side of the Commerce Committee, have indicated to me they will introduce and move rapidly, as best they can, funding for Amtrak--I will not take the time to go into what it all does and what it means--then that is good enough for me. I will withdraw any attempt to delay consideration of this final bill.  Also, I know Senator Moynihan and Senator Lautenberg are leaving. Senator Lautenberg has been Mr. Amtrak. Senator Lautenberg, since he has been here, in large part because of his disposition and in no small part because of the particular position of authority he occupied on the Appropriations Committee, has been--I ride a train every day and people say to me: You know, Joe, thanks for defending Amtrak.  I say: No, don't thank me, call Senator Lautenberg. I literally say that because it is true.  Also on the floor is a Senator who is Mr. Transportation. He has given us all a lesson, as only he can, for the past 18 years on the necessity of Amtrak not merely in the Northeast corridor, but there is no alternative in this Nation to not have a mass transit interstate system.  I want everybody to understand--again, I will put something in the Record; I won't take the time now--this is not just parochially important to the Senators from Delaware, New Jersey, Vermont, Massachusetts, all of whom are on the floor. This is important to Florida; it is important to the Southeast corridor; it is important to Oregon, Washington, Nevada. This is the only alternative we have.  It seems to me, after discussion with the men I have named today--the distinguished Senator from West Virginia, the Senator from Mississippi, the Senator from North Dakota, and others--that we are all singing from the same hymnal now. There seems to be for the first time in my recollection, I say to my friend from New York who is standing, a genuine acknowledgment that there is no transportation scheme in America that will serve America without a major component of it being a rapid transit interstate system for passengers.  I am looking forward to this being the first bipartisan effort next year. I sincerely hope the incoming President will understand our regional needs.  I conclude by saying I thought federalism was about one section of theNation helping other sections of the Nation that, in fact, had needs but needed additional assistance. There would be no water flowing in Arizona were it not for the people of Massachusetts, the people of New York, the people of New Jersey, Delaware, and other States subsidizing that water extensively to the tune of probably somewhere above $16 billion over time, and we should do that.  