 President, before the Senator from Connecticut leaves the floor, I wish to thank him and acknowledge all the work he has done over the past year or more on this issue. He has, in a sense, exercised some forbearance in the past when he thought it might have been more appropriate to make a stronger move, but because of circumstances within Russia and our bilateral relations and the hope--not expectation--that there may be a way to get this done, he has cooperated. I think everybody should understand the reason this issue has stayed so much on the forefront is because of his vigilance and his effort. I thank him for that. I thank him as well, along with other colleagues, for entertaining some of the changes that Senator Levin proposed. I think this is a much better bill. I agree with him; I think enough time has passed to demonstrate that this may be the only course left open, and hopefully it will work.  In a strange sense, the Senator and I have had occasion separately and individually, as the Presiding Officer has, to meet with members of the Russian Duma, members of the Russian Government, and members of the leadership of the various Arab states. I find it counterintuitive that they don't understand, quite frankly, that what is happening in Iran and their quest for this missile technology is literally a greater threat to them than it is to us. It is no greater threat to anyone than Israel; nonetheless, it is an incredibly significant threat to our friends in Europe, as well as our Arab friends. What is going on in North Korea is a threat to China and Russia in the long term, not only Japan and South Korea. What is going on in Iraq is a greater threat to our French friends--who seem to support Iraq against their own interests--than it is to us.  I am wondering when reason will take hold. I am a little bit dismayed, and more than a little bit miffed, by the ability of our friends, as well as those who are not viewed as our close friends, to dismiss reality. What do they think? If Russia is worried about the radicalization of the Moslem populations within the former Soviet Union, the Trans-Caucasus, and other places, why in the devil do they not understand that what is going on in Iraq, as well as in Iran--if it does not take a drastic change in course--is inimical to their interests? Ironically, the second largest former Communist state--the former Soviet Union--seems to be the ultimate capitalist in this regard; but they can't add very well. This is, I think, more about money than anything else. Hopefully, as I will lay out in my statement--and I don't want to delay the Senator any longer--they will see the virtues of looking to the West and not to Iran and Iraq for the source of their economic survival. At any rate, I thank the Senator very much for his leadership.  