 President, I rise to offer an amendment that addresses a problem that I have seen directly impact the moral and readiness of units at the base I am most familiar with, Dover Air Force Base. First, I want to thank the committee for all of its hard work on this issue and for accepting this amendment. Despite the fact that we in Congress have increased the funding levels for spare parts for the past three years, the supply of spare and repair parts for the C-5's at Dover has been inadequate.  What does this mean? It means maintenance crews must work two-to-three times as hard because they have to cannibalize parts from other airplanes. It means planes that should be performing missions are being used for parts so that other planes may fly. It means that planes spend between 250 and 300 days on average in depots, waiting for regular maintenance, modernizations, and part replacements.  At Dover, from 1997 to 1999, an average of 7 to 9 C-5 aircraft were not available because of a lack of parts. This is out of a total fleet at Dover of only 36 aircraft! In addition, the average manhours required for cannibalizations during that period was between 800 and 1,000. Those are additional hours, above what is normally expected to replace a part.  Think of that in terms of a typical 40 hour work week--that's 20 to 25 additional weeks of work! Clearly, our maintenance teams cannot be expected to continue working like this. These are highly skilled professionals who are willing to sacrifice for this nation because they know how important the C-5's mission is to national security. It is absolutely wrong of this nation to continue to ask them to make those sacrifices year in and year out. We must get them the tools, and in this case, the parts, to do their jobs the right way.  In his testimony March 3, 2000 before the Readiness Subcommittee of the Armed Service Committee, Secretary of the Air Force F. Whitten Peters talked about the problem, pointing out that, ``The C-5 related MICAP rate had increased over the last two quarters by 36 percent.'' Just to clarify, MICAP rate is defined by the Secretary ``as the total hours a maintenance technician waits for all the parts that have been ordered to fix an aircraft.''  In that same testimony, the Secretary also said, ``The impact of these additional MICAP hours has been a decline in readiness.''  The problem is not just a Dover problem. On March 7, 2000, Major General Larry D. Northington, the Deputy Assistant Secretary (Budget) for the Air Force testified on the problem of parts shortages throughout the Air Force to Readiness Subcommittee. He pointed out that we must look at all aspects of this problem. ``We must, therefore, expect significant spares investments for along time to come. We also need to understand that mission capable rates are not a product of spares funding alone. It requires dollars, deliveries of the right parts, trained and experienced technicians, and, over time, a sustained effort to upgrade the fleet to achieve higher levels of reliability and maintainability.''  In other words, this is not a problem that can be solved by increased funding alone. We must also look at the entire structure that is supposed to be delivering parts and making sure we have adequate numbers of experienced people to maintain aircraft. In addition, we have to look at long-term modernization.  I am very pleased that this committee has fully supported the three C-5 modernization programs that are critical to improving reliability and maintainability--High Pressure Turbine Replacement, Avionics Modernization Program, and Reliability Enhancement and Re-engining Program.  Already, the High Pressure Turbine replacements that have occurred has meant that engines stay on their wingsat least double the time they had in the past before needing to be removed for maintenance. This is an easy mid-term fix that is already paying for itself. For the longer term, new engines are essential. The Committee authorized full funding for the necessary testing and design to put new engines on the C-5 and to replace antiquated parts that are particularly prone to breaking.  The C-5 engine was one of the first large jet engines ever made. Commercial planes are a good 5 generations of engines beyond the C-5. It is no wonder that there are no longer parts suppliers available. In fact, it can take up to two years to get parts because manufacturers no longer make those parts and so new versions must be created. Two years is not acceptable. With new engines, reliability will increase and operations and maintenance costs will go down. This not only means enhanced readiness, it also means that our military personnel doesn't have to work 20 to 25 extra weeks a year.  In addition, the committee fully supported the Avionics Modernization Program. This program will ensure that C-5's can fly in operationally more efficient airspace under the new Global Air Traffic Management System. In addition, this program improves the safety of aircrews by installing systems like Traffic Collision and Avoidance Systems (TCAS) and enhanced all weather navigation systems. Clearly, as the committee recognized, we cannot justify delaying these important upgrades to the entire C-5 fleet.  Until these modernization programs are completed though, the immediate problem is the day-to-day maintenance needs. Foremost among those needs is that parts be available to keep planes flying and that the cannibalization rates be reduced.  The current situation cannot continue. It daily hurts the morale of our personnel and lowers the readiness of our military force. The C-5 is the long-legged workhorse of our strategic airlift fleet. It carries more cargo and heavier cargo further than any other plane in our inventory. It is what gets our warfighters and their heavy equipment to the fight. It is also what gets humanitarian assistance to needy victims quickly enough to make a difference.  My amendment simply requires the Secretary of the Air Force provide two reports to Congress, one by January 31 and one by September 30 of next year on the exact situation of C-5 parts shortages, what is being done to fix this problem, what the impacts of the problem are for aircraft readiness and reliability ratings, and what the impacts of the problem are for personnel readiness and retention. It is my hope that such a thorough review will allow us to take the necessary steps to fix this problem once and for all. I know that the Air Force is concerned and taking steps to improve the parts shortage problem. I want to make sure that those efforts are comprehensive and that the hardworking men and women at Dover Air Force Base get some relief.  