 President, by now it should come as no secret that I believe that the bill as it stands right now is inadequately funded. The foreign operations appropriation bill is one of the most important pieces of legislation we pass each year. Yet for the past several years Congress has not been devoting the necessary funds to this portion of the budget.  Due in large part to the crucial need for the Colombia supplemental I am going to vote yes on final passage. The Pastrana government urgently and desperately needs these funds to continue its fight against drug lords who are not only undermining the stability and viability of Colombia as a nation, but who are literally killing the people of two nations: Colombians through violence, and Americans through drugs. The government of Colombia deserves our help as they put their lives on the line to stop the production of illegal drugs. I think the outcome of the votes rejecting the Wellstone and Gorton amendments, which would have significantly decreased the amounts available in the supplemental, showed that the majority of my colleagues agree about the severity of the problem in that country and the necessity of U.S. aid.  During the course of this debate, we have been faced with having to make several other untenable decisions. I and my colleagues have had to come to the floor and in essence attempt to get blood from a rock. I believe that we need more money for non-proliferation, anti-terrorism, and de-mining. My colleague Senator Feingold rightly believes that the amount designated for the Mozambique supplemental appropriation needs to be increased.  Senator Boxer has attempted to channel more funds towards combating HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis.  In every instance, each of us has been stymied by the fact that there is not enough money in this bill. It simply isn't there. So we are left with the option of either not attempting to raise the level of appropriations for programs that we think are important, or of using different political maneuvers, none of which is particularly effective, to get the money that we feel these programs need. We should not have to face a choice between helping victims of flooding in Mozambique, and preventing the spread of AIDS. The United States should be able to help with these activities as well as drug eradication and non-proliferation.  I spoke briefly this morning about the shortfall in the NADR accounts, and at length yesterday about Plan Colombia. These are not the only accounts about which I am concerned. Development assistance is shortchanged, funds for voluntary peacekeeping activities fall below requested amounts, and as the Senator from Wisconsin points out, the President's request for resources to aid victims of the flooding in Mozambique is virtually ignored. I will continue to go on record as being adamantly and staunchly opposed to any attempts to undertake diplomacy on the cheap. That is what the Senate is attempting to do here. By neglecting to grant the administration's request for development assistance and economic support, we are robbing ourselves.  According to a report published in April by a nonpartisan research organization called the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, spending on development aid--defined as all international development and humanitarian assistance, as well as economic support fund monies--measured either as a share of the federal budget or as a share of the U.S. economy, will be lower than at any time in the fifty years before 1998. The report further states that out of the countries belonging to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, the United States ranked ``the lowest of all . . . OECD countries examined in the share of national resources devoted to development of poor countries.'' Some would argue that this is because the administration has not asked for enough money. I would answer that constitutionally, Congress controls the purse strings, thus we have only ourselves to blame. I suggest that we make a commitment to takecorrective action, because our foreign assistance programs are vital to our national interests.  Foreign assistance helps us further international peace and security. U.S. citizens and citizens of the world benefit from programs that U.S. assistance pays for. I spoke before about programs aimed at keeping Russian scientists from being employed by states intent on developing nuclear and biological weapons of mass destruction. I am sure that we can all agree that keeping these scientists out of countries such as Iraq makes for a safer world.  When the United States provides assistance to Colombia for crop substitution programs, it is the citizens of the United States who benefit. Less drug production means less drugs on the streets of our neighborhoods. When the United States funds vaccines for infectious diseases such as tuberculosis, we are helping to protect our own citizens from being infected by these illnesses.  Every time United States economic support funds help bolster a new democracy, we widen America's sphere of influence in the hopes of increasing security for the United States. And the preceding represent only a few of the ways in which our foreign assistance aids in promoting our national security. I could go on at length about the positive effects of aid to the Middle East, Russia, and Eastern Europe. Programs in these regions have prevented conflict, helped build economic and financial infrastructure, and combated transnational crime and corruption.  Let me conclude by saying this: our foreign assistance is a preventative tool. The idea behind it is to aid in building a community of like-minded states, states free of internal conflict, states that get along with their neighbors. If we are able to do that, if we are successful with our preventative tools in increasing security, then we will never have to use our corrective tool--that of military action--to achieve security. Think about that. If prevention works, correction is not necessary. Given the sentiments of some Members of this chamber about the commitment of our soldiers overseas, doesn't it make sense to make every effort to prevent our troops from having to deploy?  Some of my colleagues urge frugality in our foreign assistance spending. I agree with the notion that Congress should spend wisely. However I would caution against an approach that is penny-wise and pound foolish. Mr. President, I cannot emphasize this point enough, and it brings back to what I said at the beginning of my remarks: We cannot obtain security on the cheap. By stinting on our foreign assistance programs we are shortchanging our national security.  As the administration indicated in their statement regarding this bill, if the sum appropriated for our foreign operations is not increased, the President will have no choice but to veto this legislation. I sincerely hope that as the fiscal year comes to a close, the allocation for the foreign operations appropriation is significantly increased, and conferees distribute any additional amounts wisely.  I yield the floor.  