 President, I oppose the amendment by the Senator from Tennessee.  Although well-intentioned, the Thompson amendment--the so-called ``China Nonproliferation Act''--is a deeply flawed approach to addressing the proliferation problem.  At the outset, let me stipulate to a couple of points about which the Senator is correct.  First, I fully agree with the Senator that the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction poses a serious threat to our national security. I commend him for his concern, which I know is sincere.  Second, I agree with the Senator's assertion that the People's Republic of China has a poor proliferation track record. China's exports of weapons of mass destruction and the means to deliver them have made the world a more dangerous place.  Unfortunately, our concerns are not all historical. You won't find much argument in this body if the Administration decided today to impose sanctions on China--using existing law--for its continuing export of ballistic missile technology to Pakistan.  The debate isn't about whether China has a clean record in the area of nonproliferation. It does not. Period. No, this debate is about how we get the Chinese and other proliferators to clean up their act. So I ask my colleagues to keep their eyes on the ball.  The question each of us should ask as we evaluate the Thompson amendment is this: At the end of the day, is the Thompson amendment likely to improve U.S. security by reducing the spread of weapons of mass destruction and the means to deliver them?  I believe the answer is no. The legislation offered by Senator Thompson is deeply flawed. Since its introduction, the Thompson amendment has been revised at least three or four times. I give the Senator credit for trying to fix the bill's many flaws. Unfortunately, with each version, this bill has not substantially improved.  In its earliest iteration, at least we knew what this bill was all about. It was all about undercutting the very normal trade relations that we are about to vote to make permanent with China and instead treating China like a virtual enemy.  The likely effect of the original version of the ``China Nonproliferation Act'' was to gut normal trade relations with China, shut down trade in dual-use items, deny China access to our capital markets, end educational and scientific exchanges, and suspend the bilateral dialog on a range of important issues, including counter-narcotics and counter-terrorism.  It was clear-cut. It was unambiguous. And it was unambiguously contrary to the national interest.  The current version of the amendment does not have that coherence. Rather, it is a legislative stew containing an assortment of ingredients, not all of which go together. It has several major flaws.  The first major flaw is that although the sponsors have advertised the amendment as targeting certain rogue states, in fact it also targets American firms and firms located in several western nations.  On its face, the amendment purports to target only those countries highlighted by the Director of Central Intelligence in a seminannual report as ``key suppliers'' of weapons of mass destruction and missile technologies. Those countries, under the most current version of this report, releasedearlier this summer, are China, Russia, and North Korea.  But closer examination of the amendment reveals that it would likely expose some of our closest allies--and even U.S. firms--to scrutiny under this bill.  Let me explain. This is a bit complicated, so I hope colleagues will bear with me.  Under the amendment, the President must submit a report to Congress annually--``identifying every person of a covered country for whom there is credible information indicating that such person'' has transferred dangerous technology to other foreign entities or has diverted U.S. technology in such a way so as to contribute to development of weapons of mass destruction.  A ``covered country'' is a term that is defined in the bill: it is any country identified by the Director of Central Intelligence as a ``source or supply'' of dual-use or other technology in the most current report required under Section 721 of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997. A country is also a ``covered country'' if it was so identified in this report at any time within the previous five years.  Guess what? In 1997, this report by the Director of Central Intelligence specifically named the United States, as well as several Western European nations, including the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Italy, as ``favorite targets of acquisition for foreign weapons of mass destruction programs, especially for dual-use goods not controlled by [certain] multilateral export control regimes.'' That makes those nations a ``source or supply'' of dual-use or other technology under the terms of the Thompson amendment.  So what does this mean?  It means the President will have to report to Congress on any ``credible information'' that the Executive Branch has on either (1) United States firms, or (2) European firms regarding transfers of dangerous technology. Sanctions are unlikely to result against U.S. or European firms, for two reasons.  First, after this report is provided to Congress, the President must then formally determine that the firm has actually engaged in the proliferation activity--not merely that there is credible information that it has.  Second, even if the President makes such a determination, the amendment exempts from the sanctions any nation that is part of a multilateral control regime on proliferation--as the United States and the major Western powers are.  But for the firms named in this original report, the damage will have been done.  First, the companies will surely be subject to negative publicity based on the very low ``credible information'' standard--and suffer financial and other damage that may flow from such publicity. Second, Section 8 of the amendment requires the firm, if its stock is listed on U.S. capital markets, to make this information--that is, the information that they have been cited in the presidential report--available in reports and disclosure statements required under the Securities Exchange Act.  In short, the bill places a ``scarlet letter'' on the reputation of firms--based on information that may later prove to be unfounded.  This is a pretty breathtaking provision--which requires the President to shoot first, and ask questions later.  The second major flaw of the bill is that the amendment is its rigidity. It imposes a one-size-fits-all straitjacket on the President--forcing him to impose numerous sanctions against an offending company, no matter the gravity of the violation, and it requires him to impose the same set of sanctions in every instance.  Under the amendment, if the President determines that a person or firm has engaged in prohibited proliferation activity, then the President must apply five different penalties on such firms--including a ban on military and dual-use exports from the United States to such firms, and a ban on the provision of any U.S. assistance, including any loans, credits, or guarantees to such firms.  This would include Export-Import Bank financing and assistance from the Overseas Private Investment Corporation.  The President has no flexibility to tailor the penalty to fit the crime. He must impose all five punitive measures against the offending person for at least one year--even if the behavior is corrected immediately. He cannot dangle carrots encouraging the firm or nation to clean up its act.  The only flexibility he would have is to invoke a national security waiver. And I doubt such a high waiver will be justifiable in each and every case.  I believe it is extremely unwise to tie the President's hands in this manner.  We are not clairvoyant, and we should give the President flexibility to calibrate his response--and the power to cope with changing circumstances which we cannot foresee.  It is also unwise to impose the same set of penalties on different cases. Should we treat the transfer of an item on Category Two of the Missile Technology Control Regime the less serious of the two categories in that regime--such as telemetry software--the same as a transfer of a complete missile system? Current missile sanctions law permit this sort of differentiation. The Thompson amendment does not.  On Monday the Senator from Tennessee implied that the sanctions under this provision are somehow discretionary--that the President has the flexibility on whether or not to impose sanctions under Section 4 of the amendment. This is simply not true.  Under Section 4 of the amendment, ``if the President determines that a person identified in a report submitted pursuant to section 3 has engaged in an activity described under section (3)(a)(1), the President shall apply to such person'' the sanctions for not less than one year.  In other words, if the President finds that a person engages in a proliferation activity, he must apply the sanctions. He has no discretion--if he sees that the requisite facts exist, he must impose sanctions.  Don't take my word for it.  A few years ago, the Office of Legal Counsel at the Department of Justice interpreted similar language in another non-proliferation law--the Chemical and Biological Weapons Control and Warfare Elimination Act of 1991. It concluded that the President ``has a duty to make determinations, not merely the discretion to do so.'' And once he makes those determinations, then the sanctions under the law are triggered.  So, too in the Thompson amendment. If the President determines that the proliferation action has occurred, then the sanctions must be imposed.  To be sure, the bill allows the President to waive the sanctions. But the act of making the initial determination is not waivable.  The third major flaw is that the bill will undermine the credibility of existing sanctions laws because it has an extremely low burden of proof and does not differentiate serious violations from trivial ones.  Let me explain first how sanctions are triggered in the bill.  Two kinds of behavior are sanctionable: the first is any transfer of technology of any origin by a person of a covered country--and remember, ``covered country'' includes the United States and several European allies--which contributes to the ``design, development, production, or acquisition of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons or ballistic or cruise missiles'' by a foreign person.  The second action that is sanctionable is any contribution to a weapons of mass destruction program made by the diversion of U.S.-origin technology to an unauthorized end-user. Such diversions are sanctionable even if they occur within China or Russia.  The bill penalizes either of these actions--technology transfers or diversion--regardless of whether they are either ``knowing'' or ``material.''  Nearly all of our current proliferation sanctions laws contain these ``knowing'' and ``material'' requirement--they do not attempt to punish transfers that are unintentional or are relatively inconsequential.  For example, Section 73 of the Arms Export Control Act--the existing missile sanctions law--requires sanctions whenever a foreign person ``knowingly'' transfers equipment or technology controlled by the Missile Technology Control Regime, MTCR.  Items controlled by the MTCR meet the test of ``materiality'' because theyinvolve either complete missile systems or significant components of such systems.  The Thompson bill, however, punishes all transfers--regardless of whether the firm intentionally engaged in the prohibited conduct or whether the transfer made any difference to the program of the recipient nation.  The only standard is whether is it ``contributes'' to the ``design, development, production, or acquisition'' of weapons of mass destruction programs. This, potentially, has a very broad sweep.  Does a vehicle supplied by Russia, the United States or a western country and used by the People's Liberation Army to transport goods from one weapons plant to another ``contribute'' to ``production'' of Chinese missiles?  Does cement for a Chinese cruise missile plant ``contribute'' to the ``production'' of such missiles? Does advice from an efficiency expert ``contribute'' to ``production''?  Surely they do ``contribute'' in some way to the production occurring at the facility.  Under the Thompson amendment, all ``contributions''--even these relatively inconsequential examples I just cited--would appear to be treated equally.  If we are going to impose sanctions, we should have a rule of reason--and punish transfers that matter. Do we really want to trigger the vast machinery of sanctions over transfers that are not of serious concern?  Additionally, do we want to trigger a vast array of sanctions if the company did not act intentionally?  The fourth major flaw of the amendment is that it could undermine our proliferation policy by singling out China, Russia, and North Korea.  A law that singles out the worst proliferators might, at first blush, make sense. But it sends an odd message to the world that we care only about proliferation from those countries. Why shouldn't we care just as much about proliferation by Libyan or Syrian firms as by Chinese firms?  To be effective, U.S. sanctions law should be defensible to the world. We can logically explain that proliferation to Iran or Iraq deserves special attention--because of the rogue behavior of those countries. But what is the logic for treating proliferation from China, Russia, and North Korea more seriously than proliferation from other countries?  Moreover, country-specific legislation is unnecessary.  If China, Russia, and North Korea are the worst actors in this area, then any law that applies generally will fall on them disproportionately.  In fact, current proliferation sanctions laws have been used against these three countries more than most others.  The fifth major flaw of the amendment is that it will impose an incredibly burdensome reporting requirement on the intelligence community and the Executive Branch officials responsible for enforcing non-proliferation policy.  The amendment requires that all ``credible information'' about proliferation activity, no matter whether it is proven or not, no matter whether the activity is significant or not, be included as part of a new magnum opus. This low ``credible information" standard is derived from the Iran Nonproliferation Act of 2000. Under this standard, one piece of information from a source deemed to be credible must be reported--even if that evidence later proves to be false.  Congress has yet to receive the first report required under that Act. But we do have some information about the burden it is imposing.  To date, the Intelligence Community has found 8,000 pages of information that is ``credible'' just on chemical and biological weapons and missile proliferation alone.  Many thousands of staff hours will be required to assemble and analyze the information for this report. Does it really make sense to have our government's non-proliferation specialists devoting so much time to assembling yet another report--rather than combating the proliferation danger?  Congress hardly suffers from a lack of information about proliferation. We already require a range of reports on the subject. For example:  Congress receives an annual report on proliferation of missiles and essential components of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons--required since 1991;  Congress receives an annual report on the threat posed to the United States by weapons of mass destruction, ballistic and cruise missiles--required since 1997;  Congress receives an annual report on the efforts of foreign countries to obtain chemical and biological weapons and efforts of foreign persons or governments to assist such programs --required since 1991;  Congress receives an annual report on the transfer of chemical agents and the trade precursor chemicals relevant to chemical weapons--required since 1997 under the Senate resolution consenting to the Chemical Weapons Convention;  Congress receives an annual report on compliance with international arms control agreements, which includes a detailed assessment of adherence of other nations to obligations undertaken in nonproliferation agreements or commitments--required since the mid-1980s.  In addition, Members of Congress have full access to a range of regular intelligence reports on the subject of proliferation.  In sum, we do not need another report that will divert officials in the Executive Branch from the daily business of trying to actually stop proliferation.  Mr. President, I understand the motivation at work here. Proliferation by Russia or China makes me angry too! I would have thought that the limitations of this kind of sledgehammer approach that I have just described would have been made evident by now.  So I remind my colleagues: Keep your eye on the ball! This legislation is not likely to be effective in reducing proliferation by irresponsible actors.  Let me make one final point.  One underlying assumption of the Thompson bill seems to be that there are few non-proliferation statutes on the books. Any such assumption would be false--over the last decade Congress has enacted numerous proliferation laws. Let me highlight a few:  The Chemical and Biological Weapons Control and Warfare Elimination of 1991 contains numerous provisions restricting technology to, or imposing sanctions on, to countries or persons proliferating chemical or biological weapons technology;  The Nuclear Proliferation Prevention Act of 1994 bars U.S. Government procurement in the case of foreign persons who materially contribute to the efforts of individuals or non-nuclear weapons states to acquire nuclear material or nuclear explosive devices, and requires sanctions on financial institutions that finance the acquisition of nuclear material or nuclear explosive devices.  The Foreign Assistance Act bars U.S. foreign assistance to nations that engage in certain proliferation activities;  The Arms Export Control Act provides for sanctions against nations that transfer unsafeguarded nuclear materials or against non-nuclear states which use nuclear devices, including the Glenn Amendment sanctions which were imposed on India and Pakistan in 1998.  The Iran-Iraq Arms Nonproliferation Act of 1992 requires sanctions against persons or countries who knowingly and materially contribute to the efforts by Iran or Iraq to acquire chemical, biological, or nuclear weapons or to acquire destabilizing numbers and types of advanced conventional weapons.  The Export-Import Bank Act bars financing for U.S. exports to any country or person which assists a non-nuclear weapons state to acquire a nuclear device or unsafeguarded special nuclear material.  Finally, a Presidential Executive Order (#12938) requires the Secretary of State to impose certain sanctions against foreign persons who materially contribute or attempt to contribute to the efforts of any foreign country to obtain weapons of mass destruction or a missile capable of delivering such weapons.  In short, it is a delusion to think we have a shortage of laws.  What the senator is complaining about is a failure to use these laws to punish the Chinese and other bad actors. This failure is hardly unique to this Administration.  During President Reagan's term, China provided nuclear know-how to Pakistan and missiles to Saudi Arabia. The United States responded by sellingadvanced conventional weaponry to the People's Liberation Army--torpedoes for its navy, advanced avionics for its air force, and counter-battery artillery radars for its army.  In President Bush's administration, China sold missile technology to Pakistan. The United States responded by briefly imposing sanctions--and then subsequently liberalizing export controls on a wide range of high technology, including the launch of U.S.-made communication satellites by China.  The Clinton Administration has twice sanctioned China for proliferation of missile and chemical technology, but has balked at imposing sanctions in response to China's most recent misdeeds.  The failure of Executive Branch to use sanctions authority occurs in both Republican and Democratic administrations. It is often lamentable. But the appropriate response is not enactment of a severely flawed piece of legislation.  Mr. President, let me sum up.  I understand the Senator's concerns. I agree with him that Chinese proliferation is a serious problem. I disagree with his remedy.  I would be pleased to work with him next year in trying to move serious legislation to fill any gaps that may exist in our proliferation laws through the Committee on Foreign Relations--the committee of jurisdiction.  But I believe that it would be extremely unwise to pass this legislation, as well-intentioned as it is--because I believe it has so many flaws that it is beyond fixing at this late date. This legislation, as currently written, would not succeed, and could seriously harm our non-proliferation efforts.  I urge my colleagues to vote no on the Thompson amendment.  To reiterate, the Senator from New Jersey and the Senator from Tennessee have made some good arguments but on the wrong bill. If you listen to the debate of the proponents, you would assume there is no sanction legislation that exists now relative to China. The irony is that there is significant sanction legislation on the books now.  This quarrel is about two things. Half the people who are for this amendment are against trade with China. The other half of them--I don't mean literally half--are made up of a mix of people, people who are against the bill, the permanent trade relations bill which my senior colleague is managing, and some who are desperately concerned about the prospect of further proliferation by China.  The truth is, what the real fight should be about is why President Bush, President Reagan, and President Clinton have not imposed the laws that are on the books now. We don't need any new sanction laws. We particularly don't need ones that are so desperately flawed as this one, which lowers the threshold so low you can't be certain that, in fact, there is proliferation going on, raises so many questions that we will spend our time litigating this among ourselves more than we will be doing anything about the problem. And further, this is a circumstance where I don't think there is anyone on the floor who would rise up and criticize this administration if they did what I have publicly and privately suggested to them: Impose sanctions now under existing law.  I am sure none of my colleagues would do this but their staffs may. I refer them to the last third of my statement where I laid out in detail how many laws are on the books now which were enacted relative to proliferation: the Chemical and Biological Weapons Control and Warfare Elimination Act, the Nuclear Proliferation Prevention Act of 1994, the Foreign Assistance Act, the Arms Export Control Act, the Iran-Iraq Arms Nonproliferation Act, the Export-Import Bank Act, which bars financing of U.S. exports, the Executive Order No. 12938, which requires the Secretary of State to impose certain sanctions, et cetera. All the laws are there now. They exist.  What this is really about is the unwillingness in the minds of our colleagues, some of our colleagues, for this administration to once again impose sanctions, or the last administration to impose sanctions.  We became fairly cynical around here because of what happened during the terms of the last two Presidents. What was the response to documented proliferation by China, for example, during President Reagan's term; when China provided nuclear know-how to Pakistan and missiles to Saudi Arabia? The U.S. response, under President Reagan, was to sell advanced conventional weaponry to the People's Liberation Army, torpedoes for its navy, advanced avionics for its air force, and counterbattery artillery radars for its army.  In the Bush administration, China sold missile technology to Pakistan. The United States responded by briefly imposing sanctions and then subsequently liberalizing export controls on a wide range of high-technology issues, including the launch of U.S.-made communications satellites by China.  This isn't about whether or not nonproliferation laws exist. It is about whether or not we have the will to impose upon the President the requirement that he enforce the law now.  Why not pass a resolution here and now and say that the Senate goes on record saying, Mr. President, you should impose sanctions on China now? There is enough of a case to do it now. Why not do that, if you are really concerned about sanctions? This goes beyond that.  Everybody knows if this or any other amendment passes attached to this bill, the larger issue of trade with China is dead, for this term anyway.  In the brief time I have remaining, let me jump to another point. My friends talk about this in terms of--and I don't doubt their sincerity--their strategic concerns. They talk about the fact of what is going to happen if China sells technology again; what are we going to do? The implication being, had we acted on this amendment favorably and passed it, then China wouldn't sell any more weapons technology. That is a bit of a tautology. They would sell it whether or not this amendment is here. The question is what retribution we take and in what form we take it.  I ask the rhetorical question to my friends from Tennessee and New Jersey, and others who support this amendment. Right now we are trying very hard to deal with two things in North Korea: the existence of fissile material that is able to make nuclear bombs, and their ability to produce a third stage for their Taepo Dong missile that would allow that missile to reach the United States, although it is problematic whether they could put a nuclear weapon on it even if it had a third stage because of the throw-weight requirements.  So what have we been doing? Former Secretary of Defense Perry, and the last administration as well, have been trying to get the Chinese to use their influence on North Korea not to develop long-range missiles. And what has happened? It is kind of interesting that the first amelioration, the first thawing of the ice came with the Agreed Framework during Perry's tenure. The Agreed Framework made sure that North Korea would not be able to acquire more fissile material for nuclear weapons. They stopped making fissile material. It is working. Surprise, surprise.  The second thing is, because of our intercession with China, at least in part, the Chinese had a little altar call, as we say in the southern part of my State, with the North Koreans. The North Korean leader, the guy we were told was holed up, who is manic depressive, a guy who was supposedly schizophrenic, everything else you hear about him, went to Beijing. He came back. Guess what. He had a public meeting with South Korea. Guess what. He concluded that they would stop testing their missile, the third stage of their missile. He further concluded that there should be some rapprochement with the south.  And lo and behold, Kim Jong-il concluded that he, and the North Koreans, wants American troops in South Korea. Surprise, surprise. Why? They don't want the vacuum filled by an Asian power if we leave. China doesn't want North Korea to have a nuclear capacity. It is not in their interest for that to occur.  Now, somebody tell me how we solve the problem of the proliferation of sophisticated nuclear weapons on the subcontinent of India, including Pakistan and India, as well as China, if we are not engaging China. I don't get this. From a strategic standpoint, I don't get how this is supposed to accomplish the strategic goal because myfriend from Tennessee and my friend from New Jersey parse out and make a clear distinction between the strategic objective of their amendment and the economic objective. They say they have no economic objective. Therefore, they are for free trade.  They don't want to scuttle the trade agreement. They say their interest is in the strategic problem of proliferation. I respectfully suggest that amendment is not going to, in any way, change China's proliferation instincts. What is going to change China's proliferation instincts will be a larger engagement with China on what is in our mutual interests--discussions about strategic doctrine, national missile defense, Japan, Korea, and Taiwan. That will effect relations with China, potentially, in a positive way.  Passing this amendment, as my friend from New York said in another venue when I was with him yesterday, will be the most serious foreign policy mistake we will have made in decades. I share his view. I realize it is well intended. My friend from Tennessee says no one has an answer as to how we are going to stop China. I don't have an answer, but I have a forum in which you do that. It is not in the trade bill. It is engaging them in their mutual interests and ours on the future of North Korea, and engaging them and making it clear to them that it is not in their interest to see India become a nuclear state with multiple nuclear warheads and hundreds, if not thousands, of ICBMs. This isn't the way to do it.  I thank my colleagues. I realize my time is up.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Brownback). Under the previous order, the Senator from Texas, Mrs. Hutchison, is recognized for 5 minutes.  