 President, I am disappointed in this budget resolution, because it endangers our national security.  The budget resolution does so by reducing the President's request for international affairs by over 10 percent. This reduction may appear to be a politically easy way to keep spending down. But mark my words: the reductions assumed by this budget resolution will end up costing us more elsewhere in future budgets.  Literally speaking, our diplomats are on the front lines of our national defense. They are out in force around the capitals of the world, defending and protecting our national interests every day--preventing and mitigating conflicts, fighting drug trafficking, promoting U.S. exports, reducing environmental degradation, and advancing American values and ideals. Most of them live and work under less than ideal circumstances. Many of them live in very dangerous places like Lebanon or Colombia. This budget breaks faith with those people because it will not provide enough money for secure embassies to protect them, and it does provide enough money for critical tools of diplomacy--exchange and assistance programs--that will enable them to adequately perform their missions.  We are deluding ourselves as a nation into thinking that we can remain a great power while continuing to skimp on spending to maintain a robust international presence.  We have made important progress in the past several years in restoring funding for international affairs. Unfortunately, we haven't made enough progress, and the budget remains below historical levels. According to a recent study by the Congressional Research Service prepared at my request, the discretionary budget authority for Function 150 in Fiscal 2000, $22.264 billion in FY 2000 dollars, is 9.3 percent below the average of the past two decades, $24.56 billion. As a percentage of total budget authority, Function 150 funding in FY 2000 is 1.24 percent, nearly one-fifth below the annual average, 1.571 percent, for the past two decades.  Mr. President, I hope that as the budget process moves forward, the leadership on the other side will find a way to accommodate the legitimate needs of our foreign policy and increase the allocations to these accounts. I urge the Chairman to do everything possible in the coming months to work toward to that objective.  