  Maybe what Mr. Putin, who is the Acting President and likely soon to be elected President, it appears--maybe we should send my mom over to see him. My mom had an expression, from the time we were kids, when you would do something against your own interest out of anger, or out of pique, or misunderstanding. My mother would say, ``Don't bite your nose off to spite your face.'' Well, we have a whole lot of Russians seeming to bite their noses off to spite their faces. I find it absolutely astounding what they appear to continue to do.  The bill before us is called the Iran Nonproliferation Act. That is the context in which we should talk about this, and I think we should understand this. The purpose of this bill is not to punish, but rather to restrain. The goal that we pursue is not to invoke sanctions, but rather to make this a safer world for all of us, including the Russians. The means to that end is to make this a world with fewer weapons of mass destruction and with fewer delivery systems able to deliver weapons of mass destruction, notably long-range ballistic missiles.  Long-range ballistic missiles are a curious invention. They are awesome, frankly, but they don't amount to much as a military weapon unless they are armed with a powerful warhead. Now, the sort of long-range missile that Third World countries might build --and that the countries I have mentioned are attempting to build, or have built--those missiles cannot carry big enough warheads to do much damage with a conventional high explosive, a plain old bomb; they are too heavy. The missile is not big enough, powerful enough, does not have enough throw weight to carry conventional weapons. So the irony is that a country which develops or buys long-range ballistic missiles is all too likely, therefore, to seek weapons of mass destruction, such as nuclear warheads that are lighter and have much more--no pun intended --bang for the buck than a conventional weapon, or even potentially a lighter payload, with chemical weapons or biological weapons on top of these missiles. The irony is that as they develop a long-range ballistic missile capacity, they are led inextricably--if they are going to be of any ``value'' militarily--they move toward weapons of mass destruction with which to arm the missiles.  North Korea has been trying to build a nuclear weapon. Iraq has built chemical and biological weapons and is seeking a nuclear capability. They were close to building a nuclear weapon a decade ago. Similarly, Iran has acovert nuclear weapons program. Even the Government of Russia admits that. Iran has also developed and used chemical weapons. Now, again, that is chemical weapons that, based on the missile technology they may have acquired, even if they have a range of 2,000 miles, as my friend from Connecticut indicated, doesn't get them to Washington, DC. It doesn't get them to any U.S. territory. But it does get them to a lot of areas of the world where our friends--in this case, the Russians--can be affected.  We have to stop this as best we can. The world must move toward fewer weapons of mass destruction, not more of them. We have to reduce the number of long-range ballistic missiles in the world, not increase them. Unfortunately, some foreign persons--and I say ``persons'' because that is the legal word in this legislation for officials or entities; by ``entities'' we mean the Russian agency comparable to our space agency, NASA, or the agency in Russia comparable to our Defense Department, or institutes, or companies. In Russia, institutes or companies cannot be separated very clearly from the Government.  Unfortunately, some of these foreign ``persons''--in Russia, China, and North Korea--are deaf to the world's call for nonproliferation and apparently tone deaf to their own interests. The countries or entities are so desperate for cash or so angry at the West that they will risk Armageddon by helping Iran build long-range ballistic missiles or even nuclear weapons.  As ironic as this sounds, this legislation is designed in part to save them from their own destructive impulses. The United States has imposed sanctions at times on entities from all three of these supplier countries. Again, by the ``supplier'' countries I mean North Korea, China, and Russia. The United States has imposed sanctions on entities from these countries and is continuing negotiations with all of these countries to secure an end to their assistance to Iran. While we may hope for success in the months or years to come, however, there has been little success so far.  Today the Senate will vote to make the President list the offending ``persons;'' to increase his powers to impose sanctions against them; and to limit United States support for Russian work on the international space station if any entities under the Russian Aviation and Space Agency continue to assist Iran, which we have reason to believe they have.  It is important to understand that H.R. 1883, which we will shortly pass, is not an anti-Russian bill. Rather, it is simply and overwhelmingly a nonproliferation bill. Both I and the Senate sponsors of this bill would like nothing better than to have this bill result in no sanctions whatever against Russia.  While we try to crack down on entities that assist Iran's long-range ballistic missile programs, we also support nonproliferation of assistance to Russia. We continue to help Russia reduce its unneeded strategic weapons through the Nunn-Lugar program, protect its sensitive nuclear materials, help it find new careers for excess weapon scientists, and improve its export control laws. Those are the laws that are on the books, and should be enforced, which would prevent any agency or company within Russia from transferring usable information to aid and abet Iran in their long-range missile programs.  We are helping Russia in other ways, as well, so this should not be taken in isolation. This is part of a continuum of efforts on our part to deal with the interests of our country as well as Russia. The United States Government, with the support of many in this body, also continues to work with Russia on many other vital issues. We seek continued strategic arms reductions, through the so-called START process. We support the sharing of missile warning data. We are working to preserve the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty, the ABM Treaty, with an amendment that allows for--again, in Russia's interests--a limited ballistic missile defense. Again, we pointed out that North Korea and Iran present a greater danger to them than they do to the United States.  The United States and other Western countries also offer the investment on which Russia's economic development depends. United States companies even buy ballistic missile engines from Russia's top design bureaus. Our American companies are purchasing directly from Russian design entities. We are buying engines that they are producing, from which they are making substantial money. Iran cannot begin to match the power of the United States to sustain and transform Russian industry. In other words, they will make a heck of a lot more money doing the right thing, dealing with the United States and with the Western Europeans and Japan, than they will ever make from selling technology to Iran. I urge Russian leaders to think about that.  I wonder, with all the chaos that is in place in Russia, whether anybody at the top has ever really focused on this. In pure unadulterated dollars and cents, what is in Russia's economic interest is to sell to the West rather than to sell to Iran. If the choice is starkly made, which we are about to do, I hope they will focus more logically on their alternatives.  This bill and the Senate are not anti-Russian, but we are manifestly anti-proliferation. We will not tolerate vicious and venal persons plunging the world into a new cold war, let alone a hot one in which weapons of mass destruction would be a freely traded currency of death. If Russia or China or North Korea should choose the path of proliferation--and they have to some degree already done that--we will show that there are better paths to power and prestige than proliferating ballistic missiles and weapons of mass destruction to Third World countries with unstable regimes. There is still time to stamp out proliferation and to put the world on a more peaceful path, but we must not and we will not collaborate in sowing the seeds of global destruction through proliferation.  It is unfortunate that the Senate action occurs only weeks before next month's Presidential elections in Russia. The need to pass this legislation is not our fault, that is Russia's fault. Some in that country between now and those elections may try to use our action to stir up a nationalistic reaction for their own political purposes in the upcoming Russian election. That would be both unwise and ill founded. It is also unfortunate that the House authors of this bill insisted upon triggering Presidential reporting and possible sanctions based upon a very low standard of evidence. In practice, however, no President will impose sanctions unless he is convinced that wrongdoing has occurred, notwithstanding the fact that the House standard of evidence is too low a threshold.  Finally, I regret that this bill does not permit the President to authorize extraordinary payments for work on the international space station, if those payments should be needed, to protect sensitive intelligence information. Neither does it permit payments to a sanctioned entity if such payments are needed to prevent significant dangers to the crew of the space station. I do not think either of those are wise restrictions, and I hope these concerns can be addressed in conference between the House and Senate.  The important fact is, however, that the Senate action today is a measure not of anti-Russian sentiment, nor of any impulse to bully. Rather, it reflects the depth of our concern and also our frustration over the increasing risk that Russian and other entities will recklessly open Pandora's box, against their own interest as well as ours.  I earnestly hope that in the coming weeks, our President and the newly elected President of Russia can put us back on the track of peaceful cooperation to make this a safer and more prosperous world. That is a real prospect for both countries, if Russia would only accept that its profit and its destiny lies in the West, not in the East.  Perhaps passage of this bill will help to bring about such a reevaluation. If so, then prospects for the new century on which we have just embarked would truly be improved. If not, it puts us on a perilous slope to more proliferation and colder, not warmer, relations.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  