 President, the Kerrey amendment is a sensible proposal that merits bipartisan support.  The Joint Chiefs of Staff decided many years ago under the Bush administration that we could safely go below START I force levels. President Bush signed START II, and the Senate approved it in 1996.  Now the Russian parliament has approved START II. That treaty cannot enter into force yet, due to differences over the ABM Treaty, but both the United States and Russia could usefully go below START I levels.  The Joint Chiefs have consistently opposed the statutory ban on going below START I levels. As General Shelton said to Senator Levin in an answer for the record.       The cold war is over. . . . The Service Chiefs and I feel      it is time to consider options that will reduce our strategic      forces to the levels recommended by the Nuclear Posture      Review. The START I legislative restraints will need to be      removed before we can pursue these options.  The ban that the Kerry amendment would repeal is a hindrance to rational planning and resource allocation. It makes us maintain forces that are not needed, at the expense of more pressing needs. As General Shelton replied to Senator Levin: ``Major costs will be incurred if we remain at START I levels.''  The Warner second-degree amendment would retain this ban for another year-and-a-half, for no good reason.  It would prevent the President of the United States from implementing strategic force reductions that are supported by our military leaders. It would also prevent his successor from implementing such reductions for nearly a year, and from deactivating any of those forces for another 30 days beyond that.  This is not just a slap in the face of our President--although it is surely that. It is also a slap in the face of the likely Republican nominee for President, Governor Bush of Texas.  Two weeks ago, Governor Bush proposed cuts in U.S. forces below the START II level--not just below START I, but below START II. Governor Bush said: ``The premises of Cold War nuclear targeting should no longer dictate the size of our arsenal.''  He may think that the White House is the home of cold war thinking. If the American people should ever elect Governor Bush to be our President, however, he'll find that the cold war is alive and well a couple of miles east of the White House--in his own party.  Governor Bush added, 2 weeks ago:       . . . the United States should be prepared to lead by      example, because it is in our best interest and the best      interest of the world. This would be an act of principled      leadership--a chance to seize the moment and begin a new era      of nuclear security.  Would the Warner amendment allow him to seize the moment? Not for many months.  Imagine our new President negotiating with President Putin of Russia in 2001. Putin says: ``Let's do START III.'' President Bush (or President Gore) replies: ``Heck, my Senate won't even let me go under START I. Come back next year!''  Hamstringing the President in this way is silly, and we all know that. The Joint Chiefs opposed it; the future Republican nominee for President wants to go far beyond it; and the Congressional Medal of Honor winner from Nebraska, whom the Senator from Virginia praised just last night, would never undermine our national security.  Let's stop playing games. Let's defeat the Warner amendment and support the Kerrey amendment.  Mr. President, I will respond to some of what I have heard in today's debate. My dad has an expression: Sometimes what people say is not what they mean, even though when they say it, they think they may mean it. That sounds confusing. I always used to wonder what he meant by that. I think I understand it better now.  The Senator from Virginia has an amendment that, with all due respect to him, is bad logic, bad law, and bad politics. I know him to be a much more informed fellow. I have asked myself why, why does he have this amendment? What is the real reason? I am not suggesting duplicity. I am not suggesting any kind of treachery, but why? Why would you have an amendment that says a President cannot do what a previous President said was proper to do and all the military people then and since then have said we should do? Why would you do this?  It has dawned on me that we are finally getting to the place--I suggest humbly--that I predicted we would get to 18 months ago. We are finally coming out of the closet in the real debate. The real debate is whether there should be arms control any longer or not. I ask unanimous consent to print in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks a piece by Charles Krauthammer on this very point.  