 President, I cannot tell you how pleased I am that the Senate will finally pass the Global AIDS and Tuberculosis Relief Act. HIV/AIDS has been acknowledged as the 21st century's bubonic plague. It is having a devastating impact in Sub-Saharan Africa, destroying the very fabric of African societies. And while Africa is the present day epicenter, there is no guarantee that the disease will not spread throughout the world in a manner that is just as devastating. No corner of the globe is immune.  HIV/AIDS is the only health related issue that has ever been the subject of a meeting of the United Nations Security Council, and the only one that has been the subject of a Security Council Resolution. Why? Because it poses a severe risk to every nation in the international community, but most especially to developing nations which do not have the means to either treat those living with the disease, or to educate those at risk of contracting the disease about how to avoid infection.  I believe that it is past time for the United States to step forward and lead the way in efforts aimed at stopping the spread of the HIV/AIDS. This bill does just that. The funding levels this bill authorizes significantly increase the level of U.S. assistance to combat HIV/AIDS. One of the key elements of this legislation is an authorization for the Secretary of the Treasury to enter into negotiations with the World Bank to create a Trust Fund, the purpose of which is the eradication and prevention of the spread of the virus.  The Trust Fund will allow donations and contributions from governments--the bill authorizes $150 million as the U.S. contribution--as well as the private sector, so that all sectors in society are working together at an international level to address this crisis. It is truly the best way to do so. The statistics are grim. According to UNAIDS, in 1999 alone 5.4 million people were infected with HIV/AIDS, bringing the total to 34.4 million infections world wide. 2.8 million people died of the disease last year. This does not have to be. We know how to prevent the spread of the disease. We have the means to treat the virus and the opportunistic diseases that kill those infected with HIV/AIDS. Millions of lives can be saved through both treatment and prevention. Through cooperation we can be successful. We must challenge other donors to dedicate the necessary resources to achieve our aim.  The bill also authorizes $300 million in bilateral assistance to stop the spread of the disease, and to treat it. While I strongly believe that a multilateral approach must be developed to respond to the HIV/AIDS epidemic, I also believe that the United States should do all it can right now to deliver targeted assistance to specific regions and specific treatment programs. The problem of HIV/AIDS is urgent. Bilateral assistance programs can be funded and programs carried out right away, and they should be.  Assistance is desperately needed, for example, in Africa. The countries in the sub-Saharan region cannot wait for the negotiation of a Would Bank Trust Fund; they must have help now. The news which came out of the International AIDS Conference in Durban was grim. Gross Domestic Product could be cut by as much as 20% due to the impact of HIV/AIDS in some African countries, according to a study released at the conference. African countries are among the poorest in the world. They cannot afford to have their incomes diminished to such a degree. According to the World Bank,       AIDS is now the fourth leading cause of death worldwide and      the leading cause of death in Sub-Saharan Africa. At all      levels, the impact of AIDS in Africa is staggering: At the      regional level, more than 13 million Africans have already      died, and another 23 million are now living with HIV/AIDS.      That is two-thirds of all cases on earth. At the national      level, the 21 countries with the highest HIV prevalence in      the world are in Africa. In Botswana and Zimbabwe, one in      four adults is infected. In at least 10 other African      countries, adult prevalence rates exceed 10 percent. At the      individual level, a child born in Zambia or Zimbabwe today is      more likely than not to die of AIDS at some point in her      lifetime. In many other African countries, the lifetime risk      of dying of AIDS is greater than one in three. The HIV/AIDS      epidemic is not only an unparalleled public health problem      affecting large parts of Sub-Saharan Africa, it is an      unprecedented threat to the region's development. In many      countries, the disease is reversing decades of hard-won      development progress.  We cannot ignore these facts. The time to act is now. The sooner we address this crisis in Africa as well as the rest of the developing world, the better. The directives in this bill represent the best of the current proposals to do so. The World Bank and the Export-Import Bank of the United States both recently announced that they would make funds available for loans to African countries to help them purchase drugs to treat HIV/AIDS. While I welcome any efforts to procure drugs for this purpose, I do not believe that extending more loans to nations currently facing crippling debt burdens will, in the long run, prove to be the most useful strategy. Grants and no strings attached assistance, the aid provided in this bill, are what is needed.  I want to make it clear that this bill represents only the beginning of the United States' commitment to fighting HIV/AIDS. Sustained dedication of resources will be needed to continue the fight, and we in the Senate must ensure that such resources continue to be channeled towards eliminating the threat of HIV/AIDS. This bill is a good first step in our efforts.  