S., not just on the prospects for political reform in China, but also on the impact on our national security. As I discussed during the debate on the Thompson amendment at some length, improving our trade relations with China will help put the overall relationship on a sounder footing. We need to cooperate with China to rein in North Korea's nuclear missile ambitions, to prevent a destabilizing nuclear arms race in South Asia, and to combat the threats of international terrorism and narcotics trafficking. We cannot work effectively with China in these areas if we are treating them as an enemy in our trade relations.  Let me quote General Colin Powell, former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff: ``I think from every standpoint--from the strategic standpoint, from the standpoint of our national interests, from the standpoint of our trading interests and our economic interests--it serves all of our purposes to grant permanent normal trading relations.''  So, with all due respect to my colleagues who have brought before us the images of the worst in China today, we must keep the full picture before us and keep our eye on the ball. China is changing. We must do what we can to encourage those changes.  Can we control that change? Of course not. We know that not even those who currently hold the reins of power in China are confident that they can control the process that is now underway. What little we know of internal debate in China tells us that support for China's entry into the world Trade Organization is far from unanimous there.  It is those who are most closely tied to the repressive, reactionary aspects of the current China who are most opposed to this profound step away from China's Communist past. I urge my colleagues who so rightly and so passionately seek change in China to pause and reflect on that.  While we cannot dictate the future of China, we can--we must--encourage China to follow a course that will make it a more responsible, constructive member of the community of nations.  That is why I am proud of my sponsorship of legislation which created Radio Free Asia, and am pleased that the bill before the Senate includes increased support for the broadcast of independent news and analysis to the people of China. The opening of China--to investment, to trade, to travel, and yes, to foreign news sources--is a necessary ingredient to the process of economic reform and political liberalization.  Some of my colleagues have argued that we must not cast our vote on PNTR simply on the promise of increased commercial opportunities for American corporations. I agree, Indeed, unlike some of my colleagues--on both sides of this question, pro and con--I do not see the question of China's trade status simply in terms of the economic implications for the United States.  I do not anticipate a dramatic explosion in American jobs, suddenly created to fuel a flood of exports to China. Nor do I see the collapse of the American manufacturing economy, as China, a nation with the impact on the world economy about the size of the Netherlands', suddenly becomes our major economic competitor.  Both the opponents and proponents of PNTR, I believe, have vastly oversold the economic impact of this legislation.  For the record, let me say a few things about that aspect of this issue. First and foremost, this vote will not determine China's entry into the WTO. With or without our vote of support here, China will become a member of the only international institution--created by and, yes, strongly influenced by, the advanced industrial economies of the world--in a position to formulate and enforce rules of fairness and openness in international trade.  The issue for us is what role will we play in that process--will we put the United States on record in support of change in China's economic relations with the rest of the world? Will we put the United States on record in support of China's participation in a rules-based system whose basic bylaws will require fundamental changes in the state-owned enterprises, in the People's Liberation Army conglomerates that are the last bastions of the failed Chinese system?  Or will we put ourselves on the sidelines, and on record in favor of the status quo?  Will we accept the deal negotiated between the United States and China last year, in which China made every concession and we made none?  Will we accept the deal which opens China's market to products such as Delaware's chemical and poultry exports, to Chrysler and General Motors exports?  Or will we consign ourselves to the sidelines while other nations cherry-pick Chinese markets and are first out of the gate in building distribution and sales relationships there?  Our course is clear. China's growing participation in the international community over the past quarter century has been marked by growing adherence to international norms in the areas of trade, security, and human rights. If you want to know what China looks like when it is isolated, take a look at the so-called Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution. During those periods of modern Chinese history perhaps 20 million Chinese died of starvation, religious practice was almost stamped out entirely, and China supported Communist insurgents in half a dozen African and East Asian countries.  I will cast my vote today in favor of change, in favor of closing that sad chapter in China's long history.  Mr. President, I will cast my vote with Wang Dan, Dia Qing, Martin Lee, Chen Shui-bian, and the other courageous advocates for political and economic reform in China.  Let us continue to seek change in China, to play our role in the search for a truly modern China.  