 President, I am pleased to join the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Senator Helms, in supporting a resolution regarding Andrei Babitsky, a reporter for Radio Liberty, who has been missing in Russia since January.  Mr. Babitsky is a veteran reporter for Radio Liberty, the U.S.-funded radio broadcasting organization based in Prague. He has reported on Russia for over a decade, and reported on the Russo-Chechen war from 1994 to 1996 and over the past several months.  In mid-January, Mr. Babitsky disappeared in Chechnya. Since then, Russian officials have issued contradictory statements about Mr. Babitsky's whereabouts and well-being. On January 26, a Russian presidential spokesman stated that Babitsky ``left Grozny and then disappeared,'' and that Russian officials had no knowledge of hiswhereabouts. Two days later, Russian authorities acknowledged to officials from Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty that Mr. Babitsky had been detained, but that he would soon be released. Just a few days after that, Russian officials stated that, instead of being released, Mr. Babitsky had been handed to Chechen rebels in exchange for three Russian prisoners of war.  It is now late February. Mr. Babitsky still has not been heard from, and the Russian government has yet to provide a credible accounting of his whereabouts.  The actions and statements of the Government of the Russian Federation are deeply troubling, not only because of what they may mean for Mr. Babitsky's well-being, but for what they may portend about the freedom of the press in Russia today. Mr. Babitsky is a journalist, working for an American-supported news organization. His detention by the Russian authorities, and his reported exchange with the Chechens, violates fundamental norms embodied in the Geneva Conventions and applicable protocols. Equally troubling, the detention and mistreatment of a working journalist is a chilling indication that the Government of the Russian Federation is not committed to a fundamental human right: freedom of the press. These are not just the words of one United States Senator. In Russia itself, a leading journalists' union has stated that the Babitsky case is ``not an isolated episode, but almost a turning point in the struggle for a press that serves society and not the authorities.''  Several weeks ago, the chairman and I wrote to Acting President Putin and urged Mr. Babitsky's release. Several other senators and members of the other body have expressed similar views. Additionally, the Secretary of State has raised this matter with senior Russian officials. In Russia, Europe and the United States, there has been universal condemnation of the Russian Government for its actions in this matter.  Today we have decided to call additional attention to Mr. Babitsky's plight by introducing this sense of the Senate resolution, which criticizes the Government of the Russian Federation for its actions in the Babitsky matter and calls on Moscow to provide a full accounting of his detention.  I hope it will get the attention of the Russian Government. I hope it will help lead to the truth about the whereabouts of Mr. Babitsky. I urge my colleagues to support it.  