 President, I rise in support of Richard Paez' nomination to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. And I must say, this vote is long, long overdue. I have heard a lot of talk here on the floor along the lines of hey--this is politics as usual. ``Oh when Senator Biden was chairman of the Judiciary Committee, we held nominees up all the time.''  Let me say this: forget my tenure as chairman of the Judiciary Committee. As far as I know, no judicial nominee in the history of this nation has waited as long as Judge Paez has for a vote. Four years is not even within the ballpark of a reasonable delay.  Judge Paez is a well-respected, experienced jurist. We already confirmed his nomination to the federal district court bench. He has served with distinction for 6 years on the federal district court and for 13 years before that as a municipal court judge in Los Angeles. The American Bar Association has given Judge Paez its highest rating, pronouncing him ``well qualified.'' Judge Paez enjoys broad bipartisan support in his own community, including from law enforcement officials.  Judge Paez is an honorable man, a man of integrity, and a man who has devoted his entire career to service--first, to service to the poor as a committed poverty lawyer, and then to service to the public at large as a state and then federal judge. His record does the President and his supporters proud.  From what I can tell, listening to the debate on the floor, the opposition to Judge Paez boils down to a few main points. First, to some off-hand remarks that he made about the California initiatives that maybe were ill-advised, but I believe may have been misconstrued--but we have already heard this discussed at length on the floor. I think it is a real shame to judge a man's distinguished 19-year record on the bench on the basis of any single remark.  More importantly, though, opponents cite concerns about the allegedly out-of-whack ninth circuit, which detractors like to call a ``rogue'' court. Aside from the fact that several circuits are reversed as or more often than the ninth circuit, I say this: If you have a problem with the ninth circuit, let's consider whether we should change the ninth circuit. I'm not saying whether we should or that we shouldn't, but there are several proposals out there to restructure the court. Let's debate them.  Why should we punish the millions of people who live in the ninth circuit by depriving them of the judges they need to mete out timely and fair justice? There are six vacancies on the ninth circuit--that is more than 20 percent of the 28 positions authorized for the court. And even more judges are needed to handle that court's heavy case load. All of these vacancies, by the way, are characterized by the Judicial Conference as judicial emergencies.  Let's not take out our differences on the ninth circuit on the people who live there and more importantly for today, let's not take out our differences on this nominee or--for that matter, on Marsha Berzon, another outstanding nominee who we are also voting on today.  The Los Angeles Daily Journal did an in-depth study of the criticisms leveled against Judge Paez and found that they were unfounded. What they concluded was this:       The portrait that emerged is of a thoughtful, unbiased and      even-tempered judge, propelled into the political spotlight,      only to be trapped in a seemingly never-ending and bitterly      polarized nominations process.  Let us end that nominations process for Judge Paez here and now, and let it end with a vote of support.  