 President, I am pleased today to join Senator Daschle and 31 of my colleagues in introducing the Medicare Expansion for Needed Drugs Act. This important legislation would expand the Medicare program to provide outpatient prescription drug coverage for seniors and other Medicare beneficiaries.  This bill is long overdue, one might say 35 years overdue. When Medicare was first crafted in the mid 1960's, life-saving medicine tended to be focused on surgical procedures: appendectomy, mastectomy, and so forth. Medications were being increasingly used to treat serious medical conditions, such as antibiotics to treat infections. However, for most illnesses, the medicine cabinet contained few options.  The advances that have been made in the past 4 decades in the use of pharmaceuticals are nothing short of phenomenal. Diseases that were incurable by any means are now cured by drugs alone. For example, in 1965, childhood leukemia was inevitably fatal. Now, thanks to new medicines, it is almost always curable.  In addition, in many instances new medications have enabled us to avoid the need for surgical treatment altogether. In 1965, intractable pain from stomach ulcers was a common indication for surgery. In 2000, we have highly effective medications to cut down on stomach acid, which have virtually eliminated the need for that kind of surgery. Not only that, but since we have discovered that most stomach ulcers are really due to a bacterium, we can cure the condition entirely with antibiotics.  However, all too often, the elderly and disabled cannot take advantage of these major advances in drug treatment because the Medicare program does not pay for outpatient prescription drugs. How ridiculous is that?: that the group in our society that is the sickest, that could benefit most from these medications, is the one group that is denied access to them.  You would be hard pressed to name another health program in this country that doesn't pay for outpatient prescription drugs. Virtually all private health plans do. Even looking at the Federal government: Medicaid, Tricare, the VA, the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program, they all pay for prescription drugs. Only Medicare, the medical program for the elderly and disabled, is singled out for special limitations.  What is the consequence of this Medicare limitation? Just two weeks ago, the New York Times had a cover story on the plight of Albert Russell, a retiree who lives on an $832 Social Security check. Mr. Russell is nearly blind from glaucoma, a condition in which the pressure inside the eye is too high. When the new drug Xalatan was released in 1996, Mr. Russell's eye doctor tried it and found that it was just what Mr. Russell needed; it reduced the pressure in his eyes better than the alternatives. The problem was the cost of the drug: $1 per day. After several years on the medicine, Mr. Russell could no longer afford the cost, so he had to stop taking the medicine. Of course, Medicare would not pay for such an outpatient prescription drug. In an attempt to save Mr. Russell's vision, his eye doctor recommended an alternative: an expensive eye surgery. For Mr. Russell, the surgery would not be as effective as the medication, but there was one big factor in its favor: Medicare would have no reluctance about paying for the surgery. So, as compared to surgery, the medication would be better and easier for Mr. Russell, and probably cheaper in the long run for the taxpayer, but under the current Medicare situation, this common sense solution is out-of-bounds. This situation must be changed.  So what's in this bill for consumers? The bill makes prescription drug coverage voluntary and available to all Medicare beneficiaries. There is no deductible required, and there is an out-of-pocket cap that puts an absolute maximum limit on how much one person will have to pay for drugs in any given year. Participants pay a monthly premium, and the government splits the cost of drugs 50/50 with the beneficiary (up to a gradually increasing limit). There is absolutely no question that this bill is an important improvement for the health of our seniors.  I think it is important to keep in mind what this bill is not. First, it is not perfect. The coverage for prescription drugs is not in parity with coverage for alternative medical treatments, such as surgery. This difference reflects cost constraints, but I am optimistic that this aspect can be addressed in future legislation.  Second, this bill is not for everyone. Individuals who have better coverage of prescription drugs than is afforded in this bill, perhaps through an employer-sponsored retiree health plan, can keep that coverage. In fact, employers will be offered subsidies to encourage them to maintain prescription drug coverage for their retirees.  Third, this bill is not a prelude to price controls on drugs. The legislation makes no mention of or need for price controls, and it is not our intention to propose or implement price controls. This bill deals primarily with access to pharmaceuticals, not their cost. The high cost of medications is a concern to many of us in this country, but that is a very complex problem that is not, and should not be, addressed in this bill.  Finally, this bill is not the comprehensive overhaul of the Medicare program that we all agree is needed. The 1965 program needs to be brought up to new millennium standards to make it easier for the program to keep up with rapid future advances in medical technology. The benefit package (including enhanced preventive measures), the financing of graduate medical education, the provider payment mechanisms; these are all items that must be addressed. But not in this bill. Seniors need help now with prescription drugs, and they cannot wait the months or years that it will take to complete the needed comprehensive revision of Medicare.  Mr. President, I encourage all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to work together to enact this legislation and to make sure that our Medicare beneficiaries aren't relegated to a second class health care system.  