  Let me rephrase my assertion. The Congress, as of whatever the operative date--and right now the operative date is in July 2001--the Congress does not vote to stay in Kosovo; then the troops must be withdrawn. Now, that is a distinction with a technical, legal difference.  What I respectfully suggest is, it will fall on deaf ears in every European capital. I respectfully suggest, if my friends think it is so dangerous or imprudent for us to be there now, if there is a constitutional requirement for us to have to vote on it, then why are we shirking the responsibility of not voting right now? Because if there is a constitutional responsibility, it is not delayed for a year. It either exists or it does not exist. If it exists, the obligation exists today to vote. And my friends want the next Congress to vote in the year 2001.  It is illogical to suggest, with all due respect, that there is a constitutional requirement for Congress to vote for these troops to stay but we don't have to do it for a year. The implication is, he doesn't have the authority now. So that takes care of the constitutional argument. There is obviously no serious constitutional argument, for if there were, we have to vote now, I assume, unless someone responds to the contrary that I am correct.  Look, folks, thank God that not a single American was killed in the entire war. Thank God, an American hasn't been killed yet, although it is possible. Thank God, there are not 800,000 people displaced and they are back in their homes. Thank God, the ethnic cleansing has stopped.  I ask the rhetorical question, if the Lord Almighty came down and sat in the well and said, ``I promise you all that, if you keep 5,600 troops in Kosovo for the next 10 years, there will be no carnage, there will be no death and destruction of American forces,'' would anybody here say that is too high a price to pay? Would anybody say that? Would anybody vote and say, Lord, no, we are stretched too thin?  I can pick an awful lot of places where I would like to take 5,600 troops out if we are stretched too thin other than Kosovo. Talk about a place where we are doing some good in what we are not allowing to happen! I think this is one heck of a gamble. The logic escapes me. I may be slow. I have not been here as long as some, but I have been here 28 years. I pay a lot of attention to this. I try my best. And the logic escapes me. If there is a constitutional requirement, it exists today. It exists tonight. It existed yesterday. It doesn't automatically click into effect in July of 2001. If we are stretched too thin, if that is the problem, let's pick 5,600 troops from a place where they areserving a function, but none nearly as important as the one they are serving now. And if we expect to be and intend to be a major force in Europe and NATO, let's understand that it will not happen without our participation to the degree of 13 percent of the forces in Europe.  We asked the Europeans to do the lion's share after Milosevic yielded. They are doing the lion's share, on average over 80 percent and as high as 87 percent in the four categories. So if anybody thinks that does not make sense, let us vote now. Can anybody seriously say that the anxiety level, at a minimum, in European capitals, the anxiety level in the frontline states, the anxiety level for our troops, the anxiety level for the total military, is not somewhat heightened by the fact that it will require, no matter how we get to it, an affirmative vote of the Congress in July of next year to have those troops stay?  I will end where I began and reserve the remainder of my time, if I have any. I will end where I began. It seems to me this is a basic, legitimate debate on what is in the naked self-interest of the United States of America. It is a fundamental foreign policy debate. Do you think stability in the Balkans can be maintained without U.S. forces there? If you do not, do you think that stability in the Balkans is necessary for stability in the rest of Europe? If you do not, do you think the United States is negatively impacted by either outcome?  While I strongly support trying to move the supplemental funding needed by our military and the important military construction projects included in this bill, Section 2410 would do damage to Kosovo and to the United States of America, despite the best intentions of its authors.  Section 2410 is premised on an inaccurate understanding of the facts, and then gets worse, as it abdicates U.S. leadership of NATO and gives comfort to Slobodan Milosevic.  There are two aspects to Section 2410. The first would require a joint Congressional resolution authorizing continued deployment of American troops in KFOR after July 1, 2001.  The second aspect would require that the Europeans are meeting certain requirements for burdensharing in Kosovo. If the President could not make that certification by July 15, 2000, then thereafter funds would only be allowed to be used for withdrawal of U.S. forces from Kosovo, unless Congress authorized their continued deployment by joint resolution.  If Congress failed to enact such a joint resolution, no funding could be obligated to continue the deployment of United States military personnel in Kosovo. In that case, the President would be required to submit to Congress, not later than August 15, 2000, a report on a plan for the withdrawal of United States military personnel from Kosovo.  Mr. President, the question of whether Congress must, as a constitutional matter, authorize the deployment of U.S. forces in the Kosovo peacekeeping mission is a close one.  I yield to no Senator in my defense of the constitutional powers of Congress on matters of war and peace. In my view, Congress has not only the power to declare war, but also to authorize all uses of force. I have consistently resisted arguments by Presidents--Democrats and Republicans alike--that the Commander-in-Chief power provides unfettered authority to use force against foreign countries.  In this circumstance, however, I would argue that Congressional authorization for the deployment of U.S. peacekeeping forces in Kosovo is unnecessary.  The deployment of peacekeepers, in a situation such as we now have, is not war, or even a use of force. It falls far short of both. Unlike the deployment of U.S. forces to Lebanon in the early 1980's, there is no significant threat of hostilities from a foreign army or from guerilla forces. Rather, the only threat to U.S. forces comes from a handful of lightly-armed thugs in both the Serbian and ethnic Albanian communities in Kosovo. In that sense, the deployment is truly a peacekeeping or police action.  Undoubtedly, Congress has the power to authorize the deployment to Kosovo--or to set limits on that deployment. Congress could, as the Byrd-Warner amendment clearly contemplates, cut off the funds, or circumscribe the mission of the troops. But merely because Congress has the power to do so, does not mean that it is wise to exercise that power in this circumstance, in this manner.  Mr. President, I would have no objection to a resolution authorizing the deployment of U.S. forces. Let us have that debate. But I do not believe we should do so under the Sword of Damocles, with the threat of a funding cut-off that implies the United States is abandoning its friends and allies in Europe.  Mr. President, as I mentioned earlier, the second aspect of Section 2410 would codify burdensharing with our allies.  The bill would decrease by twenty-five percent the aid contributions by the United States to Kosovo unless the President certified to the Congress that the European Commission, the member states of the European Union, and European members of NATO were meeting certain targets for assistance expenditures and provision of civilian police in Kosovo.  Specifically, the President would have to certify before July 15, 2000 that the Europeans have:  First, obligated or contracted at least thirty-three percent of the amount of the assistance that the aforementioned organizations and countries committed to provide for 1999 and 2000 for reconstruction in Kosovo;  Second, obligated or contracted for at least seventy-five percent of the amount of humanitarian assistance to which they committed for 1999 and 2000;  Third, provided at least seventy-five percent of the amount of assistance to which they committed for the Kosovo Consolidated Budget for 1999 and 2000; and  Fourth, deployed at least seventy-five percent of the number of police, including special police, which they pledged to the United Nations international police force for Kosovo.  Mr. President, because the United States carried the vast majority of the military burden in last year's air campaign against Yugoslavia, it is now the Europeans' turn to provide most of the peacekeepers and the reconstruction money to win the peace in Kosovo.  Our allies agree with this formulation. Furthermore, Mr. President, this is precisely what has already happened, and continues to happen.  Finally--after decades of criticizing and cajoling--we finally have before us an example of successful burden sharing in NATO and the United Nations.  What is the share of the burden that our NATO allies and other countries are currently bearing?  The European Commission has already responded to this proposed legislation by providing a considerable amount of data on assistance programs that it administers. These data show that the European Union meets or surpasses the criteria of the legislation.  Regarding individual countries, the European Commission is in the process of collecting data from the fifteen members states of the European Union, each of which has unique budgeting procedures and fiscal years.  Utilizing data from the United Nations, however, we can already see that, in the aggregate, our European partners are providing the majority of assistance to Kosovo.  If we look at troop strength, our NATO allies have 40,000 troops on the ground in Kosovo. We have 5,600. That is, the United States is providing only thirteen percent of KFOR's troop strength.  If we look at the UNMIK Consolidated Budget, the Europeans and others are right now funding about eighty-seven percent of that. Our part, again, comprises only thirteen percent of the total. So the benchmark laid out in Section 2410 has already been exceeded.  How about the International Police? They are civilian police officers, sent from U.N. member states all over the world, to relieve KFOR troops of non-military, law-and-order functions in Kosovo. That is the plan. We all support it.  Fully eighty-eight percent of the pledges for civilian police for Kosovo have come from outside the U.S., and eighty-seven percent of all police officers pledged have already been deployed.  Now let's look at Reconstruction Funding. Concerning Europe's financial contributions to the reconstruction ofKosovo, Section 2410 focuses on the speed with which it delivers its assistance. When the United States commits funding for large-scale reconstruction initiatives, sometimes the U.S. itself does not hit the benchmark set here--thirty-three percent obligated or contracted--for a year or two.  Last, let's look at Humanitarian Relief. In the spring of this year, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees announced that humanitarian disaster in Kosovo had been averted. The much-feared winter had come and gone. It was time for the international community to switch from a relief role to a reconstruction role.  Nevertheless, Section 2410 insists that the Europeans continue to funnel money into humanitarian relief, when the need is no longer pressing. This is counterproductive micro-managing from thousands of miles away.  Mr. President, the United States is not paying a disproportionate price in the international effort to secure the peace in Kosovo--not in terms of the number of peacekeeping troops, not in terms of the number of civilian police, not in terms of reconstruction and humanitarian aid.  Mr. President, Section 2410 also is inconsistent. It is really a ``heads I win, tails you lose!'' for the Europeans.  The benchmarks in the first part of Section 2410 demand that the Europeans pay more and/or faster and supply the bulk of the troops and police in Kosovo. In the second part, though, the Congress mandates--irrespective of the Europeans' performance on the benchmarks--the enactment of a joint resolution to authorize the continued deployment of U.S. ground combat troops. The message to Europe boils down to this: pay first, and then we'll see.  Aside from these internal contradictions in the legislation, Section 2410 would do serious harm to our geopolitical interests, not only in the Balkans, but in all of Europe. If the mandated burdensharing could not be certified in every detail, the legislation would have one hundred percent of ground troops in Kosovo supplied by NATO allies and other non-American powers, leaving our contribution at zero with one exception: KFOR would remain under the ultimate control of the Supreme Allied Commander Europe, U.S. General Joseph Ralston. That would be quite a deal for us, but one which I doubt that our allies would support for long.  We all know that there are elements in NATO who argue for the need for Europe to have its own ``army,'' independent of NATO. To date, the outline of the European Security and Defense Policy, or ESDP as it is called, has conformed to our wishes. It would only go into action if the alliance as a whole chose not to be involved.  If the U.S. Congress were to compel the President of the United States to unilaterally withdraw all U.S. combat troops from the NATO force in Kosovo, you can rest assured that the Europeans would get the message that the ESDP is the wave of the future, not NATO. I can hear the grumbling all over Western Europe: ``The French are right. We'd better have our own army, because we can't count on the U.S. in NATO any more.''  Do we really want this happen? I don't think so.  Irrespective of these considerations, I would ask the authors of this section whether they really want to allow American military decisions to be made by other countries, in this case the Europeans? That would be an abdication of responsibility that should horrify any Member of this chamber.  Finally, Mr. President, let us consider the dynamic that Section 2410 would set in motion. First of all, let's consider what it would mean in Serbia and Kosovo, on the ground. Make no mistake about it: the result of this bill, unless Section 2410 is eliminated, will be a U.S. withdrawal from Kosovo. What Milosevic could not win on the battlefield, he would be handed by Congressional trepidation.  If the indicted war criminal Milosevic knew that the U.S. Congress was serious about abandoning Kosovo, his temptation to make mischief there would be dramatically increased.  If percentage point differences in contributions made at conference tables would be enough to force the U.S. military out of Kosovo, then imagine what would be the effect of a few U.S. soldiers wounded or killed by Serbian commandos!  Moreover, consideration of this amendment comes at a time of increasing weakness of Milosevic.  Last night his goons occupied television station Studio B and independent radio station B2-92, and padlocked the doors of other independent media offices.  An opposition leader declared that Milosevic's government had ``imposed an informal state of emergency.''  Is this the time that we want to give Milosevic even the slightest bit of comfort?  Does the U.S. military support Section 2410? No. Secretary of Defense Cohen has said so, directly to its authors. Those who might support the amendment in the alleged interest of staving off the ``hollowing out'' of our military readiness should ask of the Department of Defense: is Section 2410 a good idea for the U.S. military overall?  The answer is an unambiguous ``no!'' It would harm--not help--the readiness of our armed forces for the rest of this fiscal year. If the President were unable to certify the meeting of the benchmarks, most of the supplemental funding for the Department of Defense would be unavailable. That would, therefore, mean that the Military Services' accounts for maintenance and operation would not be replenished, since they are currently being used to cover essential costs in Kosovo.  More broadly, the simple fact is that establishing security in the Balkans is squarely in the national interest of the United States. This country has a web of economic, political, security, cultural, and human ties to Europe that is unmatched with any other part of the world. Thanks to the patient, sustained, bipartisan policy of stationing millions of American troops in Western Europe for more than a half-century and through our nuclear guarantee, the western half of the continent was able to democratize, heal old wounds, and eventually prosper.  But, Mr. President, the stability of Western Europe would be severely threatened if war were to re-erupt in the Balkans--as it surely would if Western forces would withdraw. A study by the General Accounting Office released yesterday made that clear.  Last year we got a taste of the massive refugee flows that war would unleash. And some of those refugees would wind up in Western Europe--in fact, many already have.  Mr. President, the United States is the unquestioned leader of NATO, and I believe it must remain the unquestioned leader. I do not think that a leader can lead from the sidelines. To restrict our future participation in KFOR, or SFOR, to providing logistical and intelligence support would indicate to our allies that we were beginning a more general withdrawal from the continent. The symbolism would be unmistakable.  Incidentally, who would try to fill the vacuum left by the departure of American troops from Kosovo?  I urge my colleagues to recall that the Russians desperately wanted their own sector of Kosovo last summer. My guess is that they would have their hand up in an instant to volunteer to replace us.  I do not want this legislation to be the first step in reversing the most successful element in American foreign policy in the last fifty-five years.  Mr. President, Section 2410 is an idea whose time not only has not yet come--it is an idea whose time, I fervently hope, will never come.  We won the war last year, and now our allies are carrying the lion's share of the burden of winning the peace. We are on the right track. To rashly withdraw would invite further aggression by the Serbian dictator and gravely undermine the North Atlantic Alliance, the lynchpin of our trans-Atlantic ties.  Instead of pursuing this self-destructive course, I urge my colleagues to consider the approach taken by my friend from Ohio, Senator Voinovich. His resolution, S.Res. 272, which advocates a coherent strategy for furthering American interests in the Balkans, was passed overwhelmingly by the Foreign Relations Committee last month. It was passed by the full Senate just two weeks ago, on May second.  The Voinovich resolution advocates continued involvement in Kosovo and elsewhere in the Balkans, not the precipitous disengagement called for inSection 2410. It expresses the sense of the Senate that the United States should remain actively engaged in southeastern Europe, continue to oppose Slobodan Milosevic, support the democratic opposition in Serbia, and fully implement the Stability Pact.  This is the course the United States is currently taking, and this is the course we should pursue with renewed vigor in the future.  It will not be an easy struggle; nothing worth accomplishing ever is.  We will not achieve lasting stability in the Balkans overnight--certainly we cannot expect to have achieved it less than a year after the end of the air war.  But rashly to conclude that we should no longer be part of the solution would be totally out of character for the United States of America.  We are the leader of NATO. We are the indispensable factor in the European security architecture.  We dare not sacrifice this position out of momentary frustration and impatience.  So, let's get this straight.  If you believe that stability in the Balkans is not important to the U.S. and our own naked national interest, then vote with my good friends Senators Byrd and Warner.  But, if you think, as I do, that it is virtually impossible to have chaos in the Balkans, affecting, if not engulfing, the likes of Bosnia-Herzegovina, Montenegro, Macedonia, Albania, Romania, Bulgaria, even Greece and Turkey, while simultaneously maintaining stability in the rest of Europe, and at the same time developing a mature relationship with the countries of the former Soviet Union--then, to paraphrase Thomas Jefferson, who said ``If you expect to be both ignorant and free, you are expecting what never was and never will be,'' I say that if you are expecting chaos in the Balkans and stability in the rest of Europe, you are expecting what never was and never will be.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  