 President, on March 18 the people of Taiwan went to the polls and chose their next president through a free and fair multiparty election. The winner of a close three-way race, Chen Shui-bian of the Democratic Progressive Party, will be inaugurated in May.  I had the pleasure of meeting with Mr. Chen in Washington in 1997 when he was the mayor of Taipei. I was impressed by his political smarts and his commitment to building a more democratic and prosperous Taiwan.  I also found him to be genuinely committed to improving relations with the mainland.  I believe that Taiwan's election provides a fresh opportunity for the people of Taiwan and the people of China to reach out and resolve their differences peacefully through dialog on the basis of mutual respect.  I hope that leaders on both sides of the Strait will seize this opportunity and begin to lay the foundation of trust, goodwill, and understanding which must precede true reconciliation.  The inauguration of Chen will end the virtual monopoly of power the Nationalist Party has exercised for most of the past 50 years. This peaceful transition of power at the top of Taiwan's political system will mark the maturation of their democracy, and it is an event worthy of our profound respect and hearty congratulations.  It was only 13 years ago that Taiwan lifted martial law and ushered in a new period of open political discourse and expanded civil liberty. Prior to that, Taiwan's leaders did not tolerate dissent and moved swiftly and sometimes ruthlessly to silence their critics.  Taiwan's president-elect knows this well, because he got his start in politics as a young crusading lawyer working to promote transparency, freedom of speech, and freedom of assembly.  Taiwan's emergence as a genuine multiparty democracy is a significant development in the long history of China. It is all the more remarkable given the fact that China's leaders in Beijing have done their level best to intimidate Taiwan's voters and prevent them from exercising this fundamental right.  I cannot help but wonder how average Chinese on the mainland must view Taiwan's remarkable transformation. On the one hand, the people of China have a deep devotion to national unity and apparently are prepared to use force against Taiwan if it were to declare its independence.  As Zhang Yunling of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in Beijing explained to New York Times correspondent Elisabeth Rosenthal on March 20, ``China was divided when it was weak, and now that it is getting strong again, people's nationalist feeling rises and they feel strongly it is time to reunite the country.''  On the other hand, the people of China are beginning to form their own impressions of Taiwan, no longer content only to listen to the government's official propaganda demonizing the island. Some even admit publicly to a certain grudging admiration for Taiwan's accomplishments and hope their own government will do nothing to precipitate a crisis.  As one 22-year-old Beijing University physics major told Rosenthal, ``I think both sides will have to make adjustments to their policies. After all Taiwan is democratic now, and the people have exercised their right to choose a president.''  Let me read the words of that university student again, ``. . . the people have exercised their right to choose a president.''  In America, we take democratic transitions of power for granted. But in China, and until recently on Taiwan, it was a revolutionary concept. And yet that is precisely what the people of Taiwan did on March 18. They changed their leadership through a peaceful, orderly, democratic process. They did so, by all accounts, because they were frustrated with corruption, cronyism, campaign finance abuses, and bureaucratic inefficiency.  These are all faults that China's communist government has in spades. And with Internet use exploding in China, and with cross-straits commercial ties now in the tens of billions of dollars, there is no way that the people of China will not discover what is happening on Taiwan.  And they may become inspired not only by the island's prosperity, but also by its peaceful democratic revolution. I predict they will begin to ask themselves, ``How come we don't enjoy the same standard of living and the same political rights here on the mainland?''  Taiwan's people are responsible for the island's miraculous transformation from authoritarian rule and poverty to democracy and prosperity. They deserve all of the credit. But the people of the United States have reason to feel a little bit of pride as well.  If Taiwan wins the Oscar for Best Actor, then we at least get a nomination for Best Supporting Actor. The United States commitment to Taiwan's security under the terms of the Taiwan Relations Act helped create the stable environment in which Taiwan has thrived.  The other critical component of cross-Strait stability has been our adherence to a ``One-China'' policy, in which we maintain that disputes between the two sides of the Taiwan Strait must be settled peacefully, and that the future relationship between the People's Republic of China and Taiwan must be determined in accordance with the wishes of the people of China and the people of Taiwan.  Maintaining a peaceful, stable environment in the Taiwan Strait has fostered economic growth throughout East Asia. It has also aided the emergence of democratic societies in the Philippines, Thailand, South Korea, Indonesia, and Taiwan.  In the past decade, more people have come under democratic rule in East Asia than were liberated in Europe by the end of the cold war and the collapse of the Soviet Union. This remarkable accomplishment would not have been possible without United States leadership.  Given all that Taiwan has accomplished in such a short span, I look forward to the future with renewed hope that someday all people of China will enjoy the rights and standard of living enjoyed by those fortunate few who live on Taiwan.  