 President, what a difference a year makes. Last year, I came to the floor and indicated I thought in light of the resistance taking place regarding the Violence Against Women Act and its reauthorization and the Violence Against Women II Act, it would be a tough fight to renew and strengthen the Violence Against Women Act. Thanks tothe help and support of a number of folks in and out of this Senate--from attorneys general in the various States, to police, to victims advocates, doctors, nurses, Governors, women's groups--I am proud to say we finally arrived at a point where the Violence Against Women Act 2000 is on the verge of passing the Senate as part of the sex trafficking conference report.  I thank particularly my good friend from Minnesota. Since he has arrived in the Senate, he has been the single strongest supporter I have had. Along with his wife, who is incredible, she has been the single most significant outside advocate for the Violence Against Women Act in everything that surrounds and involves it.  I dealt him a bit of advice. When I went to a conference on a bill he was working very mightily for, along with our friend and Republican colleague, the sex trafficking bill, which is a very important bill in and of itself--by itself it is important--if we were doing nothing else but passing that legislation that he and Senator Brownback have worked so hard on, it would be a worthy day, a worthy endeavor for the Senate and the U.S. Government.  I realize people watching this on C-SPAN get confused when we use the ``Senate speak.'' We talk of conferences and conference reports and various types of legislation. The bottom line is, I was part of that agreement where we sat down with House Members and Senate Members to talk about the sex trafficking legislation. I didn't surprise him--I told him ahead of time, but I am sure I created some concern--by attempting to add the Violence Against Women Act to that legislation. We ultimately did.  It is the first time in the 28 years I have been in the Senate that I have gone to a conference and added a major piece of legislation in that conference, knowing that it might very well jeopardize the passage of the legislation we were discussing. And it is worthy legislation. I am a cosponsor. I can think of nothing--obviously, you would expect me to say that, being the author of this legislation--I can think of nothing of more consequence to the women of America and the children of America than our continuing the fight--and I am sure my friend from Minnesota agrees with me--regarding violence against women.  I thank Senator Hatch for working so hard with me to pass this legislation. This legislation was not a very popular idea on the other side of the aisle 8 years ago when we wrote this, and 6 years ago when we got close to passing it, and 5 years ago when we passed it. Senator Hatch stood up and led the way on the Republican side. And I thank my Republican colleagues, about 25 of whom--maybe more now--cosponsored it. I attribute that to Senator Hatch's leadership, and I thank him for that.  This legislation is very important. I will try as briefly as I can to state why it is important.  First of all, it reauthorizes the Violence Against Women Act of 1994, referred to as landmark legislation. I believe it is landmark legislation. It is the beginning of the end of the attitude in America that a woman is the possession of a man, that a woman is, in fact, subject to a man's control even if that requires ``physical force.'' This clearly states, and we stated it for the first time on record in 1994, that no man has a right under any circumstance other than self-defense to raise his hand to or to use any physical force against a woman for any reason at all other than self-defense.  One might think: Big deal; we all knew that. No, we didn't all know that. It has begun to shape societal attitudes. What has happened is that we have seen a decline of 21 percent in the violent acts committed by significant others against their spouses and/or girlfriends and/or mate. That is a big deal. What happens if we don't pass this today? The Violence Against Women Act goes out of existence. It is no longer authorized. So this is a big deal, a big, big deal.  No. 2, I promised when I wrote this legislation in 1994 that, after seeing it in operation, I would not be wedded to its continuation if it wasn't working, and that I would propose, along with others, things that would enhance the legislation. That is, places where there were deficiencies we would change the law and places where the law in place was useless or counterproductive, we would eliminate that provision of the law. We have kept that promise.  This legislation does a number of things. It makes improvements in what we call full faith and credit of enforcement orders. Simply stated, that means if a woman in the State of Maryland goes to court and says, ``This man is harassing me,'' or ``He has beaten me,'' or ``He has hurt me,'' and the court says that man must stay away from that woman and cannot get within a quarter mile--or whatever the restriction is--and if he does, he will go to jail, that is a protection order, a stay away order.  What happens in many cases when that woman crosses the line into the State of Delaware or into the State of Pennsylvania or into the District of Columbia and that man follows her, the court in that district does not enforce the stay away order from the other State for a number of reasons: One, they don't have computers that they can access and find out whether there is such an order; two, they are blase about it; or three, they will not give full faith and credit to it.  This creates a development and enhancement of data collection and sharing system to promote tracking and enforcement of these orders. Big deal.  Second, transition housing. This is a change. We have found that we have provided housing for thousands and thousands and thousands of women who have gotten themselves into a dilemma where they are victimized but have no place to go. So we, all of us in the Congress, have provided moneys for building credible and decent and clean shelters, homes for women where they can bring their children.  I might note parenthetically the majority of children who are homeless, on the street, are there because their mothers are the victim of abuse and have no place to go. So they end up on the street. We are rectifying that.  We found out there is a problem. There is a problem because there are more people trying to get into this emergency housing and there is no place for some of these women to go between the emergency housing--and they can't go back to their homes--and having decent housing. So we provide for a transition, some money for transition housing. In the interest of time, I will not go into detail about it.  Third, we change what we call incorporating dating violence into the purposes that this act covers, where there is a pro-arrest policy, where there are child abuse enforcement grants, et cetera. The way the law was written the first time, an unintended consequence of what I did when I wrote the law is, a woman ended up having to have an extended relationship with the man who was victimizing her in order to qualify for these services. That is an oversimplification, but that is the essence. If a woman was a victim of date rape, the first or second time she went out with a man of whom she was a victim, she did not qualify under the law for those purposes. Now that person would qualify.  We also provide legal assistance for victims of domestic violence and sexual harassment. We set aside some of the money in the Violence Against Women Act, hopefully through the trust fund which, hopefully, the Presiding Officer will insist on being part of this. We provide for women getting help through that system. We provide for safe havens for children, pilot programs.  As my friend from Minnesota knows, most of the time when a woman gets shot or killed in a domestic exchange, it is when she is literally dropping off a child at the end of the weekend. That is when the violence occurs. So we provide the ability for the child to be dropped off in a safe place, under supervised care--the father leaves, and then the mother comes and picks the child up and regains custody--because we find simple, little things make big, giant differences in safety for women. This also provides pilot programs relating to visitation and exchange.  We put in protective orders for the protection of disabled women from domestic violence. Also, the role of the court in combating violence against women engages State courts in fighting violence by setting aside funds in one of the grant programs.  And we provided a domestic violence task force. We also provide standards, practices, and training for sexual forensic examinations which we havebeen doing in my State, and other States have done, but nationwide they are not being done. So much loss of potential evidence is found when the woman comes back into court because they did not collect the necessary evidence at the time the abuse took place.  Also, maybe the single most important provision we add to the Violence Against Women Act is the battered immigrant women provision. This strengthens and refines the protections for battered immigrant women in the original act and eliminates the unintended consequence of subsequent charges in immigration law to ensure that abused women living in the United States with immigrant victims are brought to justice and the battered immigrants also escape abuse without being subject to other penalties.  There is much more to say.  We have worked hard together over the past year to produce a strong, bipartisan bill that has gained the overwhelming support of the Senate--with a total of 74 cosponsors. All of my Democratic colleagues are cosponsors, along with 28 of my Republican friends.  Passage of this bill today would not have been possible without the effort and commitment of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, my friend Orrin Hatch, who has dedicated years to addressing the scourge of violence against women.  I also want to take this opportunity to thank our committee's ranking member, Senator Leahy, for his constant support of my efforts to bring this bill to a vote, and my friends in the House, Representatives John Conyers, ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee, and Connie Morella, for their leadership on this important legislation.  The need for this law is as clear today as it was more than a decade ago when I first focused on the problem of domestic violence and sexual assault.  Consider this: In my state of Delaware, I regret to report that more than 30 women and children have been killed in domestic violence-related homicides in the past three years.  No area or income-bracket has escaped this violence. To stop domestic violence beatings from escalating into violent deaths, more than one thousand police officers throughout Delaware--in large cities and small, rural towns alike--have received specialized training to deal with such cases.  Every State in this country now has similar police training, and the Violence Against Women Act is providing the necessary funding.  To ensure these officers collect evidence that will stand up in court, they are being armed with state-of-the-art instant cameras and video cameras.  The Violence Against Women Act is providing the necessary funding for these cameras--nationwide.  The National Domestic Violence Hotline handles 13,000 calls from victims per month and has fielded over half a million calls since its inception. The Violence Against Women Act is providing the necessary funding.  We are also working hard to create an army of attorneys nationwide who have volunteered to provide free legal services to victims--from filing a protection order, to divorce and custody matters. But many, many more women need legal assistance. The Violence Against Women Act of 2000, which is before us today, authorizes and provides the necessary funding to help victims of domestic violence, stalking, and sexual assault obtain legal assistance at little to no cost.  Don't take my word for the need for this legislation. You have heard from folks in your states. Listen to their stories and the programs they've put into place over the past five years since we passed the Violence Against Women Act in 1994--with overwhelming bipartisan support.  Unless we act now--and renew our commitment to stopping violence against women and children--our efforts and successes over the past five years will come to a screeching halt. The Violence Against Women Act expired September 30.  If the funding dries up--make no mistake--the number of domestic violence cases and the number of women killed by their husbands or boyfriends who profess to ``love'' them--will increase.  Domestic violence has been on a steady decline in recent years. U.S. Department of Justice statistics show a 21 percent drop since 1993.  Why?  From Alabama to Alaska--New Hampshire to New Mexico--Michigan to Maine--California to Kentucky--Delaware to Utah--police, prosecutors, judges, victims' advocates, hospitals, corporations, and attorneys are providing a seamless network of ``coordinated response teams'' to provide victims and their children the services they need to escape the violence--and stay alive.  In National City, California, family violence response team counselors go directly to the scenes of domestic violence cases with police.  Violence Against Women Act funds have facilitated changes from simple, common sense reforms--such as standardized police reporting forms to document the abuse . . . to more innovative programs, such as the Tri-State Domestic Violence Project involving North Dakota, Montana, and Wyoming. This project includes getting the word out to everyone from clergy to hairdressers to teachers--anyone who is likely to come into contact with a domestic violence victims--so that they can direct victims to needed housing, legal, and medical services. And the services and protections are offered across State lines.  Such coordinated projects have different names in different States--in Oregon, they have domestic violence intervention teams.  In Vermont they have ``PAVE.'' The Project Against Violent Encounters.  Washington State has developed ``Project SAFER''--which links attorneys with victims at battered women shelters to ``Stop Abuse and Fear by Exercising Rights.''  In Washington, D.C. they formed Women Empowered Against Violence--known as WEAVE--which provides a total package for victims, from legal assistance to counseling to case management through the courts.  Utah has developed the ``CAUSE'' project, or the Coalition of Advocates for Utah Survivors' Empowerment. It is a statewide, nonprofit organization that has created a system of community support for sexual assault survivors.  In Kansas, they've funded a program called ``Circuit Riders,'' who are advocates and attorneys who travel to rural parts of the State to fill the gaps in service.  Different names for these programs but the same funding source and inspiration--the Violence Against Women Act.  Experience with the act has also shown us that we need to strengthen enforcement of protection from abuse orders across state lines.  Candidly, a protection from abuse order is just one part of the solution. A piece of paper will not stop a determined abuser with a fist, knife, or gun.  But look at what states like New York and Georgia are doing to make it easier--and less intimidating--for women to file for a protection from abuse order.  They have implemented a completely confidential system for a victim to file for a protection from abuse order without ever having to walk into a courtroom.  It is all on-line over the internet. After the victim answers a series of questions and describes the abuse, the information is deleted once transmitted to the court--with no information stored electronically.  This project is part of specialized domestic violence courts established in many states--where one judge handles the entire case--from protection orders, to divorce, custody, and probation issues.  The Center for Court Innovation is working with the New York courts to develop customized computer technology that will link the courts, police, probation officers, and social service agencies--so that everyone is on the same page, and knows exactly what's happening with a domestic violence case.  We need to take this technology nationwide. And the Violence Against Women Act of 2000 before us today will provide funding to states for such technology. and not all our solutions are high-tech.  To help victims enforce protection orders, states and cities across this country have teamed up with the cellular phone industry to arm victims with cell phones.  In my state of Delaware, I spearheaded a drive to collect two thousandused cell phones, so that every person with a protection from abuse order can get a cell phone programmed to automatically dial 9-1-1 if the abuser shows up at her house, place of work, at the school yard when she picks up her child, the bus stop or the grocery store.  Commonsense solutions--all sparked by the Violence Against Women Act this body passed overwhelmingly in 1994.  Again, listen to the voices of victims we have helped.  Phyllis Lee from Tennessee says she is alive today thanks to the battered women shelter in Dayton. Without it, she is certain her abusive husband would have killed her with his violent beatings. After enduring 17 years of torturous abuse, including severe beatings to her head and body, rape, and the withholding of needed medical care, Phyllis finally escaped.  After a particularly severe beating, she hid in the woods for 20 hours, paralyzed with fear that her husband would find her. She crawled to a nearby farmhouse and asked for help.  With the help of the woman who lived there, she contacted Battered Women, Inc.--an organization that assists victims of domestic violence. This program, which includes a hotline, counselors, and a shelter, is heavily funded by the Violence Against Women Act. It provided a way out for Phyllis and her children, whose lives were in grave danger.  Battered Women, Inc. also helped Phyllis get her GED and she is now working as an advocate for other battered women. She says that without this program, she never would have known that the option to live without abuse existed.  States with large Indian reservations--such as California and Nevada--have formed Inter-Tribal Councils so that Native American women no longer have to suffer in silence at the hands of their violent abusers. One victim in California writes:       If it were not for the Inter-Tribal Council's efforts, I      would be dead, homeless or living in my car, with my children      hungry.  In California, the Inter-Tribal Council has reached out to Native American communities to establish the ``Stop and Take Responsibility'' program.  First, and foremost, this program is about education--educating Native American men that hitting your spouse is a serious crime, and educating mothers, wives, sisters, and daughters--that no man has a right to lay a hand on them.  This past May, the shooting of Barry Grunnow, an English teacher in Lake Worth, Florida--by a seventh grade honor roll student named Nathaniel Brazil--shocked the nation.  Recently, Lake Worth police released reports showing a history of domestic violence in the Brazil home.  As the Palm Beach Post wrote recently in an editorial--       While violence in the home can hardly be directly blamed      for the tragic shooting . . . this case does demonstrate the      way in which domestic violence affects society at large, how      violence in the home increased the likelihood for violence in      the surrounding community. It is about time that we push for      bipartisan Violence Against Women Act Reauthorization in      Congress to combat domestic violence and its horrible      consequences.  And if any of you doubt the link between children growing up in a home watching their mother get the living hell beat out of her--and that child growing up to be violent as well, consider this recent case two months ago in San Diego.  A prosecutor was in her office, interviewing a mother who was pressing charges against her husband after suffering years of abuse. As the questioning stretched on, the woman's 8-year-old son grew restless.  Just as little kids do--the boy tugged at his mother's sleeve, saying, ``Let's go. I'm hungry . . . can we leave yet.''  He became even more agitated and said: ``Come on, Mom, I want to go.''  Finally, the 8-year-old boy shouted: ``I'm talking to you?'' Then, he curled up his fist and punched her.  Now, where did he learn that?  That prosecutor not only had a victim in her office. She had a future domestic violence abuser.  But states are not giving up on these kids. For example, in Pasco County, Florida the Sheriff's Office has developed a special program just to focus on the children in homes with domestic violence.  It's called KIDS, which stands for Kids in Domestic Situations. The sheriff hired four new detectives, a supervisor, and a clerk. They review every domestic violence call to see if a child lives in the home. They are specially trained to interview that child and get him or her the needed counseling--to break the cycle of violence.  Unfortunately, the abuse does not stop for women once they are divorced--particularly when the father uses the children to continue the harassment. All too often, Kids caught in the crossfire of a divorce and custody battle need safe havens.  One woman in Colorado had to confront her former husband and abuser at her son's soccer games--to exchange custody for the weekend. She had to endure continued mental and emotional abuse, putting herself in physical harms-way. Finally a visitation center opened. Now she drops off her son into the hands of trained staff in a secure environment.  In Hawaii, Violence Against Women Act funding has allowed officials to open three new visitation centers in the island's most rural counties.  The Violence Against Women Act of 2000 adds new funding for safe havens for children to provide supervised visitation and safe visitation exchange in situations involving domestic violence, child abuse, sexual assault, or stalking.  Of course, there are also the battered women's shelters. Over the past five years, every State in this country has received funding to open new and expand existing shelters. Two thousand shelters in this country now benefit from this funding.  In my State of Delaware we have increased the number of shelters from two to five, including one solely for Hispanic women.  For as much as we've done, so much more is needed. Our bipartisan Biden-Hatch bill increases funding for tens of thousands of more shelter beds. It also establishes transitional housing services to help victims move from shelters back into the community.  And let's not forget the plight of battered immigrant women, caught between their desperate desire to flee their abusers and their desperate desire to remain in the United States. A young Mexican woman who married her husband at the age of 16 and moved to the United States suffered years of physical abuse and rape--she was literally locked in her own home like a prisoner. Her husband threatened deportation if she ever told police or left the house. When she finally escaped to the Houston Area Women's Center in Texas, she was near death.  That shelter gave her a safe place to live, and provided her the legal services she needed to become a citizens and get a divorce.  Our bipartisan bill expands upon the protections for battered immigrant women.  Thanks to nurses and emergency room doctors across this country--we have made great strides in helping victims who show up at the emergency room, claiming they ran into a door or fell down the stairs.  The Kentucky General Assembly has made it mandatory for health professionals in emergency rooms to receive three hours of domestic violence training.  The National Hospital Accreditation Board is encouraging all hospitals to follow Kentucky's lead.  The SANE program, sexual assault nurse examiners, are truly angels to victims. They are specially trained to work with police to collect needed evidence in a way that is sensitive and comforting to victims.  The Violence Against Women Act of 2000 facilitates these efforts by ensuring that STOP grants can be used for training on how to conduct rape exams and how to collect, preserve, and analyze the evidence for trial.  Finally, I am very pleased to report, this legislation expands grants under the Violence Against Women Act to states, local governments, tribal governments, and universities to cover violence that arises in dating relationships. Hopefully, this important change will help prevent tragedies like the death of Cassie Diehl, a 17-year-old high school senior from Idaho, killed by a boyfriend who left her for dead after the truck he was driving plunged 400 feet of a mountain road.  What is especially tragic about this story is the great lengths to which Cassie's parents went, before her death,to seek help from local law enforcement agencies and local prosecutors in putting an end to the boyfriend's constant abuse of their child, even seeking a protection order from a judge. All of these efforts failed because Cassie was a teenager involved in an abusive dating relationship. Law enforcement officials believed that because Cassie was a 17-year-old high school student living at home she could not be abused by a boyfriend, that she was not entitled to protection under the law.  The legislation we will vote on today will help avoid future horror stories like Cassie's by providing training for law enforcement officers and prosecutors to better identify and respond to violence that arises in dating relationships and by expanding victim services programs to reach these frequently young victims.  Thanks in part to the landmark law we passed in 1994, violence against women is no longer regarded as a private misfortune, but is recognized as the serious crime and public disgrace that it is. We have made great strides to putting an end to the days when victims are victimized twice--first by their abuser, then by the emergency response and criminal justice systems. We are making headway.  I have given you plenty of examples, but there are hundreds more.  In addition to the battered women's shelters, the STOP grants, the National Domestic Violence Hotline, and other grant programs I have mentioned, the Biden-Hatch Violence Against Women Act of 2000 reauthorizes for five years the Pro-Arrest grants, Rural Domestic Violence and Child Abuse Enforcement grants, campus grants, the rape prevention and education grant program, and three victims of child abuse programs, including the court-appointed special advocate program (CASA).  So, let us act now to pass the Biden-Hatch bill.  There is one thing missing, I must point out, from this legislation. Unfortunately, the conference report does not extend the Violent Crime Reduction Trust Fund that would guarantee the funding for another five years--so that these innovative, effective projects can continue.  I believe that extending the trust fund is critical. Remember, none of this costs a single dime in new taxes. It's all paid for by reducing the federal government by some 300,000 employees. The paycheck that was going to a bureaucrat is now going into the trust fund. So I will continue to work to extend the trust fund to ensure that these programs actually receive the funding we have authorized.  Let me just close by saying that it has been a tough fight over the past 22 months to get my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to focus on the need to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act. But we have finally done it.  I greatly appreciate the support, daily phone calls, letters, and e-mails of so many groups--who are the real reason we have been able to get this done this year. The National Association of Attorneys General, every law enforcement organization, all the many women's groups, the National and 50 individual State Coalitions Against Domestic Violence, the American Medical Association, the National Governors Association, nurses, the list goes on and on--more than 150 groups total.  If you'll allow me one more point of personal privilege, this act--the Violence Against Women Act--is my single greatest legislative accomplishment in my nearly 28 years in the United States Senate.  Why? Because just from the few examples provided above--it's having a real impact in the lives of tens of thousands of women and children. You see it and hear the stories when you're back home.  So let us today pass the bipartisan Biden-Hatch Violence Against Women Act now, and renew our national commitment to end domestic violence.  Mr. President, I am happy now to yield the floor.  