 President, I am pleased to be part of the effort here today--led by Senator Chafee--to put the Senate on record in support of United States' participation in an international program to lift the burden of debt from the poorest countries of the world. That is the HIPC program, named for the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries for which it is intended.  With this amendment the Senate is now on record in support of a simple, but powerful, idea.  Right now, in the poorest countries of the world, desperately needed resources--including both money and some of the best-educated public officials--are used to pay money to the richest industrial economies. That's right--they are sending money to us.  That is happening because, over the years, we and our allies have loaned substantial amounts to those countries, often to pursue our own goals of fighting communism during the Cold War or for other foreign policy purposes. That often meant that we turned a blind eye to the problems in those countries, including how their governments might spend the money, or if they had any hope of repayment.  The perverse result is that, while we seek to promote economic growth and opportunity in the least developed countries of the world, at the same time we continue to collect payments on those debts. At a time when foreign assistance of all kinds is shrinking, we continue to expect these countries to send money to us, most commonly to pay the interest to simply service their debts.  And this is no small problem for these poor countries. Many of them will spend more on just servicing the interest on their debts than they do on childhood immunizations, or education.  That is not just unconscionable, Mr. President, it is bad policy. It defeats many of our best efforts to help those countries turn the corner to more sustainable economic growth and development.  There is so little chance that these countries will ever be able to pay off the principal on these loans that we carry them on our own books at just a few cents on the dollar. That means that it will cost us very little to give a great deal of benefit to these countries.  Those benefits come not just from the lifting of the debt itself. The HIPC program requires that each country that is to receive debt relief must draw up and stick to a plan for social and economic development, reducing poverty and creating sustainable growth.  Banks here in the United States and all around the world know that when there is no chance that a loan will be repaid, you take it off the books.  But the HIPC program is more than just a bookkeeping matter--it is a way of leveraging money that we are unlikely to ever see into essential resources for the neediest countries.  Earlier this year, I made full authorization of the HIPC program my top priority when the Foreign Relations Committee passed its first foreign assistance authorization bill in fifteen years. With the cooperation of Senator Helms, we reached agreement on all of the pieces needed for full U.S. participation in the HIPC program, participation which we have already pledged, along with our partners among the advanced industrial nations.  That legislation authorized full funding, at the levels requested by the Administration earlier this year, as well as the authorization needed from us to permit the International Monetary Fund to dedicate to the debt relief effort the proceeds from a revaluation of their gold holdings.  As it stands, the Foreign Operations Bill before us today cuts the Administration's request of $262 million for debt relief by $187 million--that's a cut of more than 70 percent. That affects both the HIPC program and another priority of mine, the Tropical Forest Protection Act, a debt-for-nature program that was established with strong bi-partisan support.  While this amendment will not change that situation, it does put the Senate on record in favor of changing it, when this process is once again engaged later on in this session.  Whatever disagreements we have about the IMF, the World Bank, or other aspects of foreign assistance, we should all be able to support this program. The HIPC program comes with its own strong program that the poor countries must comply with to be eligible for debt relief.  It stands on its own merits and should not be tangled up in other debates. Given the heavy burdens on these poor countries, relief delayed is relief denied. Every day that debt relief is put off, those obligations continue to sap their limited resources.  This is a program that has the support of a strong, ecumenical, inter-faith effort by the world's major religions. The Pope, the Reverend Billy Graham, and other religious leaders have dedicated their time and effort to making debt relief a reality.  Considering the small and shrinking support we give to the poorest nations, and the importance to us of their economic health and stability, this is an issue where conscience and economic common sense agree.  Again, I want to thank Senator Chafee, Senator Sarbanes, Senator Hagel, and all of our cosponsors, for keeping this issue before us. I am confident that at the end of the day, we will do what is right, and fully fund this worthy program.  Thank you, Mr. President.  