 President, the Senate will soon be considering the Treasury and general government appropriations bill. This is one of the important funding bills we will have to pass this year to keep the Government open and running.  In addition to the Department of the Treasury, this is the bill that provides moneys for the operation of the White House, the Executive Office of the President, and it also provides fundsfor the construction of new courthouses, reflecting the priorities of the administrative offices of the courts. It is this third branch of our Government that I will take a few minutes to talk about.  In 1994, the Senate and the House passed the Violence Against Women Act which President Clinton then signed into law. As the author of that legislation, securing its passage had been my highest priority for three sessions of Congress. The cause of eliminating violence against women remains my highest priority. I have watched the progress of the implementation of my Violence Against Women Act. In that act we included a provision giving anyone who had been the victim of a crime of violence motivated by gender the right to bring a lawsuit seeking damages from the assailant.  On May 15 of this year, in a case called United States v. Morrison, the Supreme Court struck down this provision. The Court said that addressing the problems of violence against women in this way was beyond the constitutional authority of the elected representatives of the United States. Flat out, they said it was an unconstitutional act we engaged in.  In ruling it was beyond the constitutional authority of the Congress, the Court said that it does not matter how great an effect such acts of violence have on interstate commerce. They said gender-based violence could be crippling large segments of our national economy, but, nonetheless, even if that were proven--according to the Court--the Congress is powerless to enact a law to deter such active violence because although we have acted this way under the commerce clause of the Constitution before, the Court ruled violence in and of itself is not commerce.  I believe this is a constitutionally wrong decision. It is true that it does not strike a fatal blow against the struggle to end violence against women in this country. The other parts of the Violence Against Women Act are unaffected by this decision. I am pleased to report that these other provisions, together with changing attitudes in this country, are beginning to make a difference in this struggle in the lives of women who have been victimized.  I have introduced a bill with, now, I think over 60 cosponsors, to enhance the provisions of my Violence Against Women Act so that we can continue to make progress. Nonetheless, the decision in Morrison is a wrongheaded decision. It is not just an isolated error. No, it is part of a growing body of decisions in which this Supreme Court is seizing the power to make important social decisions that, under our constitutional system of government, are properly made by elected representatives who answer to the people, unlike the Court.  I said at the time that the case came down, striking down the provisions of the Violence Against Women Act, that the decision does more damage to our constitutional jurisprudence than it does to the fight against gender-based violence. Since I said that, a number of people have asked me to explain what I mean by that. Today, since we have the time, I am beginning a series of speeches to do just that by placing the Morrison decision in a larger context of what an increasingly out-of-touch Supreme Court has been doing in recent years.  I plan on making two additional speeches on this subject over the next several weeks and months. It is crucial, in my view, that the American people understand the larger pattern of the Supreme Court's recent decisions and, to me, the disturbing direction in which the Supreme Court is moving because the consequences of these cases may well impact upon the ability of American citizens to ask their elected representatives in Congress to help them solve national problems that have national impact.  Many of the Court's decisions are written in the name of protecting prerogatives of the State governments and speak in the time honored language of federalism and States rights. But as my grandmother would say, they have stood federalism on its head. Make no mistake, what is at issue here is the question of power, who wants it, who has it, and who controls it--basically, whether power will be exercised by an insulated judiciary or by the elected representatives of the people.  In our separation of powers doctrine, upon which our Government rests, that power is being wrestled by the Court from the elected representatives, for in every case in which the Court has struck down a Federal statute, it has invalidated a statute that the people of the United States have wanted. As a matter of fact, in many of the cases of statutes that have been struck down, the numerous attorneys general of the various States have sided with the Federal Government in briefs filed with the Court, saying that they supported the decision taken by the Congress and the President.  Let's give the emerging pattern of Supreme Court decisions a name. In a speech I gave before the New Hampshire Supreme Court last year, I referred to this pattern as an emerging pattern of an imperial judiciary. I meant to describe the judiciary that is making decisions and seizing power in areas in which the judgment of elected branches of government ought to be the controlling judgment, not the Court's. With increasing frequency, the Supreme Court is taking over the role of government for itself.  The imperial judging might also be called a kind of judicial activism. ``Judicial activism'' is an overworked expression, one that has often been used by conservatives to criticize liberal judges. Under this Supreme Court, however, the shoe is plainly on the other foot. It is now conservative judges who are supplanting the judgment of the people's representatives and substituting their own for that of the Congress and the President.  This is not just Joe Biden talking. The Violence Against Women Act case came to the Supreme Court through the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, where Judge J. Harvie Wilkinson is the chief judge. Judge Wilkinson has been on many so-called short lists for possible Supreme Court nominees of Governor Bush and is a well recognized conservative. In the opinion he wrote, agreeing that the civil rights remedy in the Violence Against Women Act was unconstitutional, Judge Wilkinson praised the result as an example of ``this century's third and final era of judicial activism.''  He, Judge Wilkinson, acknowledges that the decision represents the ``third and,'' he says, ``final era of judicial activism.'' And he said he hoped this new activism would be enduring presence in our Federal courts.  That was in Brzonkala v. VPI, 169 F.3d 820, 892-893.  Or consider Judge Douglas Ginsburg of the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, another well recognized conservative. Judge Ginsburg has quite explicitly criticized the interpretation of the Constitution that has prevailed through the better part of this entire century and, indeed, throughout most of our country's history, an interpretation which correctly recognizes the broad capacity and competence of the people to govern themselves through their elected officials, not through the court system.  According to Judge Ginsburg, the correct interpretation of the Constitution produces results that severely restrict the power of elected government. He calls the Constitution ``the Constitution in Exile.'' Under that Constitution, the one that he thinks controls, unelected Federal judges would wield enormous power to second-guess legislative bodies on both the State and the Federal levels.  When Judge Ginsburg wrote about these ideas in a magazine article in 1995, he was eagerly awaiting signs that the Supreme Court would begin to embrace his notion of a Constitution in exile. Five short years later, much has changed. As Linda Greenhouse recently put it in a New York Times column, Judge Ginsburg's hopes:       . . . sound decidedly less out of context today than they      did even 5 years ago, just before the court began issuing a      series of decisions reviving a limited vision of federal      power.  By taking a closer look at these series of decisions referred to in the New York Times, the pattern I have been referring to will become quite evident.  The first clear step toward an imperial judiciary was taken in the case called Lopez v. United States, which invalidated a Federal law making it a crime to possess a gun in a school zone. The Supreme Court held that it was not obvious ``to the naked eye'' that the nationwide problem of school violence has a substantial effect on thenational economy and interstate commerce, the predicate we have to show to have jurisdiction under the commerce clause to pass such a law.  In our desire to respond quickly to the epidemic of school violence, which we all talk about here on the floor, we in the Congress did not make findings--that is, we did not have hearings that said ``we find that the following actions have the following impact on commerce''--we did not make findings to relate school violence to interstate commerce. Subsequently, however, we did make such findings and pointed to the voluminous evidence that was before the Congress at the time we passed Senator Kohl's Gun-Free School Zone Act.  Nonetheless, the Court, this new imperial judiciary, ignored our findings and the raft of supporting evidence, and drew its own conclusions. They concluded--the Court concluded--that the threat of school violence to national commerce is not substantial enough to justify a legislative response on the part of those of us elected to the Congress.  The Lopez case startled many people. Numerous law schools sponsored conferences to discuss the meaning of this case. Constitutional scholars debated how great a departure this case signaled from the settled approach to congressional power that has been taken over the 20th century, at least the last two-thirds of the 20th century, by all previous Supreme Courts.  Immediately after the decision, no consensus emerged. Many scholars plausibly concluded that Lopez was, as one put it, just an ``island in the stream,'' a decision that breaks the flow of the river of cases before it, but which will have no lasting effect of any significance on those that follow it.  How wrong he was. It now turns out that if Lopez is an island, it is one the size of Australia. The Court soon followed Lopez by striking down the Religious Freedom and Restoration Act that Senator Hatch and I had worked so hard to craft and the Senate and House passed and the President signed.  In Boerne v. Flores--that is the name of the case that struck down the Religious Freedom Act we passed--the Congress of the United States enacted the Religious Freedom Act in response to an earlier Supreme Court decision.  In 1990, the Court ruled in Employment Decision v. Smith that the constitutional freedom of religion is not offended by a State law that significantly burdens the ability of members of that religion to practice their religion, so long as that law applies across the board, without singling out religious practices of any one denomination in any way.  For example, under the Smith decision, a dry county which prohibits the consumption of all alcohol could prohibit a church from using sacramental wine when they give communion, as they do in my church; I am a Roman Catholic; and they do so in other churches as well.  Smith broke with the prior line of decisions holding that such laws needed to make reasonable accommodations for religion unless the Government had a very good reason for applying the law when it offended someone's sincere religious practices to do so. In other words, unless the Government had an overwhelming reason why in a Catholic Church they could not serve, when they give communion, a sip of wine with the host, prior decisions said you cannot pass a law to stop that.  The overwhelming majority of both Houses of Congress thought the Smith decision was incorrect as a matter of constitutional interpretation and as a matter of policy. We concluded that because section 5 of the 14th amendment authorized the Congress to protect fundamental civil liberties by appropriate legislation, we could enact a statute providing greater protection than the Smith decision did to accepted religious practices.  After extensive hearings under the leadership of Senator Hatch and Senator Kennedy, the so-called RFRA, Religious Freedom and Restoration Act, was drafted to require that the application of neutral laws had to make reasonable accommodation to bona fide religious objections.  The Supreme Court struck down our effort to extend reasonable protections to religious practices. It held that the 14th amendment does not authorize the Congress to confer civil rights by statute or to give judicially recognized rights a greater scope than the Court has set forth.  In the Court's view, the power of section 5 of the 14th amendment gives the Congress the power to ``enforce'' the rights established in that amendment, but it only amounts to a power to provide remedies for the violations of the rights that the Court has recognized--not the Congress, the Court has recognized--not to protect any broader conception of civil rights than the Court has already recognized.  In the Flores case, it was another sign that we are on the road to judicial imperialism. Recognizing the implications of the decision, the Republican majority on the Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on the Constitution in the House held a hearing on the Court's refusal to defer to Congress' factual findings and the policy determinations it based on those findings.  Judicial deference to congressional findings and congressional authority to enforce civil rights are obviously important questions standing alone, but the Supreme Court raised the stakes even higher in two decisions relating to what we call State sovereign immunity. In those cases, Seminole Tribe of Florida v. Florida and Alden v. Maine, the Court declared the Congress may not use its commerce clause powers to abrogate State sovereign immunity.  What this means, translated, is that when Congress acts under its broad power to improve the national economy, a power granted to it by the Constitution, the Congress, in the Court's view, cannot authorize an individual to sue a State even if they are suing over a purely commercial transaction with that State. For example, as the Court held in the Alden case, an employee of a State now cannot sue his or her employer for failing to comply with the Fair Labor Standards Act just because the employer happens to be a State.  If it is a business person, a corporation, and they violate the Fair Labor Standards Act, which we passed to protect all people who work, they can be held accountable under that act. The Supreme Court came along and said: But, Congress, you can't pass a law that holds a State accountable.  The Seminole Tribe and Alden cases highlight the importance of the issue of congressional power under the 14th amendment because the Court continues to recognize that Congress can authorize individuals to sue States if our legislation is authorized by the 14th amendment rather than by the commerce clause.  By limiting Congress' 14th amendment powers, therefore, the Boerne decision, which is the Religious Freedom Act decision, draws into question our capacity to meaningfully protect civil rights at all whenever remedies directly against a State are being considered.  Viewed in its historical context, this is a remarkable development in and of itself. The text of the 14th amendment was drafted immediately after the Civil War, and it grants powers to only one branch of the Government, the only one named in the amendment: the Congress, not the Court. Specifically, the amendment sought to grant the Congress ample power to enforce civil rights against the States. That is what the Civil War was about. That is why the Civil War amendments were passed: to put it in stone. Developments in these recent cases I have cited are in profound tension with the sentiments and concerns of the drafters of the 14th amendment.  Still, after that case, some might continue to say it is not clear where the Court was really headed. It was possible to say in the Flores case that it was simply articulating the standard governing the nature of Congress' power; namely, that it was purely remedial and not substantive.  Because the legislative record was designed to support an exercise of substantive power, that record did not so clearly support the exercise of the remedial power.  On this reading, the Court did not second-guess the congressional findings. It just saw them as answering the wrong question. Subsequent events, however, have confirmed that the Subcommittee on the Constitution had a right to be worried about Boerne because Boerne was much more ominous than that.  In one of the last cases decided in the 1998 term, the Court laid down yet another marker, perhaps the most bolddecision yet in the trend of the Court usurping democratic authority.  In that decision, the Court held unconstitutional a Federal statute, the Patent and Plant Variety Protection Remedy Clarification Act. That act provided a remedy for patent holders against any State that infringes on the patent holder's patent. That was in Florida Prepaid Postsecondary Education Expense Board v. College Savings Bank.  Before enacting this remedial legislation, the Congress had developed a specific legislative record detailing specific cases where States had infringed a federally conferred patent and evidence suggested the possibility of a future increase in the frequency of State infringements of patents held by individuals.  Unlike Lopez, the Patent Protection Act did not lack findings or legislative record. Unlike Boerne, the legislative record demonstrated that the statute was remedial and not substantive. Nonetheless, the Supreme Court decided, independently, that the facts before the Congress, as it, the Court, interpreted them, provided, in the Court's words, ``little support'' for the need for a remedy.  Get this: We, up here, concluded, on the record, that States have, in fact, infringed upon the patents held by individuals. We laid out why we thought--Democrat and Republican, House, Senate, and President--we should protect individuals from that and why we thought the problem would get worse. We set that out in the record when we passed the legislation.  But the Supreme Court comes along and says: We don't think there is a problem. Who are they to determine whether or not there is a problem? It is theirs to determine whether our action is constitutional, not whether or not there is a problem. But they said they found little support for our concern--the concern of 535 elected Members of the Congress and the President of the United States.  The Court was not substituting a constitutional principle here. The Court was substituting its own policy views for those of this body that described the problem of State infringement on Federal patents as being of national import. They concluded it is not that big of a deal.  We need to be clear about what the Court did in the patent remedy case. For a long time, it has been accepted constitutional law that once a piece of legislation has been found to be designed to cover a subject over which the Constitution gives the Congress the power to act--let me say that again--this has been accepted constitutional theory and law that once a piece of legislation has been found to be designed by the Congress to cover a subject over which the Congress has constitutional authority, that it then becomes wholly within the sphere of Congress to decide whether any particular action is wise or is prudent.  This has been constitutional law going all the way back as far as M'Culloch v. Maryland, written by the then-Chief Justice John Marshall, in 1819. There Chief Justice Marshall wrote that the ``government which has the right to act, and has imposed on it the duty of performing that act, must, according to the dictates of reason, be allowed to select the means [by which to act].''  In the patent remedy case, the Court quite clearly usurped the constitutional authority of Congress to select the means it thinks appropriate to remedy a problem that is admittedly within the authority of Congress to address.  In the patent remedy case, the Court did not hold that Congress has exercised a power in an area outside its constitutional authority. Instead, it disagreed with our substantive judgment as to whether the Federal remedy was warranted.  In short, the Court struck down the remedy just because it did not think the remedy was a good idea. Who are they to make that judgment? Talk about judicial activism. The cases I have reviewed today--Lopez, Boerne, Seminole Tribe, Alden, and Florida Prepaid--bring us up to this term just completed by the Supreme Court.  In the next series of speeches, I will show how the trend of judicial imperialism continued, and was extended by several cases decided this past year, including the Violence Against Women Act, which I began with today.  The bottom line here is, in the opinion of many scholars and observers of the Court, we are witnessing the emergence of what I referred to a year ago as the ``imperial judiciary.'' I just discussed five cases leading up to the just completed term.  Now I would like to discuss two significant decisions of this term. I will also begin the task of trying to place these decisions in a broader framework of the Constitution's allocation of responsibility between the elected branches of Government and the judiciary. It is a framework that this ``imperial judiciary'' is disregarding.  Last December, the Court focused its sight on the Age Discrimination in Employment Act. That is the act that protects Americans against discrimination based on age and is amply justified under our Constitution. Not only does it protect the basic civil rights of equal protection and nondiscriminatory treatment--with bipartisan support, I might add--it also promotes the national economy, by ensuring that the labor pool is not artificially limited by mandatory requirements to retire.  So the Congress had ample constitutional authority to enact the Age Discrimination Act. And the Court did not deny that. Nonetheless, the Court, this last term, gutted the enforcement of the act as the act applied to all State government employees.  Building on its earlier decisions in the Seminole Tribe and Alden cases, which I discussed a moment ago, the Court ruled that the Constitution prevents us from authorizing State employees to sue their employers for violation of the Federal Age Discrimination Act. The Court also said, however, that the Constitution does not prevent the Congress from applying the law to the States.  Now, you have to listen to this carefully. In a thoroughly bizarre manner, in my view, the Supreme Court has now held that the Constitution allows the Age Discrimination Act to apply to State employers, but it denies the employees the right to sue the State employers when their rights under the Federal law are violated. We learned in law school that a right without a remedy can hardly be called a right.  As a result of this case, called Kimel v. Florida Board of Regents, over 27,000 State employees in my State of Delaware are left without an effective judicial remedy for a violation of a Federal law that protects them against age discrimination. Across the Nation, nearly 5 million State employees no longer have the full protection of Federal law.  Recall that in the Boerne decision--the case that invalidated the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which I discussed a moment ago--the Court had begun the process of undermining the ability of the Congress under section 5 of the 14th amendment to enact legislation protecting civil rights. In Kimel, they continued that process.  In Kimel, the Court held that Congress' 14th amendment power to enforce civil rights refers only to the enforcement of those rights that the Court itself has declared and not to rights that exist by virtue of valid statutes. Because the Court decided that the Age Discrimination Act goes beyond the general protection the Constitution provides when it says that all citizens are entitled to ``equal protection under the law,'' the Court ruled that the right to sue an employer for violations of the act was not ``appropriate'' and so ruled the act unconstitutional.  After Kimel, the pattern of the imperial judiciary now emerges with some clarity. First, the Court has repudiated over 175 years of nearly unanimous agreement that Congress, not the Court, will decide what constitutes ``necessary and proper'' legislation under any of its, Congress', enumerated powers. Then in a parallel maneuver, the Court has announced that it, not the Congress, will decide what constitutes ``appropriate'' remedial legislation to enforce civil rights and civil liberties.  Let me return for a moment to the Violence Against Women Act, which I began earlier in my speech. Prior to the enactment of the Violence Against Women Act, I held extensive hearings in the Judiciary Committee when I was chairman, compiling voluminous evidence on the pattern of violence against women in America. The massive legislative record Congress generated over a 4-year period of thosehearings supported Congress' explicit findings that gender-motivated violence does substantially and directly affect interstate commerce. How? By preventing a discrete group of Americans, i.e., women, from participating fully in the day-to-day commerce of this country. These are the types of findings, I might add, that were absent when the Congress first enacted the Gun-Free School Zone Act, struck down in the Lopez case.  Let me remind you that Congress, when we enacted the civil rights provision invalidated in Morrison, found:       [C]rimes of violence motivated by gender have a substantial      adverse impact upon interstate commerce by deterring      potential victims of violence from traveling interstate, from      engaging in employment in interstate business, from      transacting with businesses and in places involved in      interstate commerce. Crimes of violence motivated by gender      have a substantial adverse effect on interstate commerce by      diminishing national productivity, increasing medical and      other costs, and decreasing the supply of and the demand for      interstate products . . .  I cannot emphasize enough the seriousness of the toll that we found gender-motivated violence exacts on interstate commerce. Such violence denies women an equal opportunity to compete in the job market, imposing a heavy burden on our national economy.  Witness after witness at the hearing testified that as a result of rape, sexual assault, or domestic abuse, she was fired from, forced to quit, or abandoned her job. As a result of such interference with the ability of women to work, domestic violence was estimated to cost employers billions of dollars annually because of absenteeism in the workplace. Indeed, estimates suggested that we spend between $5 and $10 billion a year on health care, criminal justice, and other social costs merely and totally as a consequence of violence against women in America.  In response to this important national problem, one to which we found the States did not or could not adequately respond, Congress enacted my Violence Against Women Act in 1994, which included provisions authorizing women to sue their attackers in Federal court. This statute reflected the legislative branch's judgment that State laws and practices had failed to provide equal and adequate protection to women victimized by domestic violence and sexual assault and that the lawsuit would provide an adequate means of remedying these deficiencies. This was no knee-jerk response to a problem. Congress specifically found that State and Federal laws failed to ``adequately provide victims of gender-motivated crimes the opportunity to vindicate their interests'' and that:       . . . existing bias and discrimination in the criminal      justice system often deprives victims of crimes of violence      motivated by gender of equal protection of the laws and the      redress to which they are entitled.  The funny thing about these explicit congressional findings and this mountain of data, as Justice Souter in his dissent called it, showing the effects of violence against women on interstate commerce--the funny thing about this is that the Supreme Court acknowledged all of it. They said: We don't challenge that.  This is the new height in their imperial judicial thinking. That is right. The Court acknowledged all of the findings of my committee. In Morrison, the Supreme Court recognized that in contrast to the lack of findings in the legislation on the Gun-Free School Zone case, Lopez, that the civil rights provisions of the Violence Against Women Act were supported by ``numerous factual findings'' about the impact of gender-motivated violence on interstate commerce.  But the Court also acknowledged the failure of the States to address this problem--they acknowledged the States had not addressed it before we did--noting that the assertion that there was a pervasive bias in State justice systems against victims of gender-motivated violence was supported by a ``voluminous congressional record.'' They acknowledged that there was this great impact on interstate commerce. They acknowledged--because I had my staff, over 4 years, survey the laws and the outcomes in all 50 States--that many State courts had a bias against women.  So they acknowledged both those predicates.  Instead of according the deference typically given to congressional factual findings, supported by, as they said, a voluminous record, and without even the pretense of applying what we lawyers call the ``traditional rational basis test''--that is, if the Congress has a rational basis upon which to make its finding, then we are not going to second-guess it; that is what we mean by ``rational basis''--the Court simply thought it knew better.  This marks the first occasion in more than 60 years that the Supreme Court has rejected explicit factual findings by Congress that a given activity substantially affects interstate commerce. The Court justified this abandonment of deference to Congress by declaring that whether a particular activity substantially affects interstate commerce ``is ultimately a judicial rather than a legislative question.''  You got this? For the first time in 60 years, since back in the days of the Lochner era, the Supreme Court has come along and said they acknowledge that the Congress has these voluminous findings that interstate commerce is affected and the States aren't doing anything to deal with this national problem of violence against women; they are not doing sufficiently enough.  There is a bias in their courts. We acknowledge that. But they said, notwithstanding that, the question of whether a specific activity substantially affects interstate commerce ``is ultimately a judicial rather than a legislative question.'' Hang on, here we go back to 1925.  As Justice Souter said in his dissent, this has it exactly backwards, for ``the fact of such a substantial effect is not an issue for the courts in the first instance, but for the Congress, whose institutional capacity for gathering evidence and taking testimony far exceeds ours.''  In short, in a decision that reads more like one written in 1930 than in 2000, the Court held that the judicial, not the legislative, branch of the Government was better suited to making these decisions on behalf of the American people--a conclusion that certainly would have surprised Chief Justice Marshall, the author of the seminal commerce clause decision in Gibbons v. Ogden in the early 1800s.  The judgments that the Congress made in enacting the Violence Against Women Act were, in my view, the correct ones. Even if you disagree with me, though, they were the Congress' judgments to make, not the Court's judgments to make.  When it struck down the Violence Against Women Act, the Court left little doubt that it was acting outside its proper judicial role. They said that the commerce clause did not justify the statute because the act of inflicting violence on women is not a ``commercial'' act. It said that section 5 of the 14th amendment also did not justify this act because creating a cause of action against the private perpetrators of violence is not an ``appropriate'' remedy for the denial of equal protection that occurs when State law enforcement fails vigorously to enforce laws that ought to protect women against such violence.  Over the course of this speech today, I have discussed seven significant decisions since 1995: Lopez, the gun-free school zones case; Boerne against Flores, the Religious Freedom Restoration Act case; Seminole Tribe and Alden, the two decisions prohibiting us from creating judicial enforceable economic rights for State employees; Florida Prepaid, the patent remedy case; Kimel, the Age Discrimination Act case; and finally, Morrison, the Violence Against Women Act case.  None of them deal fatal blows to our ability to address these significant national problems, but they each, in varying degrees, make it much more difficult for us to be able to do so.  There are two even more important points to make about these cases.  First, together, these cases are establishing a pattern of decisions founded on constitutional error--an error that allocates far too much authority to the Federal courts and thereby denies to the elected branches of the Federal Government the legitimate authority vested in it by the Constitution to address national problems.  Second, this is a trend that is fully capable of growing until it does deal telling blows to our ability to address significant national problems. This is not only my assessment; it is shared, for example, by Justice John Paul Stevens, who was appointed to the Courtby Gerald Ford. Dissenting in the Kimel case, Justice Stevens has written that ``the kind of judicial activism manifested in [these cases] represents such a radical departure from the proper role of this Court that it should be opposed whenever the opportunity arises.''  That is not Joe Biden speaking; that is a sitting member of the Supreme Court appointed by a Republican President.  It is also shared by Justice David Souter, who was appointed by President Bush. Dissenting in the Lopez case, Justice Souter has written that ``it seems fair to ask whether the step taken by the Court today does anything but portend a return to the untenable jurisprudence from which the Court extricated itself almost 60 years ago.'' He was referring to the Lochner era.  It is shared by Justice Breyer, a Clinton appointee. Dissenting in College Savings Bank v. Florida Prepaid, Justice Breyer has written that the Court's decisions on State sovereign immunity ``threaten the Nation's ability to enact economic legislation needed for the future in much the way Lochner v. New York threatened the Nation's ability to enact social legislation over 90 years ago.''  Significantly, this imperialist trend can continue to grow and flower in two different places. The Supreme Court itself can continue to write more and more aggressive decisions, cutting deeper and deeper into the people's capacity to govern themselves effectively at a national level.  In the short term, perhaps the odds are that this will not occur. Many of the decisions in this pattern have been decided by votes of five Justices to four Justices, and it may be that one or more of the conservative majority has gone about as far as he or she is prepared to go at this time.  In the longer term, however, we can quite reasonably expect two or three appointments to the Court in the next 4 to 8 years, and if those appointments result in replacing moderate conservatives on the Court with activist conservatives, we have every reason to expect that this trend I have outlined for the last 45 minutes would gain momentum.  It can also bloom in the lower courts. This may, to some extent, be by design of the Justices who are taking the lead in the Court today. Certainly, many people have remarked on the proclivity of Justice Scalia to author opinions containing sweeping language that creates new ambiguities in the law and which then often provide a hook on which lower court judges can hang their judicial activism.  Already, opinions have been written by lower court judges overturning the Superfund legislation, challenging the constitutionality of the Endangered Species Act, calling into doubt Federal protection of wetlands, and eviscerating the False Claims Act, among others. Not all of these judicial exercises can be corrected by the Supreme Court, even if it were inclined to do so, because the Court decides only 80 or so cases a year from the entire Federal system.  In concluding, I wish to describe in the most basic terms why the imperialist course upon which the Court has embarked constitutes a danger to our established system of government.  In case after case, the Court has strayed from its job of interpreting the Constitution and has instead begun to second guess the Congress about the wisdom or necessity of enacted laws. Its opinions declare straightforwardly its new approach: The Court determines whether legislation is ``appropriate,'' or whether it is proportional to the problem we have validly sought to address, or whether there is enough reason for us to enact legislation that all agree is within our constitutionally defined legislative power.  If in the Court's view legislation is not appropriate, or proportional, or grounded in a sufficient sense of urgency, it is unconstitutional--even though the subject matter is within Congress' power, and even though Congress made extensive findings to support the measure.  More significant than the invalidation of any specific piece of legislation, this approach annexes to the judiciary vast tracts of what are properly understood as the legislative powers. If allowed to take root, this expanded version of judicial power will undermine the project of the American people, and that project is self-government, as set forth in the Constitution.  To understand the alarm that Justice Stevens, Justice Souter, and others have sounded about the Court's pattern of activism, we must understand the way the Constitution structures the Federal Government and the reasons behind that structure. We must also understand the history and the practice that have made the Constitution's blueprint a reality and provide a scale to measure when the balance of power has gone dangerously awry. These considerations amply support Justice Stevens's assessment of ``a radical departure from the proper role of this Court.''  The Constitution (supplemented by the Declaration of Independence) sets forth the great aspirations and objects of our nation. It does not, however, achieve them. That is the great project of American politics and government: to achieve the country envisioned in those founding documents. The way to meet our aspirations and establish our national identity and our character as a people is through the process of self-government.  The Declaration of Independence proclaims our fundamental commitment to liberty and equality. These commitments are by no means self-executing. The history of our nation is in no small part the history of a people struggling to comprehend these commitments and to put these high ideals into practice.  The Constitution itself was concerned with a more complex function. Whereas the Declaration explained the reasons for splitting from Great Britain, the Constitution was concerned with explaining why the former colonies should remain united as a single nation. It was also concerned with the task of providing a government that could fulfill the promise and purposes of union.  The Framers who arrived in Philadelphia to debate and draft the Constitution were no longer immediately animated by an overbearing and oppressive government. In fact, our first national government, under the Articles of Confederation, was the precise opposite.  The emergency that brought the leading citizens of the North American continent together in Philadelphia that Summer of 1787 was the inability of the national government to act in any effective way. These framers saw the vast potential of the new nation with its unparalleled natural and human resources.  They saw as well the danger posed by foreign powers and domestic unrest. They realized too that the Confederation could never act credibly to exploit the nation's potential or to quell domestic and foreign hostilities. As Alexander Hamilton put it, ``[w]e may indeed with propriety be said to have reached almost the last stage of national humiliation. There is scarcely anything that can wound the pride or degrade the character of an independent nation which we do not experience.''  Hamilton urged that the nation ratify the Constitution and throw off the ability of the states to constrain the national government: ``Here, my countrymen, impelled by every motive that ought to influence an enlightened people, let us make a firm stand for our safety, our tranquility, our dignity, our reputation. Let us at last break the fatal charm which has too long seduced us from the paths of felicity and prosperity.''  Indeed, Hamilton may have been understating the degree of the crisis. Gouverneur Morris, a leading delegate from Pennsylvania, warned that ``This country must be united. If persuasion does not unite it, the sword will . . . The scenes of horror attending civil commotion cannot be described . . . The stronger party will then make [traitors] of the weaker; and the Gallows & Halter will finish the word of the sword.''  The words of the Constitution's preamble are not idle rhetoric. The founding generation ratified the Constitution in order to establish a government that could decisively and effectively act to ``provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty.'' This is a fundamental constitutional value that must always be brought to bear when construing the Constitution.  Yet, it is precisely this constitutional value that the Supreme Courthas lost sight of. Consider, for example, Justice Kennedy's statement in the case striking down the Line Item Veto Act. ``A nation cannot plunder its own treasury without putting its Constitution and its survival in peril.  The statute before us then is of first importance, for it seems undeniable the Act will tend to restrain persistent excessive spending.'' Who is he to make that judgment? Yet, Justice Kennedy viewed this as completely irrelevant to the statute's constitutionality. He concurred that the Line Item Veto Act violates separation of powers even though there was no obvious textual basis for this conclusion and no apparent threat to any person's liberty.  Justice Kennedy is right about one thing. His statement is premised on the view that the Court is not particularly well-suited to make policy or political judgments. This is accurate and no mere happenstance. The Constitution itself structures the judiciary and the political branches differently by design.  The Judiciary is made independent of political forces. Judges hold life tenure and salaries that cannot be reduced. The purpose of the entire structure of the judiciary is to leave judges free to apply the technical skills of the legal profession to construe and develop the law, within the confines of what can be fairly deemed legal reasoning.  Outside this realm is the realm of policy. Here Congress and the President enjoy the superior place, again by constitutional design. The political branches are tied closely to the people, most obviously through popular elections.  Between elections, the political branches are properly subject to the public in a host of ways. Moreover, the political branches have wide-ranging access to information through hearings, through studies we commission, and through the statistics and data we routinely gather.  This proximity to the people and to information makes Congress the most suitable repository of the legislative power; that is, the power to deliberate as agents of the public and to determine what laws and structures will best ``promote the general welfare.''  It is much easier to describe the distinction between the judicial and the legislative power in the abstract than it is to apply in practice. That is why so much of our constitutional history has been devoted to developing doctrines and traditions that keep the judiciary within its proper sphere.  After much upheaval, the mid-twentieth century yielded a stable and harmonious approach to questions relating to the scope of Congress's powers: these questions are largely for the political branches and the political process to resolve--not the courts.  To be sure, the Court has a role in policing the outer boundaries of this power, but it is to be extremely deferential to the specific judgment of Congress that a given statute is a necessary and proper exercise of its constitutional powers. When the Court fails to defer, as it had during several periods prior to the New Deal, it inevitably finds itself making judgments that are far outside the sphere of the judicial power.  This is the point of Justice Stevens' warning. The Court is departing from its proper role in scope of power cases. What was initially uncertain, even after Lopez and Boerne, is now inescapable: This imperial Court, in case after case, is freely imposing its own view of what constitutes sound public policy. This violates a basic theory of government so carefully set forth in our Constitution. In theory, therefore, there is ample reason to expect that the Supreme Court's recent imperialism will undermine the fundamental value animating the Constitution, and that is the ability of the American people to govern themselves effectively and democratically.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hagel). The Senator from Michigan.  