 President, I thank the managers from Foreign Operations Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee for accepting my amendment yesterday, which was a resolution arguing that we should restore the moneys that we cut from the NADR funding line in the State Department. The Foreign Operations Appropriation bill cut a lot of money out of a proposal and recommendation from the authorizing committee, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.  We cut a significant amount of money out of some vital programs that we have to support nonproliferation, antiterrorism, and related programs. As a matter of fact, the 10 programs in this category are all on the front line of protecting our people from terrorism and weapons of mass destruction. Unfortunately, the funding in the Foreign Operations bill for 7 of those 10 programs was 37 percent below the levels requested by the President. And that is without counting another $30 million that was cut because the Foreign Operations Subcommittee concluded that a new counterterrorism training center had to be funded in the Commerce-State-Justice appropriations bill instead.  The national security and the very things my friend from Tennessee is talking about require that we provide substantially more of those requested funds.  Let me describe the programs that are treated so badly. In the nonproliferation field, we have the Department of State's Export Control Assistance program, which helps foreign countries to combat the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. Recently, Customs agents in Uzbekistan, for example, stopped the shipment of radioactive contraband to Kazakhstan, which was on its way to Iran with an official destination of Pakistan. Press stories suggest that the shipment was really intended for an Afghanistan terrorist group affiliated with Osama bin Laden, who would have used it to build a radiological weapon for use against Americans.  Those Customs agents were trained in the United States. The equipment they used to detect the radioactive material was provided by the United States. In that case, the funding came from the Cooperative Threat Reduction Program, which is in another appropriations bill. But the Export Control Assistance Program has provided the same sort of assistance when the Nunn-Lugar program could not be used, and it regularly helps other countries enact the laws and regulations they need in order to be effective in export control. The personal ties that are forged by this program with export officials in other countries are equally critical in improving other countries' export controls and their willingness to work with us.  I cite that as one example. We are cutting by 37 percent on average the non-proliferation and anti-terrorism programs. We are cutting by 37 percent on average those programs that allow us to train customs agents and others in detecting the transfer of the very material my friend from the State of Tennessee is talking about being transferred. None of that is transferred in the open. China doesn't say, ``By the way, we are about to send to Pakistan the following.'' They don't do that. It is all done surreptitiously. How we are cutting funds to deal with the transport of materials that cause the proliferation to rise as it has is beyond me. It is absolutely beyond my comprehension.  There are many other aspects of the program. Last year Congress increased funding for this program from $10 million to $14 million. Indeed, the report for the Foreign Operations Appropriation bill takes credit for the increase. This year the President asked for $14 million to maintain the level we set up last year. But what happened? The appropriations bill cut it back down to $10 million. I don't get this. Hello? What is going on here? The committee takes credit for raising this program's budget and then cuts it back down? If there is a logic here, I fail to see it.  The fact is that last year, when it came to this program, the appropriators were right. This year they should do again just what they did last year. But they did not. That is why my co-sponsors and I offered our amendment, and I am grateful to the managers for their acceptance of that amendment; I hope the conferees will take it to heart.  We need more export control assistance to help other countries keep nuclear materials out of the hands of their dangerous neighbors. Earlier this month the National Commission on Terrorism warned that it:       . . . was particularly concerned about the persistent lack      of adequate security and safeguards for the nuclear material      in the former Soviet Union.  That is a cogent concern, one my friend from Tennessee and I and others have talked about on this floor. Export control assistance is one of the programs that helps keep those dangerous materials from crossing the former Soviet borders.  The Foreign Relations Committee is on record as favoring full funding of the request for this program. Indeed, it was suggested by Senator Helms we add another $5 million to our security assistance to support strategic cargo X-ray facilities that would be used in the free port of Malta. Malta is a crossroads for shipping in the Mediterranean area and sometimes it has been the doorway for contraband flowing to Libya. You might think appropriatorswould pay attention to such a sensible suggestion, but the Foreign Operations Appropriation bill did the opposite.  Another non-proliferation program, International Science and Technology Centers, would provide safe employment opportunities for former Soviet experts. There are thousands and thousands of Soviet experts, nuclear experts. They are not getting paid. They don't have housing. Their economy is in the toilet. We have a program: We want to hire them. We don't want Qadhafi hiring them. We don't want them being hired in Libya. We don't want them hired in North Korea. So we have a sensible program.  I will end with this. There are 4 more examples, but I will not take the time.  What do we do? We cut these programs. Then we all stand--and I am not speaking of any particular Senator--and say we are going to fight terrorism, and nonproliferation is our greatest concern, and we are worried about this technology changing hands. The bottom line is the programs that help to do that are cut. That is why it is so important that our amendment of yesterday be implemented in conference.  I yield the floor and thank my colleague from Pennsylvania.  