 President, I may not take the 10 minutes.  I can assure my colleagues that in order to accommodate the number of Senators who asked about my amendment, I am not going to, at this moment, force a vote on that amendment.  What I rise today for is to speak about an amendment I have submitted to this bill. What we have before us today is fundamentally a tax bill to help middle-class parents give their children the best education possible at elementary and secondary levels, as well as higher education.  I, with a few on my side of the aisle, happen to support the Senator from Georgia in his effort. The proposals in this bill are not new. In fact, I have supported many of them in their various incarnations in the past.  Several of these proposals were included as part of a so-called GET AHEAD Act--Growing the Economy for Tomorrow: Assuring Higher Education is Affordable and Dependable--an act which I introduced in 1997. Although this bill never came before the Congress for a vote, many of its provisions were included in the 1997 tax bill.  In 1998, I was one of only a handful of Democrats who supported the legislation to expand the existing education savings accounts, more commonly referred to as educational IRAs. Currently, $500 a year may be contributed to these education IRAs, and the money in these accounts may only be used for higher education. However, under the 1998 proposal, as well as the bill we have before us today, these accounts would be expanded so the parents could contribute up to $2,000 per year, and the savings in the accounts could be used to pay for elementary and secondary education costs, as well as the costs associated with higher education.  I find no principal rationale why I should be able to use a $2,000 IRA to have sent my child to Georgetown University and not use it to send my child to Archmere Academy, which is a Catholic institution as well but a high school.  During my time in the Senate, I have consistently supported reasonable, appropriate, and constitutional measures to help middle-class and low-income families choose an alternative to public schools. I believe the bill achieves part of this goal.  There is no tax deduction for the money put into these education IRAs. There is no tax deduction for the entire cost of a private or parochial education. This is not a voucher proposal.  The thing I would most want to speak to today is the idea that we have to do more than we are now to accommodate parents sending their kids to college. As helpful as this initiative is, it does not go very far. We all know firsthand how difficult it is for American families to afford college.  In 1997, we took some important steps towards making college education more affordable with the enactment of several tax credits for students and their families. So-called HOPE scholarships allow families a tax credit of up to $1,500 for tuition and fees for the first 2 years of college. The Lifetime Learning credit currently allows families a 20-percent tax credit on up to $5,000 for educational expenses through the year 2002, and up to $10,000 for educational expenses thereafter.  Additionally, the 1997 tax bill allows students to deduct a portion of the interest paid on student loans during the first 60 months of repayment. The bill before us today proposes to eliminate that 60-month limit on student loan interest deductions and allow students to deduct the interest paid on their student loans for the duration of their repayment.  While this is another step in the right direction, I believe there is still more we can do to help our Nation's college students. That is why I am offering an amendment today to allow an additional tax relief for millions of families who are struggling to put their kids through college. My amendment builds upon the proposal contained in the legislation introduced in 1997.  My amendment would offer families the option of either a tax deduction of a 28-percent tax credit on up to $5,000 of educational expenses during 2001 and 2002 and up to $10,000 of educational expenses during 2003 and thereafter. Further, there is no limit on the number of years the family could claim this tax credit. So a student could claim a deduction or credit for every year he or she is enrolled in an institution of higher learning as either an undergraduate or a graduate student.  Additionally, this educational tax deduction contains higher income thresholds. I would allow this to be taken for up to $120,000 for joint filers, thus allowing more families and more students to take advantage of the tax benefits in this proposal.  Things have changed a great deal since I arrived in the Senate in 1973. In 1973, there was still the myth that all a student needed was a good high school education to have a clear shot at being able to make it. The statistics and the numbers and the story has been told over the last 28 years that a college education is essentially becoming a prerequisite for having a clear shot at the middle-class dream of being able to own a home, afford a good education for your children, and to live with some degree of financial certitude.  I will not take more time today, although when I do introduce this formally to a piece of legislation, I will speak much longer and in much more detail.  To summarize, I think it is the most noble of social purposes to seek to encourage families to spend money on educating their children and, particularly at this stage, on higher education. People say to me: Joe, $120,000 is an awful lot of money for you to allow someone to have a tax advantage. You can have them make up to $120,000 and they still get a benefit here.  The answer is yes. My inclination is to go higher. Try sending a kid to a private institution today and college. Try sending a kid to a school that is not a State public institution. There are phenomenal State public institutions. I am not suggesting there aren't.  Take my alma mater, the University of Delaware. As an in-State student, you can get it done for somewhere around $13,000 room, board, and tuition. Send that same kid to the school my son attended, the University of Pennsylvania and it is $35,000. Send them to Gettysburg College and it is $30,000 room, board, and tuition. The cost of education is astronomical.  What I don't like to see happen, when you think about the incredible cost of education today and what we are developing, is basically a two-tiered education system. One of the greatest bills that ever passed was the GI bill. The GI bill meant that Irish Catholic kids and inner-city kids and farm boys could go to Harvard and Yale and Princeton and to the great ``universities'' out there. But now to go to those schools and every other school, many of which we haven't heard the names of, there is very little possibility. The only choice a student has in a middle-class family is to be able to go to the State institution.  I went to the State institution. I am proud of having gone to the State institution. My wife graduated from the State institution. My whole family went to the University of Delaware. I take a back seat to no one at any other university in terms of the education I received, but I don't want to be in a position where, in fact, the only choice middle-class people have of sending their kids to college is at a State university. I don't want this two-tiered system to reemerge.  If you get into one of the great universities, the prestige universities, they are endowed enough that if you have no money, you are likely to be able to get help. You will be able to get some aid packages to go. The people who get crunched are the people in the middle.  I am delighted and pleased and I applaud the Georgetowns and the Dukes and the Princetons and the Stanfords and the great universities out there that are the named universities for providing for the education of moderate- and low-income people who otherwise qualify to get in. Very few get turned away because of that. The problem comes with the quintessential middle-class family who makes what appears to be a good income, has three kids going to college, and they lose that option. I don't think they should.  Mr. President, rather than take the time of the Senate, I will withhold sending my amendment to the desk because I am not going to ask for a vote on it now. I will speak to this in more detail later.  I thank the manager of the bill for allowing me the opportunity. I particularly thank Senator Wellstone, who was here before me, for allowing me to precede him.  I yield the floor.  