 President, in June of this year I expressed my displeasure with the foreign operations appropriations bill when it came to the floor of the Senate. The overall funding level was too low, security assistant accounts were unfunded, burdensome conditions were placed on contributions to international organizations and an inadequate appropriation was made for debt relief.  I'm pleased to find that the conference report has corrected some of these problems in a very satisfactory way. Appropriators have done the right thing on debt relief, by fully funding the amounts requested. As the wealthiest nation in the world, there is no excuse for us ignoring the plight of the world's poorest countries which are laboring under an untenable debt burden.  I'm also relieved to see that the overall funding level of the bill comes far closer to the administration's request than the bill that the Senate passed in June. That bill, to my dismay, was $1.7 billion short of what was asked for. The conference report is a vast improvement. It is still some $200 million below what the executive branch has projected that it will need to undertake foreign operations. Obviously this is quite a large sum and there is a very serious need for Congress to reverse the trend of undercutting State Department and Agency for International Development programs. However the conference report brings the money requested and the money appropriated substantially closer.  The bill contains a provision for assistance to Serbia with which I am in agreement. To unilaterally lift sanctions, or to open up the aid spigot fully would be both premature and naive. The United States should adopt the more measured response reflected in this provision. The language in the conference report sends the right message that we must condition our aid to the new regime in Serbia until it has clearly demonstrated that it will cooperate with the Hague War Crimes Tribunal, respect the independence of Bosnia and Herzegovina and not undermine the Dayton Accords, and that it will unequivocally renounce the use of force in Kosovo and take steps to implement policies that reflect a respect for minorities and rule of law.  Finally Mr. President, let me say that I am also relieved to see that the level of funding dedicated to the Non-proliferation, Anti-terrorism, De-mining and Related Programs (NADR) has been increased substantially. The amount is almost $100 million more than the level in the Senate passed bill, and slightly higher than the President's request. Although I would like to see more resources dedicated to the International Science and Technology Centers program, I welcome the plus up in the larger account. These programs are a crucial element in our strategy to halt the spread of nuclear weapons, and combat terrorism.  One NADR account that received more than the amount requested was export control assistance, and I truly applaud that. The assistance that we give to other countries in developing export control laws, regulations, and enforcement is absolutely crucial from the non-proliferation standpoint, and it can also help combat international terrorism. As we plus up that program, however, we must remember to provide the personnel to implement it. Many of those personnel are in the Department of Commerce, and more are needed. Unless appropriators provide elsewhere the requested 7 additional personnel (which translates into 5 additional FTE in Fiscal Year 2001) for the Bureau of Export Administration, the additional funds that we make available in this bill simply will not be implemented as effectively as we would wish.  