 President, the foreign operations of the United States are all undertaken to promote the national interests of our country. They are all useful and important programs, and they deserve our support.  The national interests that they serve, however, are of varying importance. As George Orwell wrote in his novel ``Animal Farm,'' ``some are more equal than others.'' All our foreign operations programs are useful, but some are downright vital to our national security.  One element in this bill that is truly vital to our national security is severely underfunded. I will introduce shortly an amendment to address that severe problem.  The funding line to which I refer is known as ``NADR.'' That does not refer to Ralph Nader. It does refer to ``Nonproliferation, Antiterrorism, Demining, and Related Programs.'' The 10 programs in this category are all on the front line of protecting our people from terrorism and from weapons of mass destruction.  Unfortunately, the funding in this bill for 7 of those 10 programs is 37 percent below the levels requested by the President. (And that ignores another $30 million that was cut because the Foreign Operations Subcommittee concluded that a new counter-terrorism training center must be funded in the Commerce, Justice, State appropriation.) I submit that the national security requires that we provide substantially more of those requested funds.  Let me describe the programs that are treated so badly in this bill:  In the non-proliferation field, the Department of State's Export Control Assistance program helps foreign countries to combat the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.  Recently customs agents in Uzbekistan stopped a shipment of radioactive contraband from Kazakhstan that was on its way to Iran, with an official final destination of Pakistan. Some press stories suggested that the shipment was really intended for a terrorist group affiliated with Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan, who would have used it to build a radiological weapon for use against Americans.  Those customs agents were trained by the United States. The equipment they used to detect the radioactive material was provided by the United States. In that case, the funding came from the Cooperative Threat Reduction program.  But the Export Control Assistance program provides the same sort of assistance when Nunn-Lugar funds can not be used, and it helps other countries to enact the laws and regulations that they need in order to have effective export controls. The personal ties that are forged by this program with export control officials from other countries are equally crucial to improving other countries' export control performance.  This year, the Export Control Assistance program will enable the Department of Commerce to assign a resident export control attache to Russia. The Export Control Assistance program also sets up internal compliance programs in Russia's high-tech industries and trains the Russian personnel who staff those offices. These programs enable Russia to police itself and give us increased visibility into plants that are of particular concern from the non-proliferation standpoint.  Last year, Congress increased funding for this program from $10 million to $14 million. Indeed, the report on the bill before us takes credit for that increase. This year, the President asked for $14 million, to maintain this vital level of effort, but the bill before us includes only $10 million.  When the appropriators increased this program last year, they were right. This year, they should do it again. We need more export control assistance to help other countries keep nuclear materials out of the hands of their dangerous neighbors.  Earlier this month, the National Commission on Terrorism warned that it was ``particularly concerned about the persistent lack of adequate security and safeguards for the nuclear material in the former Soviet Union.'' That is a cogent concern, and Export Control Assistance is one of the programs that helps to keep dangerous materials from crossing former Soviet borders.  By the way, the Foreign Relations Committee favors full funding of the President's request for this program. Indeed, at the suggestion of Chairman Helms, we added $5 million in our security assistance bill to support a new project in Malta.  Another non-proliferation program, the International Science and Technology Centers, provides safe employment opportunities for former Soviet experts in weapons of mass destruction who might otherwise be tempted to sell their skills to rogue states. This program not only helps those scientists. It also gives hope to, and helps to preserve discipline at, the institutes where those experts work.  The activities of this program are guided by a Governing Board headed by the Honorable Ron Lehman, a wonderful public servant who was Assistant Secretary of Defense in the Reagan Administration and director of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency in the Bush Administration.  Ron Lehman and I often disagree on policy matters, but we are in complete agreement on the need to help Russia to restructure its bloated, Soviet-era weapons complexes without leaving its weapons experts prey to offers from countries like Iran, Iraq or Libya. His program is doing some wonderful things, moreover. Since 1994, the Science Centers have supported over 840 projects, employing over 30,000 weapons experts at more than 400 former Soviet institutes.  Some of these projects led to the formation of viable commercial companies; others resulted in contracts with western companies to distribute new Russian products like medical devices or high temperature batteries. Around a fifth of Science Center funding now comes from Western companies and government agencies that employ former Soviet experts through this program.  Other projects have put weapons experts to work on public health, environmental remediation, and non-proliferation projects that provide real benefits to the former Soviet Union and its neighbors.  For example, the Russian Academy of Sciences, MINATOM, and the prestigious Kurchatov Institute recently completed a six-year project to map all the nuclear contamination sites in the former Soviet Union. Science Center funding was the lifeblood of that project.  The Science Centers also funded fourteen Y2K readiness projects that ensured the safety of nuclear power facilities and chemical and biological storage areas.  The International Science and Technology Centers are multinational. The U.S. Government provided only 31 percent of last year's Science Center funding, compared to 36 percent provided by the European Union. Japan, Norway and South Korea also participate in the program. But without our leadership, this program will fail.  The bill before us would give that program only a third of what was appropriated for this fiscal year. I know that the budget numbers for foreign operations are unrealistically tight. They always are. But if we cut the Science and Technology Centers program that much, we will endanger our national security.  It only takes a few experts in nuclear, chemical or biological weapons to provide dangerous materials or technology to a ``rogue state.'' We should do everything in our power to make sure that economic desperation in Russia does not result in such a catastrophe.  The committee report on this bill states that it:     was disturbed to learn that, after at least 5 years of      interaction between the State Department and Russian      scientists, relations remain guarded.  I, for one, am not disturbed by that. Russia still has a nuclear weapons program, just as we do. There are bound to be security concerns that keep us at arm's length.  Unlike us, Russia may also have illegal chemical and/or biological weapons programs. There are military biological institutes to which we do not have access.  As a result, there is always a risk that non-proliferation assistance will be diverted to illegal military research, or that the funds we provide will keep afloat people or institutes involved in an illegal chemical or biological weapons program. That risk pales, however, compared to the risk of weapons proliferation if we leave those weapons scientists unable to put food on their table. So we must be ``guarded,'' and we must do more.  The Science and Technology Centers program takes great care to minimize the risk of diversion. The General Accounting Office, after studying the Science Center's programs to employ Russia's former biological weapons experts, reported recently that the Center:       . . . has directly deposited grant payments into project      participants' individual bank accounts, which prevents the      institutes from diverting funds for unauthorized purposes. .      . . Program managers from the Science Center review      programmatic and financial documents on a quarterly basis,      and the Science Center requires a final audit of every      project before it releases an overhead payment to an      institute.       In addition, the U.S. Defense Contract Audit Agency has      conducted internal control audits for 10 Science Center      biotechnology projects through 1999.  Those precautions work. A few months ago, Science Center officials were warned by Russian scientists of a possible diversion of funds. That information was received and acted upon in a timely manner, and steps were taken to make sure that no diversion occurred.  The Science Centers program also takes steps to guard against proliferation. After all, that's the point of this assistance. We can be proud of the job that this program is doing to reduce the risk of proliferation of Russian materials and expertise.  When the GAO looked at Science Center biotechnology projects, they found that nearly half the recipients of project assistance were ``former senior weapons scientists.'' On the average, the scientists devoted more than half of the year to Science Center projects. Institute directors told the GAO that these projects ``were crucial to their institute budgets.''  The GAO also reports:       Prior to the funding of any U.S. collaborative research      project, Russian institute officials must pledge that their      institute will not perform offensive weapons research or      engage in proliferation activities. According to a January      1999 State Department report, engaging in such inappropriate      behavior would have an immediate and negative impact on any      U.S. assistance.  Institute officials with whom we met consistently told us that they are no longer involved in offensive biological weapons activities and that they clearly understand the conditions of U.S. collaborative research assistance.  The GAO report continues:       Officials at three institutes we visited reported that, in      the past, representatives of countries of proliferation      concern had approached them seeking to initiate questionable      dual-use research. Officials at the three institutes told us      they had refused these offers because of a pledge made to      U.S. executive branch officials as a condition of receiving      U.S. assistance.       The pledge includes avoiding cooperation both with      countries of proliferation concern or with terrorist groups.       State and Defense Department officials identified at least      15 former Soviet biological weapons institutes in which the      United States has evidence that these programs have      discouraged the institutes and scientists from cooperating      with countries of proliferation concern such as Iran.       The Department of Defense informed Congress in a January      2000 report that the access gained through the collaborative      research programs has provided ``high confidence'' that      Biopreparat institutes such as Vector and Obolensk are not      presently engaged in offensive activities.  Did everyone get that? This program is giving assistance to Russian biological weapons experts in order to keep them out of the clutches of rogue states. The GAO has found that it is succeeding in doing that. At the same time, we are guarding against the diversion of our funds to improper purposes. And the access we get to the institutes we assist--thanks to this program--has enabled the Defense Department to say that those institutes are clean.  Finally, we get useful research as an end product. If the executive branch gets the funding it wants, we will get help on defending against biological weapons. We will also help the Russians safeguard the dangerous pathogens that they keep for research purposes, thus guarding against their sale and reducing the risk of an accidental catastrophe.  The Foreign Relations Committee supports this program as well. Indeed, in our security assistance bill, we added $14 million, so that the Science Centers could fund all of the deserving projects that have been proposed.  But the bill before us cuts $25 million out of this fine program, leaving less than 45 percent of what the President requested, and barely a third of what the Foreign Relations Committee recommends.  The price of such cuts could be far more than the $25 million in would-be savings. If we leave Russian weapons scientists underemployed, with time on their hands and not enough food on their tables, how will they resist an offer from Iran or Iraq?  When we talk about keeping these Russian scientists usefully employed, we're guarding against the spread of nuclear weapons and dreaded plagues. We're not talking about budget caps, but rather about life or death for millions of people.  I understand the need for efficient programs. But this program works. That GAO report did not need to make even one recommendation.  And when millions of lives are potentially at stake, we should do more than do less.  A third non-proliferation program is our contributions to KEDO, the Korean Energy Development Organization, pursuant to the Nuclear Framework with North Korea. Thanks to this agreement, North Korea has ceased reprocessing spent nuclear reactor fuel.  Indeed, recently the last of the spent nuclear fuel was safely canned, under IAEA supervision. That vastly lowers any North Korean ability to produce nuclear weapons.  The Nuclear Framework Agreement has also led North Korea to let U.S. experts visit an underground site that we feared might be a nuclear plant. Our two visits showed that it was not a nuclear facility.  But there is a price for all these benefits, and part of that price is U.S. contributions of heavy fuel oil. Now, traditionally we have spent $35 million a year on that. But other countries have not helped out as much as we expected--although South Korea and Japan are spending much more than we are, to build new reactors in North Korea that will not be readily used for bomb-making. In addition, as we all know, fuel oil costs a lot more than it used to.  Appropriators have refused to allocate more than $35 million, however. Instead, last year, they kept this line at $35 million and added a separate, unallocated line of $20 million in the NADR account, which actually went to meet our KEDO obligations.  The bill before us again allots only $35 million, but this time there is no additional line with $20 million.  This money keeps the Nuclear Framework Agreement on track. That agreement keeps North Korea from using a handy source of fissile material to make nuclear weapons. It also provides a bit of stability on the Korean peninsula, which has led to a suspension of North Korea's long-range missile tests, to U.S.-North Korean negotiations on an end to those programs and to North Korea's missile exports, and now to the first summit ever between the leaders of North and South Korea.  Do we really want to put the Framework Agreement at risk, by failing tofund it? Do we want to derail all the delicate negotiations that are ongoing with North Korea?  Perhaps the authors of this bill intend to fix this in conference, once everybody admits that we need to bust the budget caps on foreign operations. If so, I will be relieved. Maintaining KEDO and the Nuclear Framework Agreement gets to the heart of our national security, however, and I think we should make clear that we want this shortfall remedied.  Another important program in this funding category is our contributions to the Comprehensive Test-Ban Treaty Preparatory Commission. These funds are used primarily to procure and install the International Monitoring system, which serves United States national security interests by enabling the world to detect, identify, and respond to any illegal nuclear tests by other countries.  The International Monitoring System offers features that are of particular value to the United States. Its network of seismic stations will supplement those that the U.S. Government uses to monitor foreign nuclear weapons tests. Indeed, some of those stations will be in locations where we could not hope to get seismic coverage any other way.  The controlled and affiliated seismic stations will also afford regional coverage, rather than just long-range seismic collection. This will result in improved detection, as well as better geolocation of suspect events.  The International Monitoring System will include hydroacoustic collection in the world's oceans, ultrasound collection, and a large network of land-based atmospheric collectors to pick up telltale contamination in the air. Use of those additional monitoring techniques will increase the likelihood of getting multiple-source evidence of an illegal nuclear weapons test.  In addition, the data from the International Monitoring System will be widely available, and therefore usable for enforcement purposes. This is important.  Although the Comprehensive Test-Ban Treaty has not entered into force, signatories are bound--by international law and/or by custom--not to undermine the ``object and purposes'' of the treaty. We have a legal interest, therefore--and surely a security interest--in making sure that other countries do not engage in nuclear weapons tests.  How do you enforce a ban on nuclear weapons tests? That takes more than just monitoring. It requires exposure of the offending country and convincing other countries that a violation has occurred. Only then can we rally the world to threaten or impose penalties on the offender.  U.S. Government sources of information, as good as they are, often can not be used to create a diplomatic or public case against an offender. Our contributions to the CTBT Preparatory Commission will help us to get the publicly usable information that is so vital to putting a stop to any cheating.  The report on this bill states that in the past, the President has requested more than was needed for this program. That is true. The executive branch asks for our share of the coming year's tentative budget, but we also work within the Preparatory Commission to scrub that budget, and it usually comes in a bit lower.  But does that mean we can safely cut 30 percent? Not on your life! The final U.S. obligation might be $20 million, as opposed to the requested $21.5 million. But $15 million is simply out of the question. That would presume a $25 million cut in the Preparatory Commission budget proposed by their Secretariat, which would mean an intolerable delay in fielding the monitoring system.  There may be some confusion because this program has been able to absorb budget cuts in the past. In those years, the State Department was able to apply previous-year funds to make up for the cuts. Virtually all the Fiscal Year 2000 funds, however, have already been obligated. Thus, a cut in Fiscal Year 2001 funding will be much more harmful than were previous cuts.  The report also states that the Preparatory Commission should reimburse the United States for services we have performed in setting up monitoring sites. That, too, is true, and we will be reimbursed. We will not be reimbursed, however, until the sites that we install have been certified as operational. That guards against shoddy work by other countries, and I don't think we want to give up that protection.  Certification has been achieved for one U.S.-installed site, and we will get $500,000 in reimbursements in Fiscal Year 2001. That is already taken into account in the President's budget request. Several million dollars in reimbursement will be received in later years. Cutting the 2001 budget will jeopardize not only the work program for the monitoring system, but also any reimbursements for past or current work that depend upon achieving certification next year.  The bottom line is simple: either we pay for our share of nuclear test monitoring costs, or we delay significantly the work on a monitoring system that serves our own national security. If we want to catch any country that cheats and to expose that cheating, so that we can sanction a violator, then we must pay our bills.  Non-proliferation programs were not the only ones to be cut in this portion of the bill before us. The Department of State's Anti-Terrorism Assistance program and its Terrorist Interdiction program are vital to the security of United States diplomatic and military personnel overseas.  The first line of defense against attacks like those on our embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, or on the Khobar Towers complex in Saudi Arabia, is not ours. Rather, it is the security services of the host countries. All over the world, those countries need our assistance in border control and airport security. They need our training in spotting terrorist groups hiding behind legitimate charities, and in handling terrorist incidents--including future attacks that could use weapons of mass destruction. The Anti-Terrorism Assistance program does all of this.  Right now, the Anti-Terrorism Assistance program trains up to 2,000 people per year. There is so much demand for our training that we could help 3,000 a year, if only we had the funds and the facilities. An increase in training funds would make a real contribution to our security.  The State Department also runs a Terrorist Interdiction Program--known as TIP--that provides other countries the training and equipment needed for them to apprehend terrorists entering their countries. The TIP program enables countries to compare a person's travel documents to their own data-bases. It also works through INTERPOL to link these countries and promote information sharing. Finally, it trains immigration and customs workers in interview and screening techniques.  The State Department recently began a program to provide these important capabilities to Pakistan. We all know about Pakistan, the gateway to Afghanistan for Osama bin Laden and his buddies. Can anybody think of a better place to beef up border security, so that terrorists can be apprehended as they go to and from those Afghan training camps?  The first phase of the TIP program in Pakistan will be paid out of Fiscal Year 2000 funds. But the bill for the second phase will come due in Fiscal Year 2001. So will the first phase of a program in Kenya, which we know all too well has been used as a terrorist gateway to Africa, and site surveys in four more countries.  The proposed budget cut in the bill before us would force us to choose between Pakistan and Kenya. It is simply contrary to our national interest to force such a Hobson's choice.  These two anti-terrorist programs are utterly vital to our security. They make foreign security services more competent in protecting our own personnel, and they also foster ties that can be crucial in a crisis. We should be increasing these programs, and the President's proposed budget would do just that.  The bill before us would cut 22 percent of the funds requested. It would impose a 7-percent cut from this year's funding for these two anti-terrorist programs. This is simply unacceptable.  Finally, the Department of State's Small Arms program has underwritten successful arms buy-backs in Africa, notably in Mali. This is low-budget program is urgently needed in areas that are emerging from civil war and still awash in automatic weapons. Alittle bit of support can go a long way to drain the supply of arms that otherwise end up going to drug-runners, bandit gangs, or renewed civil strife.  The President proposed $2 million for this program. The bill before us would slice away half of that. This is, indeed, a low-budget program, but $2 million is really the floor for a workable program. To take away half of that is to throw this effort into the basement.  The bill before us, Mr. President, leaves the Senate in a nearly untenable position. It is under the budget request by fully $1.7 billion. This is no way to fulfill our obligations to world organizations or to maintain either international influence or our own national security. We must accept that there is no such thing as world leadership on the cheap.  I deeply wish that I could restore the funds that this bill cuts from the NADR account. The truth is, however, that we must wait for conferees to break the ridiculous cap on this whole bill.  With that in mind, the amendment that I am introducing simply states the sense of the Senate that the conferees should find the funds needed to make NADR whole.  We have been through this drill before. In due course, more funds for foreign operations will be found. The crucial question is how the conferees will allocate those funds. This amendment calls on the conferees to give priority to these important national security efforts.  I am pleased to report that this amendment is co-sponsored by Senators Lugar, Hagel, Bingaman, Conrad, Domenici and Levin. I urge all of my colleagues to support it.  This amendment is not certain to succeed in conference--but it surely is the least we can do. The safety of our diplomats and military personnel overseas, and the safety of all of us from the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, demand no less.  