 President, I thank the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Rhode Island for taking the lead on this important amendment this year. As a former Governor and mayor, they can both tell you firsthand about the need for State and local governments to have flexibility to make the best use of their transportation dollars as they see fit.  I find this kind of fascinating. Here we are and we talk about States rights and doing what the States need and the States know what their requirements are. Yet repeatedly when I have introduced this same amendment without the help--hopefully, it will change now because I have a former Republican Governor who has done the job. He is here in the Senate. I have stood up on the floor since 1991 introducing this amendment and I have been told that the Governors don't want this, or that this is inconsistent with the Republican philosophy, or whatever.  Now we have a Governor from one of the largest States in the United States who has done the job--and he obviously did it very well--who says, along with a former mayor from one of our smaller States but with more concentrated cities, that this is a flexibility that will help. Why should you be put in a position as a Governor when, in fact, you are able to, by the way, have flexibility with this money and to decide how you want to use your highway money, and you decide you want to put a bus route on, you can do it? Why can't you use the railroad? This sacrosanct principle I always hear from my friend from Missouri I find fascinating. What is the difference between a bus and a railroad? It is not a road. Guess what. It is on a road. The cement and asphalt guys like that a lot. They don't like the idea that we would make it better for our constituents and Governors have the choice and flexibility.  We are not asking for more money; we are asking for flexibility. I would think it is just common sense. The record shows that the Senate has gone on record time after time--in 1991, 1995, and 1997--in favor of this same proposal before us today in the Voinovich amendment. Time and again, the language has been dropped in conference with the House, which is why we are here again today.  In addition to the same common sense, we are also here to restore balance to the way our transportation dollars are spent. Once again, the highway lobby, which is not content to consume its own large share, is trying to keep Amtrak from having a little bit of a share of the leftovers that go on after other modes of transportation have been taken care of. I guess we will have that business to deal with today.  First, the issue is common sense. Under current law, States are permitted to make their own choices to use the money for certain Federal transportation programs for mass transit, hike and bike trails, driver education, and even snowmobile trails. This is not a very restrictive list, Mr. President. In fact, there is only one kind of transportation that Governors and mayors aren't allowed to consider; that is, inner-city passenger rail.  Isn't that funny? They are going to give the folks in Minnesota, as we should, the ability for the Governor to decide he wants to spend highway money for snowmobile trails. Well, that is his business. They need that, according to the people in Minnesota. We don't need it in Delaware. We need rail. As my friend, and the leader on this subject for the entire time he has been here, the Senator from New Jersey, says--and one of my greatest regrets is that he is leaving voluntarily, and I mean that sincerely. He has one of the few logical voices in this debate. He and I come from States that if you widen I-95, it will accommodate the reduction of rail transportation and you are going to take up the bulk of my State. It would take another seven lanes. Look, I don't tell the folks in Missouri what they need. I don't tell the Governor of Missouri that he should or should not build more roads. Why can't you let the Governor of the State of Delaware decide whether or not it is better for us to have rail transportation between Wilmington and Newark, DE, instead of having to build another lane on I-95?  We all know why Amtrak is off the list. It is politics, pure politics. It has nothing to do with good public policy or a principle of federalism. What sense does it make to go out of our way to tie our Governor's hands when it comes to inner-city transportation? It makes no sense. That is why the Senate has supported this language time and again--unanimously, in some cases, in the past, and with strong bipartisan support. Here is what is at stake when you think about this little proposition: A little balance in our transportation spending.  Mr. President, last year Amtrak received $571 million in Federal funding. The highway system got $53 billion; and $20 billion of that was over and above the gas tax and users' fees that make some folks believe they are paying their own way. Again, $20 billion. We are talking $571 million for Amtrak.  I am not here to argue against full funding of the highway system. However, a lot of places such as the Northeast corridor are not going to be able to add another lane to I-95. We have to have another option for our transportation dollars. That is all this amendment does. It gives, along with every other State, an option we need to keep intercity transportation and rail systems viable. That includes States in the Midwest, West, and South, which is why S. 1144, the bill on which this amendment is based, is cosponsored by 36 Senators including, I note with interest, the distinguished majority leader.  The simple notion of balance says we ought to give all the parts of our transportation system the resources they need and we should give our citizens the full range of transportation choices that citizens in every other advanced economy in the world can now take for granted. It is time to stand up for this language. There is no principled argument on Federalism.  I thank my friend from Ohio for his leadership, and I yield the floor.  