 President, today we reach a point that has been far too long in coming: a vote on final passage of bankruptcy reform. Just two days ago, the Senate voted overwhelmingly--67 to 31--to end debate on this legislation.  I expect the same strong endorsement in today's vote.  For reasons that we are all aware of, it has been a prolonged and complicated process that has brought us to this point today. In one of our very first votes this year, the Senate passed bankruptcy reform legislation by the overwhelming margin of 83 to 14. Similar legislation passed the House last year, 313 to 108. I personally believe that we should not have waited for legislation that passed both Houses by overwhelming margins, many months ago, to finally reach the floor of the Senate in the last hours of this session.  For vast, bipartisan majorities of both houses, the idea that we need to restore some balance to our bankruptcy code is not controversial.  The legislation before us today does indeed tighten current law. It assures that those who have the ability to pay--but only those with the ability to pay--will have to complete at least a partial repayment plan. This fundamental change will affect probably fewer than 10 percent of the people who file for bankruptcy, and only those who have the demonstrated ability to pay.  I would bet, that most of our constituents would be surprised to find that is not the case today. Today's code makes no clear distinction between those who have the income to pay some of their debts and those whose only recourse is to sell off whatever assets they have to pay their creditors. The bill before us corrects that basic flaw.  I am convinced that flaw has a lot to do with the fact that bankruptcy filings have been at record levels in recent years, in spite of the strongest economy we have ever enjoyed. And--contrary to some of the assertions we have heard recently, those filings are not going down. After a leveling off, following interest rate reductions a couple of years ago that made credit easier, the latest statistics show a revival in the record wave of bankruptcy filings in recent months. The problem has not gone away--and the growing evidence of a slowing economy means we should expect even more filings in the coming months.  The fact is, Mr. President, that we have before us legislation that is the result of weeks of debate and amendment here on the Senate floor last year. Although we could not convene a formal conference, further bipartisan discussions continued this summer, including the direct participation of the White House. I ask my colleagues to consider how closely the legislation before us today matches the letter and the spirit of the bill that had such overwhelming support earlier this year.  I also strongly urge the President to reconsider his threat to veto this legislation, that contains many provisions that are the product of direct negotiations with his White House. I know that important voices in his administration continue to support bankruptcy reform, and I hope that he will heed their advice.  We still have a strong safe harbor, to protect families below the median income, along with adjustments for additional expenses that will assure that only those with real ability to pay will be steered from Chapter Seven to Chapter 13. Senate language, that gives judges the discretion to determine whether there are special circumstances that justify those expenses, prevailed over stricter House language.  Beyond that, the Senate-passed safe harbor provision has actually been strengthened, with additional protection for those between 100 and 150 percent of the national median income, who are largely exempted from the means test.  Compared to current law, this legislation provides increased protections against creditors who try to abuse the reaffirmation process. This bill also imposes new requirements on credit card companies to explain to their customers the implications of making minimum payments on their bills every month.  And a feature of this legislation that I think deserves much more emphasis is its historic improvement in the treatment of family support payments--child support and alimony. Compared to current law, there are numerous specific new protections for those who depend on those payments.  The improvements are so important that they have the endorsement of the National Child Support Enforcement Association, the National District Attorneys Association, and the National Association of Attorneys General.  These are the people who are actually in the businesses of making sure that family support payments are made. One passage from a letter sent to members of the Senate Judiciary Committee deserves repeating here, Mr. President. Referring to the very real advantages which this legislation would provide to the women and children who depend on those support payments, they say that, and I quote ``defeat of this legislation based on vague and unarticulated fears'' would be ``throwing out the baby with the bathwater.''  I think this last line from the letter deserves special stress: ``No one who has a genuine interest in the collection of support should permit such inexplicit and speculative fears to supplant the specific and considerable advantages which this reform legislation provides to those in need of support.''  Mr. President, I can think of no stronger rebuttal to the arguments we have heard recently about the supposed effects of this legislation on the women and children who depend on alimony and child support.  Finally, Mr. President, I want to briefly address two issues that have been raised by the President, and by opponents of this legislation. I honestly believe that compared to the many substantial victories for Senate positions, those two issues fall far short of justifying a change in the overwhelming support bankruptcy reform has received in the last two sessions of Congress.  First, there is the issue of the homestead cap. One of the most egregious examples of abuse under current law is the ability of wealthy individuals, on the eve of filing for bankruptcy, to shelter income from legitimate creditors by buying an expensive house in one of the handful of states that have an unlimited homestead exemption in bankruptcy.  It is one of the most egregious abuses, Mr. President, but it is actually pretty rare, involving only a veryfew of the millions of bankruptcies that have been filed in recent years. Nevertheless, it is an abuse that should be eliminated. Senator Kohl and Senator Sessions have been the leaders in the Senate on this. They are the reason why the Senate included a strong provision--a ``hard cap'' of $100,000 on the value of a home that could be exempt from creditors in bankruptcy.  That provision is not in the bill before us today, Mr. President, but the worst abuse--the last-minute move to shelter assets from creditors--has been eliminated. To be eligible for any state's homestead exemption, a bankruptcy filer must have lived in that state for the last two years before filing. If you buy a home within two years of filing, your exemption is capped at $100,000. That is a huge improvement over current law.  So I say to my colleagues: if you want to eliminate the worse abuse of the homestead exemption, then you will vote for the conference report before us today.  That brings us to the last of the major issues--one that we have come to call the Schumer Amendment, because of the energy and dedication of my friend and colleague from New York.  We all know of the confrontations--sometimes peaceful, sometimes tragically violent--that have occurred in recent years between pro-life and pro-choice groups over access to family planning clinics. Because of the threat to the Constitutional rights of the people who run those clinics and their patrons, Congress passed, and President Clinton signed, the Free Access to Clinic Entrances Act in 1993. That law makes it a crime--punishable by fines as well as imprisonment--to block access to family planning clinics.  Some of those who have been arrested and prosecuted under that law have brazenly announced that they plan to file for bankruptcy, to escape the consequences of their crimes--specifically, to avoid paying damages. Some of these individuals have in fact filed for bankruptcy.  But in no case--in no case that I am aware of, Mr. President, or that the Congressional Research Service has been able to find--has any individual escaped a single dollar's liability by filing for bankruptcy. Not a dollar, not a dime, not a penny. It hasn't happened, and it won't happen. The reason is simple: current bankruptcy already states that such settlements--for ``willful and malicious'' conduct--are not dischargeable in bankruptcy.  If that were not enough, current case law supports a very strong reading of that provision of current law. When one clinic demonstrator--who violated a restraining order--attempted to have the settlement against her wiped out in bankruptcy, her claim was rejected out of hand. The violation of a restraining order setting physical limits around a clinic has been ruled to be ``wilful and malicious'' under the current code. The penalties she was assessed were not dischargeable.  Mr. President, the Congressional Research Service, as of October 26, conducted an exhaustive, authoritative search which, and I quote: ``did not reveal any reported decisions where such liability was discharged under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.''  So the current bankruptcy statute--and the most recent case law on this point--all say that the Schumer Amendment is not needed. That is to take nothing away from the hard work and dedication of my friend and colleague on the Judiciary Committee, or to minimize the frustration and outrage many Americans feel at the announced attempts to abuse the bankruptcy code. It is simply to say that the women who use and who operate family planning clinics are not without recourse, and not without the full protection of the law, under the current bankruptcy code.  I repeat, Mr. President: no one has escaped liability under the Fair Access to Clinics Entrances Act through an abuse of the bankruptcy code. No one.  So, Mr. President, we will vote today on a conference report that has a strong Senate stamp on it, that contains important victories for Senate positions, victories that make the bill in some ways fairer and more balanced than the version that passed here in January by an overwhelming vote.  While the homestead provision is not what I hoped it would be, I will vote for closing the worst aspects of the homestead loophole in the current code. I will not let the best be the enemy of the good.  And I will vote for this conference report confident that family planning clinics, and the women who need and use them, will continue to enjoy the full protection available under current law.  I urge my colleagues to join me.  