 President, I rise today to endorse the measure to name the State Department's headquarters after one of the great leaders of the twentieth century--President Harry S Truman.  Harry Truman symbolized the path that this country took during the ``American Century,'' moving from a small community in the American midwest, to the center of the world stage, where he helped rebuild a devastated Europe and contain Communism.  Harry Truman might have stayed on his farm in Independence, Missouri, but World War I intervened and he found himself in Europe as a captain in the Field Artillery. The man whose poor eyesight had kept him out of West Point, was a hero on the battlefields of France. When he returned to Independence--and the beautiful Bess Wallace--his reputation as a leader in battle led to his election as county judge in 1922. In 1935 he was elected Senator from Missouri, and in 1945, he became President upon the death of Franklin Roosevelt.  Truman's mother once said of him: (i)t was on the farm that Harry got his common sense. He didn't get it in town. It was this common sense--a hard-eyed pragmatism, really--that made him a great President. Having fought through the First World War in Europe, he was able to understand the ruin that faced Europe after the Second World War. This led to his support of the brilliant plan of his Secretary of State, George Marshall, who rebuilt Europe. It is not an exaggeration to say that our European allies own the peace and prosperity that they have enjoyed for the last two generations to Truman and Marshall.  It was also this hard-eyed pragmatism that gave Truman a clear view of the Communist threat that come on the heels of World War II. He laid out--and acted upon--the Truman Doctrine--in 1947, when he provided $400 million to fight the spread of Communism in Greece and Turkey. In 1949, he joined with Europe to form the alliance that contained the Soviet Union for nearly 50 years--NATO. And, although we were weary of war in 1950, he sent American forces to defend South Korea from incursions by the Communists of North Korea.  Harry Truman's foreign policy decisions were never easy. Europe's reconstruction, fencing in Communism, creating NATO, required clear vision, and a decisiveness that had nothing to do with favorable poll numbers or reelection prospects. Those are the attributes that made Harry Truman a great President--an ability to see what needed to be done, and the willingness to do it.  Because President Truman's greatest legacy was in international affairs, it is fitting that his name be bestowed on the State Department's main building. I hope that it will provide an inspiration to our diplomats, as they seek to defend the interests of our country, and the world.  