 I will tell him that because I was the one who authored that act. The President was very gracious in calling me and asking me who I would like to see be the one to oversee that office. I recommended one, and only one person, the former attorney general of the State of Iowa who helped me write the act in the first instance, Bonnie Campbell.  I cannot tell you how disappointed, dismayed, and angry, quite frankly, I have been, as a member of the Judiciary Committee, about the fact that--I will be blunt about it--our Republican colleagues in the committee and here will not allow this woman to have a vote on the floor of the Senate. The ABA rates her highly. As you said, everyone I know in the Midwest who knows her, everyone, Republican and Democrat, likes her.  I see my friend Slade Gorton on the floor. He knows a little bit about the process of picking judges. I am confident he and others, as my other colleagues in this room, would agree that qualified judges should not be kept from being on the bench for politics.  People say: Well, this is the usual thing. We hold up these judges all the time near the end of a session when there is going to be a Presidential election.  That is flat malarkey. Ask the Senator from Texas, Mr. Gramm, who is a good friend of mine. He and I are on opposite ends of the political spectrum. I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee. My friend from Iowa may remember this. We went into a caucus in the last 2 days when President Bush was the President of the United States. We were about to go out of session, as we say in the Senate, and adjourn sine die. What happened? We walked out onto the floor of the Senate. The Senator from Texas said he had several qualified judges in Texas, Republicans, and why were we holding them up.  I went to our caucus and said: We should pass those judges. Several in our caucus, two who are no longer here, said they opposed this. I said: Well, you are going to have to oppose me to do it. On the floor of the Senate, the last day, the last hour, the last session, we passed those Texas judges.  I will never forget, the reason I love him so much, the Senator from Texas, Mr. Gramm--who I kiddingly call ``Barbwire'' Gramm; we kid each other--he walked up on the floor and put his hand out to me and he said: Joe, I want to thank you. You are one of the nicest guys here--that is not true--but he said: You are one of the nicest guys here. I want you to know one thing: I would never do it for you.  That is literally a true story, and he will repeat that story for you. The truth is, it is not good politics. It is not good justice. It is not good anything, just to hold up somebody.  By the way, it has been held up for a year. It is not as if they have held up this woman for the last 10 minutes, the last 10 days.  