 President, I rise today in support of the amendment being offered by the Senator from Washington. A recent study by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee confirms what common sense should have been telling us all along--our children learn better when they are taught in smaller classes.  With enrollment at the nation's schools continuing to increase, and many of those currently in the teaching profession nearing retirement age, the fact of the matter is simple--we need more teachers. Under Senator Murray's leadership, we in the Senate began the class size reduction initiative a little over two years ago with the goal of hiring 100,000 teachers over a seven-year period and reducing class sizes in the early grades to a nationwide average of 18 students. Yet here we are today, faced with a bill which abandons this goal.  In 1998, my home state of Delaware recognized the need for more teachers and smaller class sizes. In July of that year, our governor, Tom Carper, signed legislation requiring all school districts in the state of Delaware to cap class sizes in kindergarten through third grades at no more than 22 students. That same legislation included a provision which increased state funding to help pay for one teacher for every 18 students. And with the help of the federal funding provided under the class size reduction initiative, Delaware was able to hire over 100 new teachers in 1999.  These teachers are in the classroom today. That means roughly 1,800 children are likely to get far more out of the hours they spend in school, and that they will move into the higher grades far better prepared. For these children in Delaware, and all the other children who are in smaller classrooms because of this initiative, this is literally a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to get started on the right path. Yet this bill, without the Murray amendment, makes no promise of small classrooms.  We can fund all the education programs we want, but without enough quality teachers in every classroom to teach our children the basic skills necessary to succeed, these programs means nothing. We need to continue to promote smaller classrooms in grade school by continuing to help schools hire up to 100,000 additional qualified teachers to reduce class sizes.  The more individual contact our children have with their teachers, the more they are able to learn, and the better they perform on tests. Those are the facts. At a time when we are just beginning to make progress, now is not the time to abandon our children's future.  