  Despite the clear need, despite the strong statements of concern by Federal Reserve Chairman Greenspan, and by Treasury Secretary Rubin, some of our colleagues continue to miss the point. As the biggest, most open economy in the world, as the leader of the world economy and the only global superpower, the United States has a special role to play in, and a special need for, international institutions to maintain the stability and openness of the world's financial system.  The problems now brought to light in Asia--the increasing billions in international investments that flow around the globe with the stroke of a computer key, the uneven development of banking systems in newly industrializing nations--are very real challenges to our own well-being that require serious analysis and a truly international response. They are not an annoyance that we can blissfully ignore. And they are not to be dismissed with a few ideological platitudes.  As the distinguished chairman of the Appropriations Committee stated so clearly and forcefully just yesterday, the Asian financial crisis is an ``economic El Nino'' that directly affects American sales overseas and jobs here at home. Our contributions to the IMF are made to protect us from the shock waves of that crisis in the Pacific, Madam President, and by denying or delaying those contributions we would only hurt ourselves.  Certainly, the IMF could well use a breath of fresh air--more openness to develop more public understanding and trust. And it is clear that we have a long way to go to establish a sound international financial system, with the clear reporting standards and accurate data that will allow markets to operate efficiently.  Those of us who share those concerns understand the need to provide the IMF with the resources it needs right now to maintain its role as lender of last resort in the kinds of currency crises that can have truly global consequences. If we do not, weaknesses in the world's financial system will only deepen and persist. And, I must add, so will the burdens carried by those people in the affected countries that are least able to deal with them, who too often pay the price for the financial follies of others.  So congratulations are due to those who worked so hard to make sure that the funding becomes part of this bill today. I know that Senator Hagel, my colleague from the Foreign Relations and Chairman of our International Economic Affairs Subcommittee, has played a key role. And a great deal of credit must go to Senator Stevens, Chairman of the Appropriations Committee, for his indispensable leadership.  I know that there are more hurdles to clear in this process, Madam President, but I am pleased to see that thisamendment has become part of the emergency appropriations bill. Just last week, when our IMF contributions seemed in real trouble, I expressed my confidence that the Senate would work quickly and responsibly to make this funding available. Today, the Senate has rewarded that confidence.  I pay special tribute to Senator Hagel for his hard work on this and Senator Stevens for promoting and providing the means to do this and my friend from Maryland for being such a strong voice. I yield the floor.  