  Now, the second amendment, the number of which I am not going to even try to guess, because I will mess it up, but the second amendment is more direct--not more direct--is shorter and straightforward. It says--do I have a copy of it here? It says:       Requirement of payment out of funds specifically      authorized. No cost incurred by the North Atlantic Treaty      Organization (NATO) in connection with the admission to      membership, or participation, in NATO of any country that was      not a member of NATO as of March 1, 1998, may be paid out of      funds available to any department, agency, or other entity of      the United States unless the funds are specifically      authorized. * * *  Now, the phrase ``no cost incurred by NATO'' by definition, as I understand it, means only one thing, the common budget--the common budget.  Now, if the chairman is concerned that we are going to, out of U.S. taxpayers' dollars, spend money on a new NATO admittee, Poland, let us say, that is not part of the common budget by saying, ``You know, NATO has agreed we're going to extend a runway in Warsaw'' or wherever we are going to do it. That is a common budget requirement. NATO must pay for that. It is not the national defense budget of Poland that pays for that. Since all of NATO is going to use it, we all are going to pay for it.  On the other hand, if you want to buy F-15 aircraft, we, the United States, will sell them to you under a Foreign Military Sales Act which is subsidized. We will be taking taxpayers' dollars, subsidizing the Polish military, if we sell them under the Foreign Military Sales Act. That is not out of the common budget.  Now, if what the chairman is trying to capture is those kinds of expenditures that exceed the common budget, I understand that, and I will support that, requiring a specific authorization. But if he is talking about any common budget expenditures by NATO, I see no distinction, by requiring a specific common budget expenditure that falls under the $10 ceiling, because we will be limited by the first amendment to spending no more than $10 the next year.  If, in fact, we require no specific authorization to extend the runway in Germany, and if it is a common budget investment and a NATO investment to extend a runway on German land for a NATO facility, and we don't have to have a specific authorization to do that as long as it doesn't exceed the cap of $10 total spending, then I don't understand why we would have to have a specific authorization to do the same exact thing with an equal member of NATO--assuming Poland is admitted--in Poland. It is not doing anything other than meeting a NATO obligation we will have had to sign on to.  Secondly, if I am right--and I may not be, because I may not understand the second amendment--when I read the phrase, ``No cost incurred by NATO in connection with admission of new members''----  