 President, I will vote against tabling the Lugar amendment. It is a useful starting point in bringing some rationalization to our sanctions policy.  I have been in the Senate for over 25 years. Over that time, I have supported many sanctions laws, and even authored a few. But I am now re-examining my approach to sanctions policy. I do so not because I oppose sanctions--sanctions are an important part of our foreign policy arsenal.  But I believe we need to rethink our overall approach. Statutory sanctions, once imposed, are difficult to repeal, and they therefore do not provide the President the flexibility that I believe he needs to conduct foreign policy. As we all know, it is easier to block legislation than to pass it; accordingly, lifting a sanction to meet changed circumstances is difficult, and sometimes impossible. I believe, therefore, that we have to start building into our sanctions policy the necessary flexibility for the President to waive, modify, or terminate sanctions with the ability of the Congress to respond to his actions.  The Lugar bill is not perfect. It has a few provisions that I believe should be changed or modified. For example, I do not believe it is wise to provide, as the amendment does in Section 806(c), for a point of order against legislation in cases where the Senate has not received required reports from the Executive Branch. This provision would conceivably permit the President to prevent consideration of a bill simply by withholding the required report. In addition, I believe the bill should clearly exclude from the definition of ``sanction'' those measures taken to enforce criminal laws and those measures taken pursuant to the authority of the Federal Aviation Administration to ban foreign airlines from flying to the United States which do not satisfy our safety standards. Finally, I believe the contract sanctity provision is too broad, for two reasons. First, there may be cases where a multi-year option contract would render the sanction--at least as to that contract--a nullity. Second, there may be cases--a proliferation sanction comes to mind--where it may be in our national security interest to stop the flow of technology immediately.  Despite these concerns about the Lugar amendment, I will vote against the tabling motion. The bill is a good framework upon which we can begin to construct a more rational sanctions policy, and I believe the Senate should continue to consider it further on thisbill. I did not offer amendments to perfect the amendment because it was obvious that it was not going to be adopted and if it was it could be perfected in conference. We will surely revisit this issue at which time I'll have more to say.  