 President, I will be very brief. A century ago, our predecessors in the U.S. Senate took a very bold step in ratifying the North Atlantic Treaty.  It is easy for us today to forget what a break with the past that vote represented. For the first time, this country committed itself, in peacetime, tothe defense of democratic Europe. The Senate recognized by its far-sighted action that our future--indeed our own freedom--is inextricably bound to Europe.  The success of the fledgling NATO was by no means certain. Western Europe was made up of a jumble of nations, several of which had only recently been at each others' throats. Germany and France alone had fought each other three times in 74 years. The three western zones of Germany, which were not the Federal Republic and, in fact, were not invited to join NATO.  The countries of Western Europe were economically weak, not yet having recovered nearly fully from the devastation of World War II.  Several European NATO members had strong Communist parties whose loyalty and commitment to democracy were suspect.  Mr. President, our predecessors took a gamble. Fortunately for us and our children--and I hope for our grandchildren--NATO succeeded beyond the Senate s fondest expectations.  As we all know, for 40 years, it kept Soviet imperialism at bay, thereby providing the security umbrella under which democratic Western Europe could recover socially and economically, and thrive.  In the process, NATO expanded its membership three times to welcome Greece and Turkey, West Germany, and Spain. With each expansion the Alliance was strengthened.  Largely thanks to NATO's persistence, communism in most of Europe crumbled, including in the Soviet Union.  Now, nearly 50 years after our predecessors met the challenge of their time, we are called upon, once again, to take up the torch.  Three highly qualified democracies that chafed under the Communist yoke for four decades are now candidates for membership in NATO. Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic have already rejoined the West politically and socially. Tonight we can vote to readmit them to the West's security framework.  In a larger sense we will be righting a historical injustice forced upon the Poles, Czechs, and Hungarians by Joseph Stalin.  Mr. President, NATO enlargement is squarely in America's national interest. It is in Europe's interest. And yes--by stabilizing a historic crucible of violence in East-Central Europe--it is in Russia s interest.  I am proud to be able to play a small part in this historic occasion. I will cast my vote with conviction to ratify the Resolution of Ratification, and I urge my colleagues to join me. I yield the floor.  