 At least theirs was a principled stand. They said, ``Look, the insurance companies, in driving down costs, are more important than all these other factors. We're not going to do anything.''  What bothers me--and this is me; you are not saying this, I know it, but I am saying it--what bothers me is the apparent cynicism of picking four items which most often my constituency speaks to, to say they are covered, and nothing else. And even when you look into those four items, they are not really covered.  They are going to be going around--and the insurance companies are spending tens of millions of dollars in ads--saying, ``We want you to have the right to choose a doctor.''  Wait a minute. That is what they said before. But under the Republican bill, the American people can't choose their doctor, if the doctor they happen to need is a specialist, if the doctor they happen to need is in an emergency room and they don't meet the standard that the HMO sets.  I have not been nearly as involved in this debate as my friend from Massachusetts. And as the old joke goes: He has forgotten more about health care than I am going to learn. But I wouldfeel better about what is going on here if the Republicans said what they truly believe, ``Hey, look, we're not changing our position. We don't think you should be able to choose your own doctor. We don't think there should be an antigag rule. We don't think you should change the requirements to get emergency room access. We don't think that a woman should be able to choose her gynecologist as her primary physician.''  Let me tell you what I think they figured out. I know of no wrath like that of the wrath of a woman who says, ``I can't go to the doctor that I need and trust the most.'' And so they seem to be yielding only in places--and only in part--where the loudest cries are coming from. But, there are so many, many, many, many loopholes in what they say they are doing, and so much they leave out.  I kind of yearn for the day when they just stood up on the floor like they do on guns and say, ``Hey, look, guns are not bad. You know, guns don't kill people. People kill people.'' I kind of like that. I admire it. But this, I don't know.  There will be a multimillion-dollar campaign we are all going to endure, and you do not have to be a rocket scientist to figure out where this is going before this is all over. And I expect I am going to hear your name mentioned a couple hundred thousand times before this is over, too. But at any rate, I thank you for answering my question.  