 President, the chairman and I have worked very, very hard over the last 9 months to produce this bill. I will not reiterate all that each of us said last week at the end of the day. We have no real disagreement in terms of the substance of the bill. We have a disagreement on not even whether or not we should attach a provision relating to family planning and abortion in the bill. We don't even disagree on that. The chairman had nothing to do with that being in. He is a strong supporter of the family planning limitation that is in this bill, so-called Mexico City, although he did not ask for it to be put in this bill, but it is on the bill. We are faced with the reality, it is on the bill.  The question is, What do we do from here? I urge my colleagues, notwithstanding the agreement the Senator and I have in every other aspect of the bill, to vote against this conference report. I do so because, at the insistence of the House, the Mexico City provision, which is not related to the underlying legislation, is in the bill, and stopping the conference report, I hope--and I may be tactically wrong here; this is my objective--I hope we send a signal to the House that we will not yield to what I characterize--not the chairman, ``me''--characterize, as legislative blackmail on this or other controversial issues.  As indicated, it would be inappropriate, if the Democrats took back the House next time out--I have no idea whether that will happen, but if they did--for them to attach to one of the bills an education provision that no one on the Republican side liked and said, ``Take it or leave it.'' I think it is a mistake.  The underlying legislation is critically important to American foreign policy. It would pay off our arrearages to the United Nations and bring additional reform to that body and reorganize our foreign policy agency, and it begins to provide the funds, in essence, to restore our diplomatic presence worldwide. I believe the President will sign it promptly, provided we send him one without Mexico City attached.  Again, the only thing that the chairman and I disagree on, he believes, and he believed, and I believe he believes it, that what the House sent is at least a compromise on Mexico City. I view it as not a compromise at all on Mexico City.  So I urge my colleagues to reject this conference report so we can return to conference and produce a bill that the President can sign.  I reserve the balance of the time.  