 I am one who supports the Coverdell amendment. I am one of those folks who voted against vouchers, although I am entertaining whether or not I vote for a test project, as I view it, in the District. I have not made up my mind on that yet. But I clearly support the approach of my friend from Georgia.  As a matter of fact, we had a little bit of a disagreement in our caucus over that issue on the substance. But there is one thing there is not any disagreement in our caucus about, and that is whether or not--and I suspect there would not be if the roles were reversed for the majority leader--whether or not we would sign on to--even those who support the Coverdell legislation--whether or not we would sign on to a position that would effectively require us to give up our rights to offer amendments, because although I am for this bill, it may be there would be a crime bill on the floor or there would be a foreign policy initiative on the floor that, once I agreed to give up that right procedurally, I would have put myself in the permanent minority and not being able to exercise the rights I have under the rules of the Senate. And I am absolutely confident the Senator from Mississippi would take the same position were he on the opposite side of the numbers at this time, the numbers being in the minority.  But I, for one, believe that we should try to work out an overall arrangement relative to making sure we deal with education-related issues. I would--and far be it from me; I am not capable of being the leader of either one of the parties on this floor. But I would suggest that while the minority leader, the Democratic leader, is considering this, that the majority leader, the Republican leader, consider whether or not there is any benefit in trying to put a time limit on this now.  Suggesting time limits on amendments is like waving red flags. I can name 10 Senators on your side, if I said that we are going to give their State an additional $70 billion but there will be a time limit on debate, they would automatically disagree. So I think there are sort of red flags.  And far be it from me to get in the middle of this negotiation, but I compliment the Republican leader on what seems to be at least a slight change of approach in terms of what I think is an equitable way in which to deal on this floor. But people like me, who strongly support the Coverdell bill, absent something worked out like this--I must say to my friend from Georgia, I am with you, but I ain't with you when I have to give up my rights on everything else that comes down the pike-- as strongly as I support this.  So I compliment, again, the Republican leader. I hope he and the Democratic leader can work this out, because I would like very much to get to this debate and get to voting on it. And, to be very selfish about it, I would also like to clear it out of the way so we can focus on NATO in a coherent way.  I see the Presiding Officer shaking his head. He has a great interest in the NATO issue as well, I know. There are a number of Members who do. It would be nice to have a coherent, consistent debate on that issue, because it is of such consequence.  I thank both leaders for allowing me to get into what is not usually something I speak to, and I appreciate their efforts.  