  The second point is I may have misled the Senator, but unintentionally, when I talked about the NATO nations of the former Soviet bloc nations that were seeking admission. I do not include Ukraine in that.  Third, the Senator is absolutely correct that there is talk in and among, in Russia and among Russian leaders, about no second round.  The Senator then went on to say that under no circumstance should we give them a veto right over any security question. That is why I believe that the amendment he is considering would be very, very unwise. I think if he concludes it is not in our overall interest, and by that I mean including our relations with Russia not to have a second round, we should not have a second round. We should make that decision ourselves. We should not preempt that decision by essentially yielding to the concern expressed by Russian leaders today, because I respectfully suggest--and who knows whether the Senator and I will still be here; he may be, I may not--when the full integration of these three countries occurs, I predict to you there will be a very different circumstance in Russia 3 years from today than there is today. It is not static.  We assume that there is a dynamism of what is happening in the West and in Central Europe as if there is no dynamism in Moscow or in Russia. I acknowledge that could turn sour, but I think there is even a better chance it will turn positive.  I would not want us to preempt ahead of time, prematurely, unnecessarily, appearing to be yielding to the most conservative elements in Russia, giving them an upper hand in the debate in the Duma, by us going on record of first establishing the membership of three new countries, and in the same breath saying ``but we will not do anymore.'' I guarantee you if that occurs, I am prepared to bet any one of you that within a 24-hour period that the Duma is in session, you will have the allies of Mr. Zyuganov standing on the floor saying, ``If only Yeltsin had done what we did and told the Americans we would not stand for a second round,'' he would have gotten the result we got. I respectfully suggest that if you don't want to expand, make the case in here. If you don't want to expand any further, see to it that does not occur by importuning our President and this body, but not formally going on record at this time to say that, yes, these three, but no more for a time certain. So I hope that answers the Senator's question.  