 President, I say to the chairman of the full committee I will summarize my statement here, and when anyone is ready to go with an amendment, I will cease. But I willspeak on the overall supplemental, if I may.  I rise in strong support of the supplemental appropriation for troops in the Persian Gulf and for our troops in Bosnia. I want to say a few words about our policy in the Persian Gulf and then turn to a more detailed discussion, if I have time, of our SFOR mission in Bosnia.  Passing this supplemental appropriations sends an unequivocal message to Saddam Hussein that the United States is committed to thwarting his intent to threaten our national interest. Diplomacy backed by the credible threat of force has put the international inspectors back in business, and for the first time in 7 years these inspectors, Mr. President, are doing their work without hindrance. Maintaining our military force in the gulf is as important as anything else in keeping Saddam Hussein honest, although it is expensive and it is costly in many ways.  I know that some of my colleagues, including the senior Senator from Alaska, have expressed concerns about the willingness of our allies in the gulf to share the financial burden of our current deployment.  Many of these concerns are valid. We should expect our allies to support us militarily and otherwise, especially when our actions safeguard their interests. But I think it is equally important to recognize that we are in the Persian Gulf, first and foremost, to protect our own vital interests.  But I think it is equally important to recognize that we are in the Persian Gulf first and foremost to protect our own vital interests. First, we ignore at our peril the chemical and biological weapons programs of a leader with a demonstrated proclivity for using weapons of mass destruction. Second, whether we like it or not, sixty-five percent of the world's proven oil reserves are in Saddam Hussein's backyard.  None of us wants to hand over our energy security to the whims of a maniacal tyrant. But that is exactly what we would be doing if we withdrew our forces from the Persian Gulf.  Failure to approve this supplemental would lead Saddam to conclude that the United States is losing its resolve. He would resume his defiance in short order, and before long he would menace the region once again with chemical and biological weapons.  Now, Mr. President I want to discuss the mission in Bosnia.  By now the importance of the American-led SFOR mission in Bosnia should be manifest. The Dayton Accords of November 1995 ended three-and-a-half years of carnage and gave Bosnia and Herzegovina a roadmap for rebuilding a peaceful, civil society.  No one can dispute that it is the overall security environment created by the international community through SFOR that makes civilian progress possible.  Mr. President, several Members have already spoken this morning on the Bosnia amendment offered, and then withdrawn, by the junior Senator from Texas.  Had the Senator not withdrawn her amendment, I would have opposed it. If she offers it again on the Defense Appropriations bill, I will speak against it.  For now, however, I would make only two brief comments on the amendment before I turn to a more detailed discussion on our strategy in Bosnia.  First, mention was made of ``shifting goalposts.'' I quite agree, but the shifting has been done by the opponents of our involvement in Bosnia, not by President Clinton.  In an effort to prevent, then shorten, our Bosnia mission, the opponents complained that the Administration had not spelled out clear benchmarks, which, if met, would enable our troops to withdraw from Bosnia.  Now, my friends, he has given us these benchmarks. And what do the opponents of our Bosnia policy say? They say that he has shifted the goalposts by giving specifics. Give me a break!  Second, I understand that the Senator from Texas said that she didn't find the benchmarks to be very concrete. After having examined the conditions and benchmarks, I find her confusion rather puzzling. Therefore, I will now go into detail about them.  I have spoken frequently about the enormous progress that has been achieved in Bosnia since the cessation of hostilities and about the difficult tasks remaining ahead.  Today I will concentrate on showing that in voting to fund a continuation of the SFOR mission, we are not voting for an open-ended commitment.  Rather, the Administration has drawn up clear benchmarks, which, when met, will allow our troops to come home.  But, Mr. President, part and parcel of these benchmarks is interpreting them, and in this connection I will insist that the Senate is part of the process.  Mr. President, ten key conditions have been identified, each containing objectives and concrete benchmarks, which constitute our ``game plan'' in Bosnia.  These ten conditions are: 1. Military Stability; 2. Police and Judicial Reform; 3. Functioning National Institutions; 4. Reformed Mass Media; 5. Democratization and a Functioning Electoral Process; 6. Economic Reconstruction and Recovery; 7. Refugee Returns; 8. A Settlement for Brcko; 9. Resolution of War Crimes; and 10. International Organizations Able to Function without Military Support.  I would like to turn to the benchmarks for each of these conditions.  The precondition for all progress, of course, is the creation of military stability. The benchmarks of this first of the ten conditions include the maintenance of the ceasefire, weapons secure in their cantonment sites, and the arms control limits set since Dayton adhered to.  The special police forces must be disbanded or restructured and inter-entity arms control and confidence and security building measures adopted.  In addition, the American-run Train and Equip Program must be successfully completed, with a traditional support and sustainment arrangement with the Federation Army in place.  Second, the benchmarks for police and judicial reform require that all local police forces are restructured and ethnically integrated. Basic skills and human rights training must be completed so that the police can deal effectively and fairly with civil disturbances. Police academies with professional leadership must be functioning.  The intelligence services and the secret police must be stripped of all police functions, and an effective judicial reform program must be in place.  Benchmarks for attaining the third condition for troop withdrawal are in the governmental area. They include all outlawed pre-Dayton institutions having been dissolved. Foremost among these are the remnants of the Bosnian Croat so-called ``Herceg-Bosna.''  A functioning customs service and control over state revenues must be established, including transparency in budgets and disbursements. Funds must be flowing to national, not entity, institutions, which have permanent staffs and facilities in place.  The fourth condition for the withdrawal of our troops concerns the mass media. Its benchmarks begin with political parties being divested of their control of the broadcast networks. Entity and national-level media policy and regulatory structures must be in place. A new election law must guarantee that opposition parties have access to the airwaves. Independent media, already in existence, should be generally available throughout the country.  Benchmarks for the fifth condition, democratization and the electoral process, are particularly important. Local, entity, and national governments must be beginning to function transparently. Political parties will have to accept binding arbitration for the implementation of the results of contested local elections.  Bosnian electoral laws must be modified to meet the standards of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE). The September 1998 elections must be conducted in a free and fair manner, with the need for OSCE supervision reduced.  The sixth condition for withdrawal of American troops involves economic reconstruction and recovery. As benchmarks, agreement must be reached on a permanent national currency. Privatization laws must be drawn in line with Dayton. Major infrastructure including transportation, power grids, and telecommunications must be repaired and functioning.  The program of the International Monetary Fund must be in place with traditional lending programs begun.  The fundamental and emotional issue of refugee returns comprises the seventh condition. The property laws of both entities in Bosnia must comply with the Dayton Accords. Property commissions must be fully functioning. Both the Federation and the Republika Srpska must be participating in phased and orderly cross-ethnic returns.  The key cities of Sarajevo, Banja Luka, and Mostar must have accepted substantial returns of refugees and displaced persons, and the local police throughout Bosnia and Herzegovina must protect returnees, whatever their religion or ethnicity.  The thorny subject of Brcko comprises the eighth condition needed to be met before all troops can be withdrawn. An arbitration award must have been implemented without violence. As we know, Mr. President, in mid-March the arbitration award on Brcko was postponed for the third time.  Specific benchmarks for Brcko include local elections having been implemented, an integrated police force functioning, two-way refugee returns and ethnic reintegration continuing to progress, and job creation underway.  The ninth condition involves war crimes. All parties to the Dayton Accords, including entity justice authorities, must be cooperating with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY).  Local authorities must facilitate the apprehension of indictees.  The tenth and final condition necessary for withdrawal of American troops, Mr. President, concerns the relationship of Bosnia with international organizations. One benchmark is certification that local authorities and the entity armies are capable of assuming responsibility for demining operations.  Another is that the Office of the High Representative in Bosnia (OHR) demonstratres its authority to enforce inter-entity agreements without military back-up.  A third, more general, benchmark is that the OSCE, NATO, and the European Union develop more traditional relationships with Bosnia and Herzegovina.  Mr. President, I believe that these detailed conditions and benchmarks show conclusively that the Administration is not asking for an open-ended commitment. It has the exit strategy that critics have long been demanding.  One or two of the ten conditions, and several more of the individual benchmarks have already been met. Many others are well on their way to fulfillment. Many others are only just beginning to be implemented.  And, Mr. President, I would repeat my cautionary word that the fulfillment of such a detailed formulation leaves much open to interpretation.  If the Senate approves this supplemental appropriation for our troops in Bosnia--as I strongly believe it should--we have the right to insist that the Congress be consulted on an ongoing basis on how the implementation of these civil-military benchmarks is going and also that our NATO and other SFOR partners are continuing to shoulder their responsibilities.  The SFOR mission is of high national security importance for the United States.  We have every right to be pleased with the quite striking progress that has been achieved in Bosnia over the past year. Much remains to be done, and with the game-plan--the ``exit strategy'' if you will--that the Administration has provided, closer cooperation with Congress is possible.  I urge passage of this supplemental appropriation for both Iraq and Bosnia. I think that it is vital that the Senate and House pass this supplemental as soon as possible. The more expeditiously we act, the less our military readiness will suffer. The brave men and women serving in Bosnia and Iraq deserve to know that their missions are adequately funded by a proud Congress and not by cannibalizing important core military accounts.  For that, they should thank the Senator from Alaska, because he has been absolutely, positively--how can I say it politely--consistent in insisting that we undertake these missions without cannibalizing our core accounts.  Both of these missions further America's national security interests. They have achieved real results and what the Chairman of the full committe is suggesting is the way to go.  I compliment the chairman in being able to fend off the amendments put forward so far today. I wish him luck for the remainder of the process here.  I yield the floor.  