  Clearly, most of the 39 million children in this baby boomerang will never turn to crime and never turn to drugs. But equally clear, we will have a rising number of at-risk children, at-risk children who are at risk to turning to drugs, at risk of being the victims of violence, and at risk of turning to crime.  Let me offer two more figures to indicate the size of the problem we face in the next 10 years. Seventy-seven percent of women with high-school-age children are working moms--77 percent. And all told, about 14 million school-age children have working moms. In all likelihood, this means that these 14 million children will be leaving school after school, unless they come from affluent families, with no supervision after school until mom gets home.  That is not a criticism of moms working, it is a criticism of our failure to recognize the demographic change as well as the social change that has taken place in America.  For the rising number of at-risk children, I believe we have to discuss what has become a dirty word among Washington politicians, even though it is a word I hear over and over again from prosecutors and police chiefs and people in the juvenile justice system and what their solution to the violent problem is. It is prevention--prevention.  We must keep as many of these at-risk children as possible away from drugs and crime in the first place. In the most practical terms, that means keeping kids busy and supervised from 3 o'clock in the afternoon until the dinner hour. Those 3 hours represent about 12 percent of the day, about 20 percent of the hours that our kids are awake; and 40 percent of all juvenile crime that is committed in America is in those 3 hours.  That is why I strongly oppose--strongly oppose--the effort by my friend from Alabama to undo the good work that our friends on the Appropriations Committee have done. And I just want to warn my colleagues, as I was kidding one of the staff here, I do not speak often on the floor, but when I do, I guess I speak long.  But the truth of the matter is, there is nothing--nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing--more important to the economy, to the security, to the safety of this country than what we are going to do to prevent those at-risk youth who find themselves among those 39 million young people under the age of 10; that nothing--nothing--will affect our standard of living, our quality of life, more than how we deal with that issue.  I will be back on this floor at a later date and, over the next couple years, arguing that portions of that surplus that we are predicting will occur as a consequence of the policies of this administration and Congress--balancing our budget and moving to surplus--should be spent--should be spent--on crime prevention, crime enforcement, and on the prison system.  I thank my friend from Vermont for being so patient. And I thank my colleagues. I yield the floor.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  