 President, I find this absolutely astounding. Are my friends suggesting that the Russians were justified in marching into Latvia, Estonia, and Lithuania and annexing them in the name of preventing a ring from surrounding them? What in Lord's name are we talking about? No. 1.  No. 2. I have the map, and I am looking at the map. I am trying to figure where the ring is. But let's assume it is a ring. It seems to me, if it is a ring, it is a ring of freedom, a ring of freedom that tolls out and says anybody who wants to have it put on their finger can join and work it out, including Russia.  And Kaliningrad is a port, but if you look at the Kola Peninsula at the top of that map, which is considerably more armed, including with nukes, than Kaliningrad is, it happens to have shared for the last 40 years a border with a NATO country called Norway, about the same length of mileage.  Now, look, this is a bit of a red herring, as we used to say when you practiced law or in law school. What is this ring? We are not talking about Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia or Belarus or Ukraine or Romania now. That is not part of the debate today.  Now, if my friends are saying anyone who votes for expanding NATO to include Poland, the Czech Republic, and Hungary are tying this noose around the Russian neck, this iron ring, well, then, I don't quite get it. But if they are saying that if you vote for these three you must be saying you are going to vote for all 12 or 15 or whatever, well, then, that is not how it works. That is a fight for another day.  But I find this notion that Kaliningrad, which was awarded, if you will, to Russia after World War II, that subsequent to that the Russians were justified--they didn't say this; I am saying this--that the Russians were justified to assure that they could have access to this piece which was separated from their otherwise--we call them the contiguous 48--separated from their historic border, that they were justified in taking the freedom of the Lithuanians so they could have access, the Lithuanians are somehow out of line because they will, based on some notion of, apparently, religion or some just international pique of some kind, not allow Russian troops to march through their country and that makes them bad guys--the same troops that subjugated them for the last four decades. I don't find that a religious concern. I do not understand how that somehow makes the Lithuanians a little bit shaky. These are the people who for 40 years subjugated them, took away their national identity. And now just 7 or 8 short years after the wall is down they are somehow the bad guys because they will not allow Russian divisions to march from Kaliningrad to Moscow. Oh, my goodness.  And the other argument I am finding fascinating, the solemn commitment--it is a solemn commitment--we make if, in fact, we find ourselves saying that another member can join, we make a solemn commitment to them just as we did Germany, and the comparison is made between Poland and Somalia. We had no staying power in Vietnam and Somalia. I would respectfully submit that Vietnam and Somalia are not Central Europe; they are not Poland; they are not Hungary.  Implicit in the statement is if, in fact, tomorrow or the next day or the next year or the next decade someone invaded Poland again, we would, like the French, stand there with our thumbs in our ears and not respond, then I say we really have lost the meaning of what it means to be an American. That is what Europe did. They refused to make a solemn commitment to Poland. Then when they did make it, they broke it.  What I find an incredible leap here is, what commitment are we making in NATO that I hope every Senator on this floor would not make absent Poland being part of NATO? Is someone suggesting to me tomorrow--and this is not a possibility realistically, but if Russia decided to put 40 divisions back in Poland and the Senator from Oregon, presiding, stood up and said, ``We should respond,'' what do you think would happen on this floor? Well, I hope to God what would happen on this floor would not be what happened in the British Parliament, what happened in the French legislature, what happened in the other capitals of Europe. I hope we would not say, ``Oh, my goodness, no; maybe they have a historic right. Oh, my goodness, let's think about it. We will be making a commitment that is awful. Oh, my goodness, this is a dilemma.''  What is the dilemma? What is the dilemma? Or Hungary. By the way, I happened to notice on the map, I don't know that anybody is talking about Ukraine, including Ukraine. I don't know that anybody is talking about Belarus, including Belarus. I don't know that anybody is talking about Slovakia, including Slovakia as being members of NATO now or in the near term. It seems to me they somehow sit between that iron ring and that noble emerging democracy of Russia.  Look, I guess the thing that sort of got my goat a little bit here is that Americans do not have staying power. What they are really talking about is the Senator's generation and mine, Mr. President, that we do not have staying power. I will tell you about the staying power. The staying power of my friend's generation was real, but it was enviable because they didn't have to doubt whether or not what they were doing was saving the world. They didn't have to doubt whether or not what they were doing was, in fact, literally preserving the freedom of their wives and children back home in the old U.S.A. They didn't have to doubt that they were out there fighting one of the most miserable SOBs in the history of mankind.  But my generation went full of doubt and still went--and still went--never once having the solace of knowing the malarkey we were being fed about Vietnam approached the truth of what their generation was fed about Nazi Germany and fascism in Europe. But they went. I don't doubt the staying power of the American people. I doubt the wisdom of our leadership in the places we have asked them to stay. But if this implies that if there were--and there is no realistic prospect of this--but if there were an invasion of Poland or Hungary or the Czech Republic, not a border dispute, an invasion, that we would not respond, that we would haveto think about it, that there is any substantive difference today----  