 President, I will not take the time of the Senate to respond to all the Senator said. We have rehashed a lot of those things. I will just note that a 59-41 vote--I have been here a long time and I never thought that was a close vote. But let me say with regard to only one point, because a lot is not rehashed and lacking consequence, but we have debated it a lot. One point was raised that is new, and I thought it would be raised by someone.  The Senator from Iowa has just repeated the oft-heard assertion that the United States promised Gorbachev during negotiations on German unification that we would not expand NATO.  This is an important assertion. It is also historically incorrect.  Since opponents of NATO enlargement have taken to repeating this assertion as if it were true--most recently in a full-page advertisement in the New York Times, which contained other striking factual errors--I think it is imperative to set the record straight.  Both Robert Zoellick, a senior State Department and later White House official in the Bush Administration who drafted the famous ``Two-Plus-Four'' Agreement with the Russians in 1990, Eduard Shevardnadze, the current President of Georgia who was then Soviet Foreign Minister, have both made clear the no such promise was ever made.  There is nothing in the ``Two-Plus-Four'' Agreement about NATO expansion.  There is no secret addendum to the ``Two-Plus-Four'' Agreement.  U.S. Secretary of State James Baker did make a comment ``not one step further east,'' which has been intentionally or unintentionally misinterpreted as having precluded NATO enlargement.  In actuality, according to Mr. Zoellick, the drafter of the agreement, this remark was related to what would be the status of U.S. forces if a united Germany were part of NATO. That is, there would be no permanent stationing of American troops east of Germany, a position which did become official NATO policy as enunciated by the well-known statement of the North Atlantic Council on March 14, 1997:       In the current and foreseeable security environment, the      alliance will carry out its collective defense and other      missions by ensuring the necessary interoperability,      integration and capability for reinforcement rather than by      additional permanent stationing of substantial combat forces.  In fact, with possible NATO enlargement in mind, Zoellick made sure that the ``Two-Plus-Four'' Agreement did not foreclose the possibility of forces transiting Germany to reinforce Poland.  The September 12, 1990 Treaty precluded stationing NATO-integrated German forces on the territory of the former German Democratic Republic (i.e. East Germany) until after the withdrawal of Soviet forces. These agreements explicitly did not apply to the rest of Europe.  Any agreement on the future security arrangements of other European countries would have been inappropriate, since such countries were not part of the talks.  Mr. President, lest anyone believe that this is one-sided American historical analysis, I would like to quote from an article in The Reuter European Community Report of February 13, 1997 entitled ``West Made No Pledge to Moscow, NATO Told'':       Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze told NATO this week      that the West did not offer Moscow any guarantees about the      alliance's future during talks over German unification in      1990...       ...Shevardnadze's comments, made to NATO Secretary General      Javier Solana during a meeting in Tbilisi on Wednesday,      contradict Russian claims that NATO's enlargement plans      represent broken promises by the West.       Shevardnadze, who was Soviet foreign minister when Moscow      cut the deal in 1990 with Western powers opening the way for      unification, told Solana that the talks only concerned      Germany...       President Shevardnadze told the secretary general that      during those two-plus-four-talks, no guarantees had been      given concerning NATO enlargement...  Mr. President, the striking fact that the chief negotiators of German unification on both the Soviet and the American side have made categorical denials that any assurances were given about NATO enlargement should lay this specious claim to rest.  