 President, I rise today in opposition to the Bosnia amendment introduced by the junior Senator from Texas. Before I discuss the reasons for my opposition, I would like to commend the Senator for her continuing interest and involvement in U.S. foreign policy. The Senator is one of this body's most active Members, and while I have often opposed her legislative initiatives, which seemed to me unnecessarily to limit American involvement abroad, I value her enthusiasm and engagement.  The amendment that Senator Hutchison has proposed today sets arbitrary caps on our troop strength in Bosnia and micromanages their duties from the vantage point of Washington, D.C.--4,000 miles from Bosnia and Herzegovina! The amendment is fatally flawed.  Mr. President, the Hutchison amendment is predicated upon a false assertion: that the U.S. contribution to SFOR is inequitable and disproportionately large. I will return to that inaccurate claim in a moment.  Moreover, the amendment makes several incorrect claims about the current situation in Bosnia, for example that NATO forces participate in law enforcement activities there.  In circumscribing future activities, it also incorrectly implies that NATO forces are transferring refugees or that refugees are relocating in order to control the territory of the other Bosnian entity.  But, Mr. President, the core of my opposition to the Hutchison amendment is the same as was my opposition last month to the Thurmond amendment to the Defense authorization bill.  Put quite simply, if the United States wishes to remain the leader of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, then it must continue to lead!  Mr. President, leadership means being present in all aspects of NATO operations and sharing in the risks.  The Hutchison amendment is a prescription for ``NATO a la carte.''  By February 1999 it would allow exceptions in Bosnia to the arbitrary troop limits in Bosnia only for self-protection as we withdraw our forces, to protect U.S. diplomatic facilities, or in advisory support roles.  That might work for a junior member of the Alliance, but not for the United States of America. Not for the leader of NATO.  Let me return to the false assumption that underlies the Hutchison amendment--that our participation in SFOR is disproportionately large.  As a matter of fact, Mr. President, while the U.S. contribution to SFOR remains the largest single national contribution, the proportion of U.S. forces within NATO forces in Bosnia has declined dramatically since initial deployment in December 1995.  At the outset, U.S. troops made up fully one-third of IFOR. As a result of steady, measured reductions, U.S. participation has dropped to one-fifth of SFOR.  In other words, our allies and other SFOR partners have agreed to the U.S. taking disproportionate cuts in force numbers at each milestone, while continuing to accept U.S. command of the overall force.  At the current time, our European allies alone contribute more than three-and-one-half times the number of troops in SFOR than we do.  Attempting to lower the U.S. proportion to equal or below that of any single European ally would almost certainly cost us our command position. Some Members of the Senate might welcome such a development. I would not.  I want the United States to retain command of SFOR in order to ensure that the pace of implementing the Dayton Accords holds steady or accelerates.  I want the United States to retain command of SFOR in order to maximize the effectiveness and protection of the U.S. forces in Bosnia.  We are in Bosnia because helping to resolve the Bosnian problem is in our national interest.  As was repeatedly pointed out by this Senator and many others during the debate on NATO enlargement last spring, that is the reason we are in Europe at all.  In political, security, and economic terms, we are a European power. Our engagement in Europe, including Bosnia, is not a charity operation. Stability in Europe benefits us.  The European allies of the United States are playing a major role in Bosnia.  Because of our leadership role in NATO, and because of our superior logistical capabilities, we have maintained command of SFOR. This is how it should be.  Like my colleagues, I am in favor of the speediest fulfillment of the Dayton Accords so that Bosnia and Herzegovina will have a self-sustaining democracy and all foreign troops may be withdrawn. American command of SFOR is the best guarantee that we can rapidly achieve this goal.  The Hutchison amendment would, I submit, gravely undermine that American command in Bosnia and would set in motion a process that could ultimately result in loss of the position of SACEUR, the command of NATO land forces in Europe.  For all these reasons, I oppose the Hutchison amendment, and I urge my colleagues to join me in defeating it.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  Mr. President, I will take no more time. I know my friend from Arizona is about to make some comments.  Last spring this was a bad idea. Nothing has caused it to become a good idea in the summer. It was a bad idea then; it is a bad idea now. I hope it will be tabled.  Mr. McCAIN addressed the Chair.  