 President, I rise this evening on behalf of myself and my distinguished colleague from Delaware, Senator Bill Roth, to note the importance of a project at the New Castle County Airport in Delaware that involves the Federal Aviation Administration, and to ask the help of the managers of this bill.  In an extraordinary--and what is believed to be the first-of-its-kind offer--the owners of the New Castle County Airport--a bi-state compact known as the Delaware River and Bay Authority--has agreed to pay the approximately $5 million it will cost to construct and equip a new control tower. This facility will replace the 43-year old existing tower which does not meet federally-mandated safety and environmental standards.  The FAA, however, has now taken the position that not only should the Delaware River and Bay Authority finance the cost to design and construct a new control tower, but also pay $2.3 million for the FAA's overhead, equipment and administrative costs to oversee the project.  In addition, the FAA wants the sponsor to reimburse the agency $1 million for costs related to the relocation of the FAA's Very High Frequency radar system (VOR) at the Airport--even though the FAA's current lease indicates the FAA should bear such costs.  With the Airport sponsor willing to finance the significant cost of constructing a new control tower for the FAA, the agency should not impose additional overhead costs on that sponsor.  The owners of the Airport have worked diligently and cooperatively with the FAA for the past three years on this project, but continue to encounter further financial demands and bureaucratic delays.  Clearly, this new control tower will help the FAA. Not only will the FAA get a new, state-of-the-art tower at no cost, if the New Castle County Airport is able to expand, it will help the FAA solve the growing problem of air traffic congestion at major commercial airports in Philadelphia, Baltimore and New York.  We believe it is in the best safety interests of all parties--the FAA, the Delaware River and Bay Authority, and most importantly the flying public--that this critical airport in Delaware be allowed to construct a new control tower facility for the FAA, without additional financial demands and delays.  It's our understanding that the House Appropriations Committee Report accompanying the FY'99 Transportation Appropriations bill specifically directs the FAA to assume the approximate $3.3 million in overhead costs. I rise today to bring this important issue to the attention of the Chairman andRanking Member and to seek your help in working to include this House language in the Conference Report.  