 President, there is no more complex issue than the financial cost of NATO enlargement.  Over the past two years there have been several studies by private and by governmental organizations, which have yielded widely differing estimates.  The highest figure reached one hundred twenty-five billion dollars over ten years, with over thirty billion of that accruing to the United States. The most recent--and I believe the best--estimate is NATO's own cost study, which estimates only one-and-a-half billion dollars in direct costs over ten years. According to the latest estimate, the expected U.S. contribution to the direct costs of enlargement are estimated to average forty million dollars per year for ten years.  There are good reasons for the vast disparities in the estimates--basically there was a lot of ``apples and oranges'' mixing going on.  Explaining all this requires a fair amount of effort, which, I regret, some of the critics of enlargement either were unwilling to give, or which they eschewed for the easier route of utilizing unexplained, raw data for partisan purposes.  Mr. President, at this time I would like to examine the cost issue.  The 16 NATO nations collectively spent about $455 billion on defense in 1997. Of that total approximately $1.6 billion goes to the NATO common budget.  What does the NATO common budget pay for? Let's take the airbase at Aviano, Italy, as an example.  The host country, Italy, maintains an airbase that has been designated for NATO use. Italy pays for all costs related to the base except new construction and improvements that benefit the United States Air Force units stationed there. These improvements, above and beyond the national needs of Italy, comprising some $260 million, are paid for by NATO's common budget.  One of NATO's founding principles was (and remains) equitable cost sharing--that is, nations make financial contributions to offset costs based on their ability to pay.  In the 1950's, the U.S. paid almost 50% of NATO's operating costs. In the 1960's, however, our European allies assumed about half of the original U.S. contribution in recognition of our worldwide security commitments.  Since then, our overall national contribution to NATO's three common budgets has been reduced to about one-quarter. Our allies account for the other three quarters of NATO operating costs.  We participate in NATO at a reduced rate, but we receive security benefits that far outweigh our financial contributions.  Let's take a closer look at where our annual contributions to NATO's budget go.  NATO has three budgets, each supporting a distinct aspect of NATO operations.  NATO's Civil Budget pays for the operating costs of NATO's modest, 1960's-vintage headquarters building plus associated staff in Brussels.  Additionally, there are numerous public information, political, and scientific activity programs supported by this budget, including civilian elements of NATO-sponsored Partnership for Peace activities.  The annual U.S. contribution is provided by the State Department.  NATO's Military Budget provides support for NATO's military headquarter (SHAPE) in Mons, Belgium, and other elements of the integrated command structure.  This budget also supports operations of several key NATO military agencies, like the NATO Maintenance and Supply Agency, the NATO C3 Agency, for example, and the costs of running the NATO AWACS fleet.  Annual contributions are paid from Department of Defense Operations and Maintenance funds.  NATO's Security Investment Program pays for construction of the facilities and installations NATO uses to support alliance military activities, such as command structure C3 support, force mobility projects, and training facilities--in other words, infrastructure.  It is also used to support common-user procurements to meet priority military requirements set by SACEUR and SACLANT, like integrated air defense and interoperable communications systems.  U.S. contributions to this budget are obtained from Department of Defense Military Construction funds.  As I said, the U.S. pays approximately one-quarter of the overall NATO common budget.  If there were no enlargement in 1999, we would still expect to pay about $458 million.  Now let's turn to the costs of enlargement. NATO has estimated that over 10 years, the cost to the NATO common-funded budgets will be about $1.5 billion.  While the amount may not be distributed evenly over 10 years, let's accept for the sake of discussion that it will.  This means that the U.S. quarter-share will be about $400 million over 10 years, or about $40 million a year.  This represents only a 9% increase in our total contribution to the NATO common-funded budgets.  Bearing in mind that the U.S. share of NATO's common-funded budgets represents only one-tenth of one percent of the current defense budget, I believe that enlargement expenditures are a pretty good deal.  The key questions for us should be: Is the $1.5 billion figure accurate? What is the U.S. share? and Is the U.S. share a fair share?  Anyone who has looked at this issue would, I believe, agree that it is extremely confusing.  There are lots of numbers out there on enlargement costs in addition to the $1.5 billion.  You will recall that the Administration told us in February 1997 that the total cost of enlargement would be about $27 to 35 billion.  Let's look at those numbers.  First, as the General Accounting Office (GAO) has pointed out, the Administration's estimate included two categories of costs that are not direct enlargement costs.  The first was costs to current NATO members--$8 to 10 billion. These are the national costs the current allies needed to spend to meet their commitments under the revised 1991 Strategic Concept to improve their mobility, reinforcement, and power projection capabilities.  They would incur these costs even if NATO did not enlarge.  That's why GAO said the Administration made a mistake in including them in the February 1997 estimate.  The U.S. has already met its power projection requirements, so we would not have additional costs in this area.  The second figure in the February 1997 estimate, which is not counted in the final NATO study, represented the costs to new members to restructure and modernize their militaries--$10 to 13 billion.  They would incur these costs even if they did not join NATO.  Once again, this is why GAO said the Administration goofed in including these costs in their February 1997 estimate.  This leaves us with $9 to 12 billion in direct enlargement costs.  Of this $9 to 12 billion, the Administration said in February 1997 that about 60% would be eligible for NATO common funding.  The rest of these direct enlargement costs would be picked up by the new members.  For example, there is the procurement of something called Identification of Friend or Foe (IFF) gear--you need to have it if you're in the Alliance--but NATO common funding won't pay for it.  60% of $9 to 12 billion is about $5.5 to 7 billion.  This is the number we should start with when comparing the NATO estimate of common-funded costs of $1.5 billion.  What accounts for the difference? $5.5 to 7 billion versus $1.5 billion?  I just talked about the top half of this chart * * * above the dash line.  Let's focus on why the Administration's $5.5 to 7 billion estimate and NATO's $1.5 billion estimate are different.  First, there is the matter of four versus three new members. The Administration did its estimate several months before the decision in Madrid. The extra member counts for about $1.1 billion. That brings us down to $4.9 to 6.2 billion.  The February 1997 estimate did not have the benefit of detailed responses by the three to NATO's Defense Planning Questionnaire (DPQ) or the benefit of site visits to the three countries' facilities conducted by SHAPE military experts.  The infrastructure turned out to be much better than expected. This is a key point. In February 1997, we thought we had a lot of work to do to bring airfields up to NATO standards.  The reality is that a number of the Polish, Czech and Hungarian airfields are in very good shape. The earlier Administration assumptions about the capacity of the airfields to host NATO aircraft were incorrect.  For example, during Partnership for Peace exercises, a Hungarian airbase successfully hosted a Dutch F-16 squadron, that is, the Dutch F-16s landed, were serviced and refueled, and took off again.  With regard to funding eligibility: The Administration assumed NATO would pay for some works that NATO later determined were national responsibilities.  There were also some pricing differences. The U.S. used generalized cost factors and pricing, while NATO used by-item, historical cost data from their files.  While there were some military requirements differences between the U.S. and NATO studies, these were modest and not operationally significant. What are we getting for $1.5 billion? Is it the right set of requirements? The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff says it is. What are those categories?  C31 Requirements include: Cross border connections, transmission media, terminal and security equipment; Upgrades to military headquarters interface equipment; C2 info systems, including the NATO-specialized functional area sub-system; and a NATO satellite communications (SATCOM) terminal for Hungary.  Air Defense Requirements include: Air Sovereignty Operations Center communication links to airfields; NATO air defense ground environment C2 sites; Interface to the NATO Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS); Installation of Combined Air Operations Centers in Hungary and Poland; Upgraded air defense radars; and Air Command and Control System acquisition.  Necessary reinforcement improvements (land, air & maritime facility upgrades) include: Tactical fighter airfields; An AWACS and air-refueling forward operating base; Rail and storage facilities for land reinforcement; Petroleum, oil and lubricant facilities; and Maritime facilities.  Training and exercise improvements include: Upgrades to air and ground communications, Tank and vehicle wash facilities, Movement costs for new allies' exercise participation, and Costs for minor construction and administrative travel.  Now I would pose the question: are these the right requirements.  I have confidence in the positive assessment of these requirements given by General Shelton, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  The Department of Defense has assured us that the scenarios which these requirements have been planned against include robust assumptions.  These assumptions have changed from the Cold War assumptions of about 40 to 60 divisions coming across the border with less than 24 hours' warning, to scenarios of 10 to 20 divisions with 60 to 90 days' warning.  We can discuss the specifics in a classified setting.  But I am satisfied that the requirements are based on reasonable assumptions, and that they include sound, worst-case analyses, given the current security environment.  To sum up, the most recent NATO estimate of the direct costs of enlargement appears to be sound.  The annual costs of NATO enlargement to the United States are real, but they are affordable, constituting only a tiny fraction of our annual defense expenditures. For them, we gain three loyal allies with a quarter-million troops. The costs are, in short, a bargain.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  