 President, I would like to point out, with regard to the military credibility of NATO raised by my friend from New Jersey, in terms of protecting Poland, I remind him, West Berlin was militarily indefensible but the Warsaw Pact never attacked. Why? Because the Soviet Union knew what would happen.  The third point I would make is with regard to the 3-year pause.  The clearest reason this amendment is superfluous is in the Resolution of Ratification itself, Section Two, Paragraph Seven. There it clearly states that the U.S. has not consented to invite any state other than the three before us today, and that many subsequent decision to do so would rest on that state's ability to fulfill the obligations of membership, as well as serve the overall political and strategic interests of NATO and the U.S.  Further, Article X of the North Atlantic Treaty declares, and as the July 1997 Madrid NATO Summit Declaration repeats, that the door to NATO membership is open to other European states able to further principles of the treaty and to contribute the security of the North Atlantic area. Each applicant country will be judged on its merits.  Moreover, in the Resolution of Ratification before us, Section 2, Paragraph 7(A)(iv) requires prior consultation of the Senate by the President before the United States can support the invitation of any new member, and recalls that ratification of any new NATO ally requires the advice and consent of this body.  To mandate a pause would tie NATO's hands should an obviously qualified applicant such as Austria applies for membership. For the moment, it appears that the Austrian government has decided against applying for membership, but that could change after elections next year.  In fact, Austrian public opinion is already changing. Earlier this month when the Austrian public was informed of NATO's Article 5 guarantees, for the first time in a national poll a majority of Austrians said that Austria should abandon its neutrality and join NATO.  So if the Austrian government decides to follow public opinion, would we then want to tell the Austrians, ``Sorry, no applications accepted until the year 2002''?  As you know, many, including myself, believe that Solvenia already meets the criteria for NATO membership. I supported its entry in this first wave. There is every indication that Slovenia will be ready to join the Alliance within the next three years.  To mandate a pause would take the urgency off the reform efforts that nations such as Bulgaria and Romania have stepped up, at great short-term cost to their standard of living, precisely because they want to make themselves NATO-qualified for the next wave.  Even Slovakia, a long-shot applicant because of its poor record on democratization and privatization, may have a dramatic turn-around as a result of national elections this fall.  Such a decision would make NATO look like it can't be trusted to judiciously apply its own criteria; namely, that it cannot tell when and whom to invite to become new allies. This is no policy for a great nation like the United States or a great alliance like NATO.  Secretary of State Albright told the Foreign Relations Committee on February 24 that just the possibility of joining NATO has inspired declared applicants to accelerate reform, to reach out to their neighbors, and to reject the destructive nationalism of their region's past.  As one of many examples of this, Latvia, Lithuania, and Belarus signed in March a border agreement paving the way for a final demarcation of the 500-kilometer Baltic-Belarusian frontier.  Given these accomplishments, Secretary Albright warned:       A mandated pause would be heard from Tallinn to in the      north to Sofia in the south as the sound of an open door      slamming shut. It would be seen as a vote of no confidence in      the reform-minded governments from the Baltics to the      Balkans. It would diminish the incentive nations now have to      cooperate with their neighbors and with NATO. It would      fracture the consensus NATO itself has reached on the open      door. It would be dangerous and utterly unnecessary since the      Senate would, in any case, have to approve the admission of      any new allies.  There are many foreign policy experts who share these views. But let me quote one concerned American who urged me to oppose this amendment.  David Harris, Executive Director of the American Jewish Committee, wrote to me on March third, stating:       Last June 26, we [the American Jewish Committee] observed      that an enlarged NATO will mean greater security and      stability and also hasten the political and economic      integration of Europe. An expanded NATO means greater      stability and security for Central Europe, a region that was      the cockpit for the two world wars that brought such horror      to the world--and to the Jewish people.       For many of the same reasons we supported NATO expansion we      now oppose any effort to mandate a pause in initiating      procedures for a second round of its enlargement.       States throughout Central Europe that hope for eventual      membership would feel that the open door enunciated at Madrid      had been slammed shut in their face.       At a minimum these states would be discouraged, and a pause      might lead to instability in the region. Hardliners in the      Russian Federation would find vindication.  Supporters of this amendment appear to believe that they are stopping a runaway train of immediate NATO membership for every state from Croatia to Kazakhstan.  They seem to be unaware that not every European state has declared an intent to join NATO. In particular, Ukraine, at its March 26 meeting with NATO officials, restated its view that while it ``does not rule out'' joining the alliance, such a move is currently unrealistic.  Ukraine issued three conditions for joining NATO: (1) decisive public opinion in favor of accession; (2) interoperability of its armed forces with those of NATO members; and (3) a guarantee that its accession would not harm relations with neighboring states, particularly Russia.  Recognizing that we already have all the control we need over the speed and choice of future NATO members, I urge my colleagues to vote down this amendment.  