 President, included in the manager's package of amendments to the higher education bill is a resolution I introduced last March on binge drinking on college campuses.  This was the same resolution that was introduced in the other body by Representative Joe Kennedy--and virtually the same as what was adopted by the other body in its version of the Higher Education Act.  I want to take a few minutes to talk about my resolution--and why this issue is so important. But, first, let me thank Senators Kennedy, Dodd, Jeffords, and Coats for accepting the resolution.  Let me also thank Representative Joe Kennedy, who came up with the idea for this resolution and has long been trying to bring alcohol-related problems to the attention of Members of Congress.  And, finally, let me thank the Center for Science in the Public Interest, which endorsed the resolution early on and has worked tirelessly to get it passed.  Mr. President, I think every one of my colleagues has heard or read about college students across the country--from Louisiana to Massachusetts to Virginia--who fell drunk out of dorm room windows or consumed so much alcohol, so fast that it literally poisoned them.  There were at least 18 such deaths this last academic year.  And, Mr. President, I think every one of my colleagues saw the news reports from this past spring on the riots--yes, riots--on several college campuses across the country--from Washington to Michigan to Ohio.  We saw police wearing riot gear; carrying shields; and firing tear gas into throngs of drunk college students.  These riots were either alcohol-induced--parties that got out of control--or were based on a peculiar notion--that underage college students should have a right to get drunk.  That's what binge drinking is. There is a technical definition for the academics who study this problem--and I'll talk about that in a minute. But, in layman's terms, binge drinking is simply the idea that you drink to get drunk, or, as a recent article in the Washington Post magazine put it, it is where ``drinking isn't part of the party; it is the party.''  And, binge drinking is, according to many university presidents, the biggest problem facing America's colleges today.  Let me repeat that. The biggest issue facing America's colleges--according to many college president's themselves--is not raising money for the university. Not ensuring high academic standards. Not finding top quality faculty. No, it's binge drinking.  There is a reason for that. And, it has to do with more than just the 18 college students who died this last year--tragic as that is.  According to a study by Harvard University, 44 percent of college students are binge drinkers--that is, technically, for men, consuming five drinks in one sitting during a 2-week period, and for women, consuming four drinks in one sitting.  Again, 44 percent of college students are binge drinkers.  Nearly one in every five college students is a frequent binge drinker--that is, binge drinking three or more times in a 2-week period.  And, almost half of all freshmen--18 year olds--binge in their first week at school.  But, it even goes deeper than that--deeper than the 18 deaths; deeper than the 44 percent of students who are binge drinkers.  The reason that binge drinking is the most important issue facing colleges today is because binge drinking affects everyone on campus--even those college students who do not during--and even the majority of college students who are not binge drinkers. They are all affected by those who are.  Talk to a student who lives in a dorm room next to someone who drinks a lot, and I can guarantee you that he or she does not get many peaceful nights of sleep--and does not get many peaceful moments to study.  The greater the number of binge drinkers at a school, the greater the chances are that a student will be hit, pushed, insulted, assaulted--and of being the recipient of an unwanted sexual advance.  And, alcohol is involved in most campus rapes, violent crimes, student suicides, and fraternity hazing incidents. Many of the victims of these crimes are not the ones doing the drinking.  You know, we have heard a lot in the last decade or more about the connection between alcohol and car accidents, where those who die or are injured are often innocent victims who were not drinking.  And, there has been a great effort--led by Mothers Against Drunk Driving, a group for which I have the highest respect--to educate the public and prevent the tragedy.  But, there is also a growing body of evidence showing a link between alcohol and other crimes and irresponsible behaviors.  There is a link between alcohol and unsafe sex; between alcohol and suicide; between alcohol and rape; between alcohol and violence.  And, nowhere is this link more prevalent than on college campuses.  Unfortunately, there are many people out there--including many officials on college campuses--who look at binge drinking by college students as just part of the ``campus experience''--as just some ``rite of passage'' to adulthood.  Well, I make no apologies for saying that drinking yourself to death is no ``rite.'' It's just plan stupid.  And, I make no apologies for saying that those who overlook the problem are contributing to it.  It is time for the culture on college campuses to change--before someone else's son or daughter becomes another statistic.  We need to bring the problem of binge drinking among college students to the attention of the American people--to educate them and to prevent the tragedies associated with it--just as we have done with drunk driving.  So, Mr. President, my resolution would call on all college and university presidents to recognize and acknowledge the problem--and then to find solutions.  Specifically, my resolution expresses the sense of the Senate that every college and university president should carry out six specific activities to reduce alcohol consumption on college campuses.  (1) To appoint a task force to establish a policy on reducing alcohol and other drug-related problems;  (2) To provide students with the opportunity to live in an alcohol-free environment;  (3) To enforce a zero tolerance policy on the consumption of alcohol by minors;  (4) To eliminate alcoholic beverage-related sponsorship of on-campus events;  (5) To enforce vigorously a college's disciplinary codes against those who violate campus alcohol policies; and  (6) To work closely with the local officials in the town in which the college is located.  Mr. President, these activities are very similar to what is currently happening at the University of Delaware under the leadership of President David Roselle.  They need to happen on every college campus in America.  Now, there are some who say that this is just a sense-of-the-Senate resolution--it just expresses our opinion. True. But, Mr. President, we must start somewhere.  I believe that if we begin to take the problem seriously--and if colleges begin to seriously address the problem--we can begin to make a difference.  The lives of students can be saved--and the quality of life on our college campuses will be better.  Again, I thank my colleagues for their support and for including my resolution in the bill.  