 President, I thank the distinguished Senators from New Mexico and Nevada for including an idea that I proposed in the managers' amendment to the energy and water appropriations bill. I am confident that together we will lessen the risk that former Soviet scientists will help any rogue state to build nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.  This amendment does two things. First, it earmarks an additional $15million for the Department of Energy's Initiative for Proliferation Prevention, or IPP, program which was unfairly cut from the President's budget request. And second, it earmarks start-up funds for the ``nuclear cities'' initiative that was endorsed by both Vice President Al Gore and Russian Prime Minister Chernomyrdin.  Initiatives for Proliferation Prevention, or IPP, is a program that creates employment opportunities for former Soviet arms specialists by helping them develop their ideas for commercially viable goods and services. As an idea reaches fruition, IPP brings the arms specialists into joint ventures with outside investors, who gradually take over the funding. For example, thanks to IPP, a U.S. firm is working with Ukrainian scientists to develop and market a device for decontaminating liquids. This device will enable the Ukrainian dairy industry to produce fresh milk despite the lingering effects of the Chernobyl reactor meltdown.  IPP had a slow start. It is hard to come up with really viable commercial ventures, to find investors, and to make sure they can invest safely.  The executive branch thought that IPP had unspent funds from past years. So they cut its budget by 50 percent--down from $30 million to $15 million.  But IPP has begun to take off. As of this April, 15 projects had achieved completely commercial funding and 77 had found major private cofunding. As a result, IPP does not have unobligated funds lying around.  Now is not the time to cut the IPP program. Rather, we should encourage IPP and the many weapons specialists in the former Soviet Union who are searching for new careers in the civilian economy, by maintaining IPP's funding stream.  The ``nuclear cities'' initiative is an effort to improve employment opportunities for Russian personnel from their nuclear weapons labs and manufacturing facilities. This initiative, too, will focus on finding commercially viable projects and bringing in outside investors. The challenge is to find projects that can work at these somewhat isolated cities, which are more or less the Russian equivalent of Los Alamos.  When we fun the ``nuclear cities'' initiative, we get two benefits. First, Russia's Minister of Atomic Energy has announced that they will downsize their nuclear weapons establishment. And second, by providing civilian job opportunities for the personnel who are let go, we will help protect against Russian weapons specialists going off to work for programs in states like Iran, Iraq or Libya.  The ``nuclear cities'' initiative was developed by a group of U.S. and Russian specialists, and was endorsed at the last meeting of the Gore-Chernomyrdin commission. Later this spring, Energy Secretary Pena and Russian Atomic Energy Minister Adamov also endorsed it.  According to the group that developed this new initiative, it can usefully spend up to $30 million in fiscal year 1999. I don't know how much the executive branch will want to devote to ``nuclear cities,'' but my amendment gives them the opportunity to fund a realistic program.   By earmarking funds both for the ''nuclear cities'' initiative and for the IPP program, moreover, we make sure that the price of the new initiative will not be the death an existing program. If there is clear overlap between the IPP program and the ``nuclear cities'' initiative, such overlap should be eliminated. But I have the distinct impression that there are excellent IPP projects that will have nothing to do with Russia's ``nuclear cities,'' and such projects should not be sacrificed.  Once again, I thank and congratulate the senior Senator from New Mexico and the senior Senator from Nevada. They have given us a fine example of bipartisan cooperation and effectiveness.  