 President, from a strictly American foreign policy viewpoint, requiring EU membership first is sheer folly. Why would we want to place such a key element of our national security decisionmaking in the hands of the European Union--an organization to which we do not belong?  Already we are seeing the EU members disagreeing over how quickly those invited should be allowed in.  To give the EU, in effect, a veto over NATO membership, might encourage the creation of an EU caucus within NATO, limiting the United States'ability to advance our diplomatic and military goals in the committees of the Alliance.  Moreover, advocates of this amendment have misunderstood the importance of NATO membership prior to EU membership, both from a policy and historical context.  From a policy perspective, NATO membership in advance of EU membership will provide the security these countries need to continue their economic reforms and help to ensure a climate of confidence essential for continued foreign investment and economic integration.  From a historical perspective, in all its reports on all three rounds of NATO enlargements that took place from 1952 to 1982, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee cited European economic development and integration as one key benefit of expanding NATO's zone of stability.  I would like to briefly quote from these Senate Foreign Relations Committee reports:  1949 Report establishing NATO:       The treaty is designed to contribute toward the further      development of peaceful and friendly international relations,      to strengthen the free institutions of the parties and      promote better understanding of the principles upon which      they are founded, to promote conditions of stability and      well-being, and to encourage economic collaboration. It      should facilitate long-term economic recovery through      replacing the sense of insecurity by one of confidence in the      future.       The Committee believes that the [1949] North Atlantic Pact,      by providing the means for cooperation in matters of common      security and national defense, creates a favorable climate      for further steps toward progressively closer European      integration * * *  In 1952, Secretary of State Acheson, in his testimony before the Foreign Relations Committee, urged NATO membership for Greece and Turkey first by recalling that these two nations already enjoyed an associate status with NATO's activities in the Eastern Mediterranean. It was in response to Athens' and Ankara's formal request--their belief that associate status was inadequate to their national defense needs--that they were favorably considered for NATO membership. Acheson emphasized that positive action rested not only on their military contributions to the Alliance, but on their advances in democracy, rule of law, and Western orientation, and the likelihood that NATO membership would deepen this.  It should be noted that Greece did not enter the European Union until nearly twenty years after its accession to NATO. Turkish membership in the EU remains a contentious, unresolved issue. Are we supposed to kick Turkey out of NATO because it doesn't belong to the EU?  The 1955 Foreign Relations Committee report welcomed West German accession:     * * * not only as a major step toward the elimination of      intra-European strife but in a broader sense, these      agreements provide the foundation for close cooperation and      integration among European allies . . . The Committee was      impressed in particular with Secretary Dulles' statement on      the psychological impact of this association--the increased      effectiveness and the sense of unity and cohesion which will      be brought about in Western Europe by German participation in      NATO and the Western European Union.  Of all the examples, the last one--Spanish accession to NATO in 1982--bears the closest resemblance to that of the current applicants.  Spain, having returned to democracy only five years earlier, believed that NATO membership would help consolidate Spanish democracy and assist, at lesser cost, a process of military modernization it had to undertake regardless of membership.  Aside from its geography, Spain was judged to offer little in the way of military assets useful to the Alliance in 1982 prior to the completion of its modernization.  Nevertheless, in favorably reporting Spanish accession to NATO to the full Senate, the Foreign Relations Committee recorded a brief exchange between then-Chairman Charles Percy and then-State Department European Bureau Chief Larry Eagleburger explaining why Spanish accession to NATO was so important to broad U.S. national security interests. Because this exchange is so similar to our situation today, I would like to quote from it. Chairman Percy noted:       At a time when NATO's cohesiveness and viability is being      critically questioned in the press, I find Spain's NATO      membership application a reaffirmation of the fundamental      principles of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, a group      of sovereign nations sharing common values and aspirations      and committed to working together despite differences to      guarantee the security, prosperity, and defense of Western      democracy.  Assistant Secretary Eagleburger replied:     * * * in terms of that question of Spanish democracy, it is      terribly important that we do everything we can to tie Spain      to Western institutions, to have those people be able to deal      with Western parliamentarians who also have a commitment to      democracy * * * Every tie we can create between Spain and      Western Europe and the United States, institutional tie, in      fact, I think, strengthens the whole process of democracy in      Spain.  Spain did not enter the EU until 1986, four years after accession to NATO.  Historically, membership in NATO has preceded membership in European common market or economic integration groupings.  It is much easier to develop habits of cooperation in common defense as a precursor to the much more complex negotiations leading to economic integration.  If we wait for the EU to act, we may be waiting for a long time. For example according to recent polls, the Austrian public opposes EU membership for four of the five recent EU invitees.  Finally, recent history has shown that, in European capitals, when presented with a choice between farm policy and foreign policy, farm policy always wins.  For all these reasons, Mr. President, I oppose the Moynihan amendment and urge my colleagues to do so.  