 President, I admire and applaud the interest of my friend from Alabama in the criminal justice system. He is a former prosecutor and is dedicated to law enforcement. I stand not to disagree with his concern; I disagree with his solution. There is on old expression where I come from--I think the Senator is ``in the right church, but he is in the wrong pew.''  I will explain what I mean by that. My friend has not misrepresented any facts, but it is a matter of presentation here. I want to make sure that I deal with 3 major issues. I want to lay out to my colleagues what I am going to do. First of all, I want to applaud the chairman and ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee here. I think they did one heck of a job on this legislation. I start off by rising to defend--not that they need any defense--what the appropriations bill does in this area. So I am going to first make sure we all understand, and our colleagues' staffs who are listening understand, what the amendment of my friend from Alabama actually does, in specific terms. Then I want to speak to the issue he has raised, which is that there are already a sufficient number of programs dealing with prevention. He cites the GAO study. I want to go into some detail, quite frankly, for the first time. These figures keep being offered and this assertion keeps being stated. I think, although it accurately says what the GAO report says, it does not accurately reflect what is actually being done relative to prevention. Lastly, I am going to conclude by laying out what I believe to be the larger prescription to putting into context what I think we should be doing to deal with the problem the Senator from Alabama and I--and I suspect every Senator--agrees that we have to attend to now.  I respectfully suggest that, at the outset, about 5 years ago when the crime bill passed--the comprehensive crime bill--it was called the Biden crime bill. That is when it didn't look like it was going to work, so the President liked it that way. Well, it started to work, and then it was the Clinton crime bill. So it started out as the Biden crime bill. The point is that it's working, so it is the Clinton crime bill. And it is now the bipartisan crime bill, which everybody supported.  That was the first time in the 25 years I have been here that, on a large scale, we learned to walk and chew gum at the same time when we dealt with crime. We had a very heavy dose of enforcement, a very heavy dose of prevention, and a very heavy dose of medicine relating to incarceration after the conviction. And I think that is the way we have to approach the issue of juvenile justice. It is the last unattended-to criminal justice issue of consequence that we have not come up with a comprehensive plan on.  The Senator from Alabama and I have been cooperating, debating, disagreeing, and working with one another in the Judiciary Committee for the last year and a half, with differing points of view on how to deal with a comprehensive juvenile justice approach. He indicates this is not that comprehensive approach. He is doing what is within his rights and what he is limited to be able to do on this appropriations bill, and that is deal specifically with what is in the bill.  So the committee reported a bill that now includes $95 million for title V grants under the juvenile justice office. The way the committee broke it down, wisely, was $20 million for prevention efforts, aimed at tribal youth--that is in the Indian nations; $25 million for the enforcement of under-age drinking laws and efforts, championed particularly by Senator Byrd of West Virginia; $50 million for the remainder, which supports a variety of community-based locally developed crime prevention programs, targeted to school violence, drug abuse, and truancy, which I think is the first thing the Senator from Alabama and the Senator from Delaware agree on. If you look at all the data, the single most significant, predictable precursor of youth violence is truancy. If you give me a list of all the truants and a list of all the other attributes relating to activities and conduct of students in American schools, I will bet you I will be able to pick any school district, any school, and identify for you 85 to 95 percent of the troubled youth, violent youth, just by being able to identify truancy. So we all know that, like the Senator from South Carolina who has spent a great deal of time dealing in this area, as has the Senator from New Hampshire. We all know that. They made a very wise allocation.  What would my friend from Alabama do with his amendment? He would cut the $95 million for prevention by $50 million. Then he would take that $50 million for so-called youth block grants. I am not opposed to youth block grants. In the Biden juvenile justice bill, which is the alternative on our side of the aisle to S. 10 by my friend from Alabama and others, what we do--we believe we have to have enforcement as well. The Senator from Alabama takes $50 million out, which is basically the $50 million dealing with after-school, community-based programs and puts it into enforcement efforts. Last year, $45 million was appropriated for this, and the Senator from Alabama, Senator Sessions, is cutting the program back to last year's level--that is, $45 million--for all of the nonenforcement provisions relating to prevention.  Now, I note parenthetically that the Democratic youth violence bill has $100 million for after-school prevention, $400 million for youth violence block grants, which is enforcement, and $250 million relating to existing programs, about one-half enforcement and one-half prevention, and $150 million for juvenile prosecutors in courts. So I want to put this into context. I don't speak for either of the managers of the bill, but my guess is that this is not a case where they attempted to write an entire juvenile justice bill. They were dealing with provisions within that. So I don't disagree with the proposition of my friend from Alabama that we have to do more on the enforcement side as well.  The bill I have written, in concert with my Democratic colleagues--and many Republicans as well support it--relates to both prevention and enforcement. When I say enforcement, I mean prosecution and the courts, and we have already taken care of provisions and have more provisions relating to juvenile justice detention and the facilities relating to that.  So let's get this straight as this debate is underway here. I am not suggesting, in taking on what I am about to do regarding the specifics of the present specific amendment of my friend from Alabama, that we don't need more for enforcement. Again, I go back to my opening statement. I said it is nice when we have learned--and it works--to walk and chew gum at the same time. That is what we did on the master crime bill, the major crime bill. I don't know of anybody saying that crime bill is a bad bill now. What we did there is we committed, over a 5-year period, billions of dollars--$30 billion. It did not break down a third, a third, and a third, but it was not far off that. I am overstating it in the interest of time. Roughly 30 percent was for prisons, 30 percent was for cops, and 30percent for related programs that keep people from going into prison. That makes sense.  Now, we should do that on a wholesale basis for juvenile justice with a different focus. Let me specifically respond and again make the point--and I realize I am being somewhat pedantic here. But this is not about whether you are for enforcement or for prevention. We should do both, and we do both. It is about whether or not the skewed alteration of the allocation of prevention and enforcement proposed by the Senator from Alabama is the right way to go. Obviously, I think it is the wrong way to go. Let me explain why. First, in explaining why, let me respond to the specific underlying, and on its face compelling rationale my friend from Alabama offers with his blue charts.  Let me explain what I mean by that.  The Senator makes the statement that has been made many, many times--not just by him but by others--that we don't need to go anymore into the prevention side. In large part, the basic premise rests upon the notion that we don't need to provide them with safe havens, et cetera, because we already have out there 131 programs for at-risk youth with an annual appropriations of $4 billion.  The Senator from Illinois actually knows about this subject. But if I am the Senator from Illinois and I come on the floor and listen to the debate, and I say, ``Look, the Senator from Illinois is one of these guys who is always talking about cutting wastes from programs that we don't need''--overlapping programs--I stand up, and I say, ``By the way, we don't need to spend more money, we just need to spend the money better.''  The GAO report says there are 131 Federal programs and $4 billion. So I ask the Senator from Illinois why he would agree with Senator Biden--or, in this case, with the committee--in putting $50 million of the $95 million they have in the prevention program. That is kind of compelling. Then I say the GAO said that, not me--the GAO. But the GAO does say that.  I am going to take a few moments to bore you with some of the data underlying the GAO report. Maybe we can get an agreement here as to what the facts are underscoring the basis upon which the GAO report was filed. My colleagues on the other side--some, and a few on this side--have been saying we don't need to do more to steer our children away from gangs and drugs; we don't need to provide more safe havens from the streets; we are already doing enough. I am supportive of the argument. GAO identifies 131 programs for at-risk youth with annual appropriations of $4 billion. And the claim is that after-school prevention programs that have been proposed by me and others included in the youth violence bill but included in this case in the appropriations bill are just more of the same.  Let's take a closer look at the 131 programs being criticized over and over again and see what we are really talking about.  I apologize to my colleagues. The ranking member of the Judiciary Committee has been kind enough to allow me to continue to be the ranking member of the Crime Subcommittee, and I feel like I let him down a little bit, because he has been doing about 500 other things out there in that committee, and I should have been calling what I am about to say to the attention of our colleagues 6 months ago, to be honest with you. And I didn't. I didn't. Let's take a look at it.  The GAO report says that based on fiscal year 1995--to start with, many of the 131 programs have already been eliminated since then. In fact, 15 of the programs listed didn't even receive any funds in 1995. The report doesn't indicate whether any funds were expended on 22 others. What you had to start with is that a total of 37 of the 131 programs either didn't receive funds or weren't listed. The number of 131 is already inflated, No. 1. You are talking about maybe around 100--less than 100 programs.  According to the GAO report, the Federal Government was spending about $4 billion per year on programs for delinquent and at-risk youth, a target that all of us on the floor are concerned about, from the Senator from Alabama to the Senator from New York to the Senators from New Hampshire and South Carolina. But when you take a close look at the actual programs, only a portion of these funds and programs are targeted specifically at preventing violence and drug abuse for young people.  Let me give you two examples: $1.2 billion of the $4 billion--let's get this straight.  You can tell I have been here 25 years because I am not a chart guy. I was kidding one of my Democratic colleagues saying that he does this so well when he debates. But guys like Bumpers, I, and Hollings are not so big on charts. We haven't learned the chart deal yet. I guess I should learn it to get into the mainstream, because if I had a chart, it would be clear. What I do is just talk longer and probably confuse things. But I am going to give it a shot without charts.  Let's start off with 131 programs being offered saying we have $34 billion spent on at-risk youth. The truth is, it is 97 programs, and that is 1995. The truth is, in 1995 you really only had, at most, about 97 programs that got funded at all. OK?  Then you have a second piece. Of those 97 programs that allegedly are targeted at at-risk youth--roughly 97--what you have is, $1.2 billion out of the $4 billion that is spent on those programs goes to the Job Training and Partnership Act. That was a program championed by a lead contender for the Presidential nomination of the Republican side, Dan Quayle, and the leading Democrat on the Senate side, Ted Kennedy. That is their program. When they introduced the program--and most of us were here--I don't remember any Member standing up saying this is for at-risk youth, designed to prevent crime. Hopefully, it has the spinoff benefit of providing jobs for kids and they don't go into crime. But this is not to deal with 36 million latchkey children who walk home after school without a mother or father there because both have to work and have from 2 in the afternoon or 3 in the afternoon until dinnertime with no supervision. That is not what the Job Training and Partnership Act was. But GAO counts $1.2 billion of that against the $4 billion they say we are spending on at-risk youth, violent youth.  I am sure I don't have to remind anybody that the so-called JTPA is a program, as I said, championed by Dan Quayle and Ted Kennedy, that while job training is important, it is not what most of us think of as targeting at-risk, violent juveniles.  Now we are down from $4 billion to $3.8 billion on 97 programs. There is another quarter of a billion dollars--not quite. To be precise, $245 million goes for vocational education programs. Most of the kids my friend from Alabama and I are concerned about are not signing up for vocational education, an important program. I strongly support it, as I do the job training program. But, again, no 13-year old with a key hanging around his neck after the school bell rings, walking through a bad neighborhood and by 12 junkies to get home, says, ``My way out of this is job training; my way out of this is vocational education.'' It is an important program, but it is not what we are talking about.  Now we are down to about $2.75 billion and 97 programs. Actually, if you take vocational education, job training, and the related programs, it is about $1.5 billion the Federal Government spends. We are really down to about $2.35 billion and 97.  Let's talk about some of the other programs. They go to very worthy activities. I am not in any way criticizing them. I voted for them, and I would vote for them again. I think they make sense. But they are not targeted programs for violent youth or at-risk youth.  Let me go on.  If we are going to talk about focus--that is what I am talking about here--7 of the programs listed are assistance for homeless youth, 9 of the programs--now we are down to about 90--9 others are very important, but they are for a variety of activities directed at Indian youth, for mental health and physical health programs. Now we are down to about 80 programs.  Three other programs are dedicated specifically to mental health services for the general population. Now we are heading down into the mid seventies. Four programs deal with child abuse. Still we are in the seventies--below 70. And one of the programs is for migrant health services. So now you are down to around 70 programs from the 131.  I will give you one example. The GAO list includes the HHS Child Welfare Grant Program which provides one-third of a billion dollars, $292 million, for foster care and services for abused and neglected children--very important services but not what we are talking about.  So now we are getting down to the $2 billion area with about 70 programs. Other programs have little or nothing to do with crime and drug prevention. While any line drawing that I am making here--and I am doing that--is somewhat arbitrary, at least I hope this puts it in context for my colleagues.  Let me give a couple other examples of programs that I don't think any of us--if we had a list of all the programs that I want, all the programs any of us want here to deal with youth prevention, if we listed them all on a board and I said, ``Pick the top 50 that deal with violent youth and preventing crime,'' I doubt whether you would add the Foster Parent Grant Program, the Food Stamp Employment Program, the Youth Impaired Driving Project, four programs for promoting art with youth--all important programs, all important, none of which I disagree with, but they do not have a darned thing to do with the center of the debate the Senator from Alabama and I have.  I want programs. I want the States to be able to say, ``We will keep the school open until 5 o'clock. We are going to have baseball teams for ninth graders and football teams and basketball teams for the girls.'' None of the school districts you all live in do that, unless you send your kid to a private school. These kids have nothing to do. Kids need an excuse to tell that junkie they have to walk by on the corner to get to their home; they need an excuse to stay out of trouble.  Let's go back home to your own school districts, many of which are strapped, and ask yourself, ``Why is it there is Little League in the summer but no baseball teams after school for boys and girls in sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth grades?'' Well, the school districts don't want to spend the money.  I am the guy who came to this floor 8 years ago and said, ``The majority of the violent crime committed by young people is not when you all think it is.'' Everybody thought it was done in the heat of the night. It is done in broad daylight, in the sunlight between the hours of 2:30 and 6.  I remember when I brought that report from the Judiciary Committee--actually, the credit goes to the joint staff then of the Judiciary Committee--when I brought it to the floor. ``Oh, there goes those liberal guys again, talking about this coddling stuff.'' Now there is not a cop in America, there is not a criminal justice person in America who doesn't say that is the problem.  My mom has an expression, as she would say, God love her--my mother is an Irish Catholic woman with 6,000 expressions. I went to Catholic grade school with the nuns. I think my mother, when she wasn't having children, was a nun. She remembers all the expressions. And one of her favorite expressions is, ``An idle mind is the devil's workshop.''  An idle mind is the devil's workshop. You get a ninth grade kid living in a tough neighborhood without supervision of any adult in a school, in a family, for 4 hours every day after school, and good kids, good kids do bad things; it is called maturation. What the heck do we expect these kids to do? They lack good judgment. Even when they know and care about right and wrong, they have bad judgment because they are 14 years old; they are not 24 or 54.  I ask all of you--you may be, and probably all are, a better person than I am, but I wonder how I would have been if every day after school for 4 hours a day I was on my own, on my own. I was a pretty good athlete, and I was a pretty good student, and I never got myself in trouble with the law. But I want to tell you something. I will bet you, if I was on my own, with all of the values my family instilled in me, I am not so sure I would have had the courage to say no to the guy who was 17 who says, ``Hey, jump in the car and take a ride with me. It's only Charlie's car. We borrowed it.'' I would like to think I would have said, ``No problem. That's wrong. You guys are doing the wrong thing. I am not going to participate.''  Let me tell you something, Jack. You are a better person than I am if you are certain how you would have done it. And that is how this incrementally starts. It doesn't start with a 13-year-old kid waking up saying, ``You know, I am going out and get a MAC-9, walk into the 7-Eleven, blow away the guy behind the counter, and get $17 in cash so I can go buy myself some dope.'' That is not how it works.  And so what are we doing here? Well, once you winnow out the programs for problems like child abuse and mental illness, once you exclude the programs directed at narrow populations, I believe that only 41 of the 131 programs in the GAO list, spending out at about $1.1 billion in appropriations a year, are targeted specifically at juvenile crime and drug prevention. And of that total of $1.1 billion, $639 million, over half, went to just two programs, one of which I am responsible for coauthoring, so I obviously support it, and the other which I support as well--over half went to just two programs; $467 million went to the Safe and Drug-Free Schools Act and community programs.  Now, the Safe and Drug-Free Schools Act is the act we passed here, got funded. Then 1 day I guess the Speaker woke up and said, ``We think that's a bad idea,'' and they cut it. The public went bananas, and they put it back in; it is OK. Of the $1.1 billion for at-risk youth, $467 million goes to the Safe and Drug-Free Schools Act, and my Republican colleagues boosted that appropriation last year to $556 million, a move I fully support and compliment the Republican leadership for doing, particularly since the House wanted to eliminate it.  So now you are talking, of the $1.1 billion, $639 million of it, over half of it, is going for programs that, again, are not about after school. Then $172 million of the remaining roughly $400 million went to the Upward Bound Program--important. It provides mentoring, tutoring, and life skill training. If my friend does not understand what work awareness is, work awareness is a lot of these kids grow up in a family with no sense, no notion, no responsibility, no image, no example of what work means. Unless something has happened, birds learn to fly by watching their parents, ducks learn to paddle in my pond watching their parents, snakes learn to slither, turtles learn to swim. Where the heck do you think we learn? Where do you think our kids learn? It is a good program, but it is directed at disadvantaged high school students, this $172 million in the Upward Bound Program, to encourage children--targeted at economically disadvantaged children--to continue their education. That is very important. It indirectly has an impact on crime. But, again, it certainly is not a targeted crime prevention program.  Then, of course, the GAO attributes about $146 million to 11 programs in the juvenile justice office, only a few of which are proposed to be consolidated in the Republican crime bill.  That is roughly $400 million for about 27 crime and drug prevention programs, some of which are tiny demonstration or pilot projects that cover no more than a handful of sites across the country and are designed to study what works and what does not. For example, in the list of that $400 million, $200,000 is for a demonstration grant program for residential drug treatment for women with young children--important, but, again, not what we are talking about.  So the impression given here that there are more than 130 Federal prevention programs designed to target at-risk youth is simply not an accurate reflection. In all of the cities and towns across America, and serving every child we can help, there are fewer than 40 programs for about $400 million. And what my friend from Alabama is saying, relying on the GAO report, is: You know, that is about as much as we can do. Government is already doing all it can and should do to stop kids from turning to gangs, crime, and drugs. But we have just seen many of the programs that are listed as targeted that, in fact, do not do that at all.  