 Does the Senator believe there is any more or less support on the part of the American people to defend Dresden than there is Warsaw? To defend Budapest than there is Florence? To defend any one of the countries that we are talking about, their cities, than any other European city? It seems to me that is the question. If we would not go, if we cannot get American staying power to defend Poland, then I respectfully suggest we cannot get American staying power to defend Germany.  I would think, in America, if you ask for a show of hands, so to speak, on a question of whether we should defend anybody--but the reasonable comparison was these NATO nations that are seeking admission versus NATO nations that are already in. To compare this to Iraq, with all due respect, is comparing very different things.  By the way, five votes were a close call. But in my father's generation it was one vote that allowed the draft. The British had already been pushed into the English Channel, all of Europe had already been conquered, Jews were already being slaughtered, and there were not a lot of people walking off this floor, or any other floor in this generation or any other generation, raising their hands to join. It was only after Pearl Harbor. I don't say that critically; I say that as an observation, a statement of history, historical fact.  So, this notion that the staying power in Somalia or even in the gulf should be equated to the staying power that would or would not exist in Poland, the Czech Republic or Hungary, I think is comparing two different things. I think the most appropriate comparison would be--and you may be right, Senator, that there is no staying power--but the staying power we would have to defend Germany, the staying power that we would have to defend Turkey, I will lay you out 8 to 5, you take the bet, if you took a poll in the United States of America and said you must send your son or daughter to defend one of the two following countries, Poland or Turkey, I will bet my colleague a year's salary they will say ``Poland.''  I will bet you a year's salary, and that is all I have. I have no stocks, bonds, debentures, outside income. I will bet you my whole year's salary. You know I am right. As Barry Goldwater would say, ``you know in your heart I'm right.''  So, if there is no staying power for Poland there sure in heck is none for Turkey.  