 Let me explain what I mean by that, and they can correct me.  First of all, in the Foreign Relations Committee, I recall when we had this vote--and I say it again--in Europe, farm--f-a-r-m--policy always trumps foreign policy. Both have made my point. They acknowledge that. There is no possibility that Europe is going to do the right thing. They have not thus far. The reason, in my view, we must stay as a European power is that they have continued to demonstrate their immaturity over the past, and not much has changed in 50 years in terms of the willingness of anyone to lead.  If we acknowledge that farm--f-a-r-m--policy always trumps foreign policy in Europe--I challenge anyone to give me an example where it has not--then I ask you: Is this not a red herring? Join EU first before you can get into NATO.  The second point I will make: No one knows the history of this nation and Europe on this floor better than my friend from New York. As I said before, and I mean this sincerely, I am always uncomfortable when I am on the opposite side of an argument with my friend from New York.  Let me review very, very briefly the history of NATO and its founding, and the relationship between the economic health of a nation being invited in, and the ability or the willingness of the United States and other NATO members to invite that nation in.  From a policy perspective, NATO membership and EU membership--that is what this amendment is about, EU membership first before NATO--it is supposed to, and has been suggested by my two friends who are the sponsors of this amendment, somehow put the cart before the horse, that is, military alliance before economic unity, economic growth, economic security.  I quote from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee report of 1949, the document that was brought to the floor of the Senate urging us to sign the Washington treaty. It said:       This treaty is designed to contribute toward the further      development of peaceful and friendly international      relationships, to strengthen free institutions of the      parties, and promote better understanding of the principles      upon which they are founded, to promote the conditions of      stability and well-being, and to encourage economic      collaboration. It should facilitate long-term economic      recovery through replacing the sense of insecurity by one of      confidence in the future.  That was the original purpose. The original purpose was to promote economic stability. Nobody said then nor has--and I will quote Acheson and a few others in a moment. Nobody has said then or at any moment in our history since that time that, by the way, a condition of joining NATO must be economic integration first, should be economic integration first, must be a demonstration of a strong economy first. No one has ever said that, including George Kennan. George Kennan argued and thought this would promote economic stability as well as military security.  