  Mr. DeWINE. Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to commend the Chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Senator Shelby, for the work he has done on this bill. It is not easy to balance the competing interests in any appropriations bill, but I think it is even more difficult on transportation appropriations. I would also like to call attention to one area of the Senate's bill which is very different than the House version.  The Federal Automated Surface Observing System (ASOS) Program, which began in the late 1980's, is sponsored by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), the National Weather Service (NWS), and the Department of Defense (DoD) and currently includes over 860 ASOS units. For its part, as of December 2, 1997, the FAA had procured 569 ASOS units. Yet only 297 of these units had been commissioned as of June 16, 1998.  The current Senate bill provides $20.97 million for the Automated Surface Observing System (ASOS). This amount is $11 million more than the Administration request. According to the Committee report, $9.9 million is to be used to commission systems that have already been purchased. This only makes sense. After all, the Federal government purchased these systems. They might as well be used.  Last year, Congress appropriated $10 million more than the Administration request to procure nearly 30 more ASOS units. If the past is an accurate indicator, these units will sit idle until FAA finds the funds to commission them. In essence, what we are doing is purchasing technology with great potential but fraught with high maintenance costs and are going to be unusable for a number of years when, it is my understanding that there are other alternatives that cost less and can be used immediately. In fact, I understand that one of these alternatives, the Automated Weather Observing System (AWOS) is very popular in many states, including the Chairman's home state of Alabama.  I would draw my colleague's attention to the action taken yesterday by the House Committee on Appropriations. In its companion to the bill before us, that panel declined to fund any of these systems for the coming fiscal year but noted the Senate Committee's action. The House report language says that both systems (AWOS and ASOS) are ``meritorious'' and takes the strong position that if additional funding beyond the Administration's request is provided in the final conference action, that ``an equitable distribution'' of the additional funding should be provided for both systems.  I strongly support the action taken by our House colleagues and urge my good friend, the Chairman of the Subcommittee to join me to inject fairness, cost-effectiveness and competition into this program.  