 President, I will not take any more of the Senate's time. I learned a long time ago from a former chairman named Russell Long that when you are about to accept something, let it be accepted.  I rise to cosponsor an amendment that codifies the so-called outer wall of sanctions on the government of Serbia-Montenegro.  Mr. President, as we know, for the last decade Slobodan Milosevic has pursued his mad dream of a Greater Serbia. The result has been hundreds of thousands dead, millions made homeless, and centuries-old Serbian culture eradicated from sections of the former Yugoslavia.  And Milosevic is continuing his murderous policies in Kosovo, while playing games with us in Bosnia and frustrating democratic reforms in Serbia.  The amendment that Senator Smith, Senator D'Amato, Senator Johnson, and I are proposing codifies five categories of sanctions.  First, the Secretary of the Treasury is to instruct the U.S. executive directors of the international financial institutions to work in opposition to and vote against, any extension by these institutions of any financial or technical assistance or grants of any kind to the government of Serbia. Montenegro's reformist government is exempted from these sanctions.  Second, the Secretary of State is to instruct the U.S. Ambassador to the OSCE--the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe--not to join any consensus to allow the participation of Serbia-Montenegro in the OSCE.  Third, the Secretary of State is to instruct the Representative to the United Nations to vote against any resolution in the U.N. Security Council to admit Serbia-Montenegro to the U.N.  Fourth, the U.S. is to oppose the extension of the Partnership for Peace program to Serbia-Montenegro.  Fifth, the U.S. is to oppose the extension of membership in the Southeast European Cooperative Initiative to Serbia-Montenegro.  How might Milosevic avoid these sanctions?  The amendment would drop these sanctions if the President certifies that Serbia-Montenegro has taken five steps.  First, Serbian representatives must be negotiating in good faith with the other successor states of the former Yugoslavia on the division of assets and liabilities and other succession issues.  Second, the government of Serbia-Montenegro must be complying fully with its obligations as a signatory to the Dayton Accords.  Third, the government of Serbia-Montenegro must be cooperating fully with, and providing unrestricted access to, the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.  Fourth, the government of Serbia-Montenegro must be implementing internal democratic reforms, including progress in the rule of law and independent media. In this regard it is worth noting that the government of the Republic of Montenegro is already in compliance.  Fifth, the government of Serbia-Montenegro must meet the requirements on Kosovo enumerated elsewhere in this Act.  Mr. President, Slobodan Milosevic has jerked this country around long enough. This amendment makes clear to him what he has to do in order to have the outer wall of sanctions removed.  The ball is squarely in his court.  I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  Mr. President, I compliment my friend from Oregon in leading the way on this. I think the balance here is real. I think it is very important. I think it is totally consistent with the direction we have been going in the way the Senate should act relevant to the sanctions and the exceptions we grant the President for other reasons relating to other than that very high bar of the national security test.  I compliment him. I thank him for the modification.  I yield the floor.  