 I think the case he makes is the correct case.  I am particularly concerned that the most important foreign policy debate we have had maybe in the 25 years that I have been here is being used as a filler. That bothers me. It bothers me in the sense it lends an air of credibility to the unfair criticism that we have not adequately and fully and seriously taken into consideration the pros and cons relating to expansion. It just reinforces, in my view, that false argument.  I happen to support the position of Senator Coverdell on the procedural aspects of the issue. There is no question the Senator from North Dakota, in my view, is correct.  I have been here 25 years. We have just begun, in the last couple of years, deciding new and innovative ways to avoid the opportunity for people to be able to get a vote on issues on this floor. For the first 23 years I was here, I don't ever recall us being in a circumstance where the minority was presented with the proposition that you put up your package, we will put up our package, we each get one vote, and that is it. That is not the way the rules were intended to work, in my view. I am not suggesting that the majority leader is violating the letter of the Senate rules, but I think the spirit is being violated.  I have a secondary problem that is almost as bothersome to me. I have, along with the Republican manager of this bill and the chairman of the full committee, Senator Helms, and others, devoted hundreds and hundreds of hours to this issue of NATO expansion, taken the issue very seriously, and now it is kind of like, well, yesterday we had extra hours so, boom, let's go ahead and throw in NATO. By the way, we don't know what else to do. Today we hit a logjam, the Democrats wouldn't swallow the, in my view, heavy-handed tactics employed here on the education bill; so, what do we get? There must be something out there--grab NATO.  So it will reinforce the notion that somehow we are not taking this incredibly important foreign policy consideration seriously. This should be set aside to have one solid, continuous debate, whether it takes 2 hours or 2 weeks--and it is closer to 2 weeks, and appropriate, than 2 hours--in order for the public to be educated about what we are doing. I believe no foreign policy can be sustained or should be sustained without the informed consent of the American people. This a gigantic issue which, understandably, and historically, they are not interested in, in the day-to-day sense, in that they are more concerned about the classroom the Senator described in his own State or whether or not their company is downsizing and they will lose their job or whether or not they will be able to get their child to college.  I am not critical of the American people. The only time we have an opportunity to get their attention--and when we do, they pay attention, they understand, they fully grasp what we are about--is if we say, ``And now we are about to debate a major foreign policy issue. Basically, tune in, and we will have a coherent debate.'' This place is capable of coherent and intelligent debate. This, in a sense, demeans the process and demeans the issue.  The Senator owes me no apology. Now that we are on NATO, I hope we don't get off NATO; I hope we continue. Let's pick a course here. If we are going to debate this issue, debate it fully and resolve it and put everything else aside until we do it. I really hope the majority leader will refrain from using NATO as sort of a filler here, because it is so much more important, and we all know that the way in which the process treats an issue reflects, at least in the mind of the press and the public at large, what value we place on the issue, how important we think it is.  I don't mean to be personally critical of the leader. I think he grabbed whatever was available procedurally to be able to be brought up and this was here. I am really sorry that we have gotten to this point.  Again, let me conclude my comments relative to this by saying to the Senator from North Dakota, he owes me no apology. He is protecting not only his rights but he is protecting the rights of the Senator from Delaware, majority and minority Members. I have been here long enough to realize that there is no such thing as a permanent majority. I have been in the majority, I was then in the minority, I was back in the majority, and I am now in the minority, and I look forward to being in the majority again. This kind of precedence sets a tone that puts the majority--whichever party that may be--into the position of ratcheting up the way in which they attempt to have their way on the floor. I think it is not prudent.  