 President, I will be delighted to answer.  Let me make one prefatory comment. My reference to 74, 75 Senators being exposed to this issue is in no way to imply that all 75 or 74 were in favor of expansion. I know, with men of the caliber of the Senator from Virginia, and the man who I think is one of the most informed people in the Senate that I have ever served with, my friend from New York, Senator Moynihan, I know with their doubts about expansion that this is far from a certain outcome. So I do not mean to imply that all who were exposed were in favor. I was responding, before the Senator came to the floor, to the assertions made in the press that this has not been given due consideration by Members of the Senate.  Let me go specifically to the question that was asked; then I will finish my statement and will be happy to yield then or engage in a colloquy or take questions. That is I, too, agree that Harry Truman was one of the great Presidents and Harry Truman did say that one of his two greatest achievements was NATO. He said thereason NATO was necessary was a moment of uncertainty in world history. I respectfully suggest if there has ever been a moment of uncertainty, and I might add ``in world history,'' it is today.  I spoke at my hometown, my birth town, of Scranton, PA, last night to an organization called the Friendly Sons of Saint Patrick, where my great grandfather was a founder in 1902, a State Senator named Edward Blewitt, and I quoted William Butler Yeats' poem ``Easter 1916,'' where he concluded by saying the world is changed. ``All changed, changed utterly: A terrible beauty is born.'' He is talking about ``the rising,'' as we Irish Catholics refer to it, the rising on Easter Sunday in 1916.  I would paraphrase that by saying: With the fall of the wall, a terrible beauty has been born. It is a new world. The world has changed utterly.  Although it is a different threat, although it is a different concern, although it is not amassed forces of the Warsaw Pact lining up to flow through the Fulda gap to take over West Germany, it is a different enemy. The different enemy is uncertainty. The different enemy is instability. The different enemy is nations seeking to define themselves and their futures and their security relative to one another in an area of the world--I will get in real trouble with my European friends for saying this--where the degree of political maturation has not moved to the point that I have confidence they will reach the right decision without our involvement in that process. So, the same circumstance, uncertainty, exists today as existed in 1946, 1947, and 1948--uncertainty.  Second, the Senator asked, Is this a military alliance? It is a military alliance. That is why I hope we will continue to treat it as a military alliance and reject this facile argument being promoted by some, put forward by some of my friends who are among the most respected former Members of the U.S. Senate, who say they should join the EU before they join NATO.  If this is a military alliance, why in the heck do they have to join an economic union before they join the military alliance? It is a military alliance. I might add, we have not asked anyone else to do that. It is beyond me why we would ask, why we would put the fate of the military architecture of Europe in the hands of an economic organization of which we are not a member, have no vote, and have no ability to shape, essentially giving these other European nations the ability to veto our ability to put together this new architecture for security in Europe.  But to the very specific point the Senator raised, what about the notion that we are inviting Hungary but not Romania? Are we creating this dynamic where we gave Hungary a great boost up and Romania essentially is pushed down in relative terms? I will go into great detail to respond to that as the debate goes on, but in the interests of getting on with the rest of my statement, let me answer it with a question: If the countries that border the countries that are being invited are going to be put at such a disadvantage, I would ask the question, why do they all favor the expansion? Why did Romania favor--favor, now, notwithstanding the fact they fought to be invited and were not--why do they favor Hungarian membership? Why do the Germans favor Polish membership? Why are all the countries that sought admission thus far in favor of the three countries that were granted the opportunity to prove they were ready to join?  I would add one further fact. The corollary to that question would be: Are we then going to be placed in the position of either having to embrace all the former Soviet Union in one fell swoop as members of NATO whether they are ready or not, or none? Because if you take the logical extension of my friend's argument, it leads you to only one of two conclusions: Either every country seeking admission should be admitted at the very same moment, thereby not allowing one to have the perceived advantage my friend from Virginia says occurs with membership, or the perceived disadvantage of not being a member--you either admit them all at once, which I am positive he does not support, absolutely positive, or you admit none. You have no alternative.  So I say respectfully to my friend, this is a dynamic situation. The world is changing rapidly. We do not have the ability to freeze-frame the world and say now we are in one broad stroke going to redefine, in this case the security architecture of Europe, with finality. That's it.  That is not the history of NATO. When NATO started, Germany was not part of NATO. Germany was not part of NATO. It would have been reasonable to ask why do we have a NATO with no Germany? It was equally reasonable to ask why in the devil would you have Germany part of NATO at the time? When we brought in Germany, we did not say bringing in Germany puts Turkey and Greece at a disadvantage. We did not say that. When we brought in Turkey and Greece, we did not say Spain will be hurt badly. One of the problems with foreign policy is that it reflects life writ large. There is nothing neat about it. Notwithstanding what many of my academic friends enjoy doing, we are not able to come up with a universal construct that in one fell swoop can be materialized.  I suggest to my friend, the invitation to Hungary has produced democratization internally within Romania, a consequence that was not anticipated by anybody 2 years ago. So, instead of, for example, Hungary being invited and Romania being outraged and having their policy move toward totalitarianism and away from democracy, the exact opposite happened. It created a dynamic effect. I am not here to tell any of my colleagues that I can predict with certainty what the dynamism will produce. I have served here sufficiently long to be sufficiently humble to know that I do not possess that capacity. But I do suggest that we can play the odds, and the odds are this is a pretty good bet, an overwhelming good bet.  So, my response, and I will go into it in more detail as the debate goes on, but my response is that if I accept the proposition put forward by my colleague in the way in which the question was phrased, then I am left with a conundrum of either everybody or nobody. And I, to paraphrase Russell Long when he used to kid around, ``I ain't for nobody, but I also ain't for everybody right now.''  So I think this is a rational, relatively predictable--to the extent anything can be on the world stage--and useful incremental development of an architecture that hopefully will take us for another 50 years with peace and security in Europe like the last architecture.  I will note here, parenthetically, I do not think the choice is expand or status quo. I think the choice is expansion or atrophy, and I will go into that in a later moment.  