 I am serious. I could not see it. If I may beg the indulgence of my Republican colleagues, let me answer, because I think at least anything useful that could be said on my part has been said, with one exception, and I will say this and cease and desist.  As I read the amendment, on line 5 it says, ``establishing a process of dispute resolution among allies.''  Now, the Senator from Texas has pointed out--and she has been a very, very, very forceful leader in opposition to our present policy in Bosnia. I wish she were not as effective, because she and I disagree. But she raised Bosnia again. I don't know how this dispute resolution mechanism of any nature would involve Bosnia at all. Serbia is not an ally, Bosnia is not an ally, Herzegovina is not an ally, Croatia is not an ally, Moldavia is not an ally.  Looking over here, Romania--Romania is listed in the potential border disputes, ethnic Romanians in Moldavia versus Russia. None of those parties, Moldavia, Russia or Romania, are our allies. Bulgaria-Serbia, Estonia-Russia, Latvia-Russia, Estonia-Russia, Croatia-Serbia, Macedonia-Albania, Moldavia-Russia, Yugoslavia Serb-Bosnia, Serb-Croats, Serbs-Kosovo, Serbs-Macedonia, Albanians-Serbs, Hungarians--possibly; Serbs--Albanians-Kosovoans, Greeks-Albanians, Albanians-Macedonians.  None of those concerns, not a single solitary one, involves allies. They would not be covered by even the unstated illusory mechanism that might be created if we don't table this. My reason for being opposed to this is a little bit like what Senator John Pastore from the State of Rhode Island told me in 1973. I said, ``I'm not sure about this, Senator''--a vote. And he said, ``Let me give you a piece of advice, Joe.'' He talked with a gravelly voice. He said, ``When in doubt, vote no.''  I am in grave doubt, at a minimum. I cannot possibly see how what the Senator is suggesting in any way--I don't fully understand it. She is not proposing a particular mechanism. But I can't envision any mechanism that would have any impact on any of the things that are listed on that chart. Not a single one. Not a single one would fall within the definition of her resolution.  Bosnia would not fall within the definition of her resolution.  I know, ever since Ross Perot, all of us have gotten chart mania. You know, me, too. I have my charts back there. Maybe the chart was just wheeled out by mistake. But it, the chart, has no relevance to the resolution, none at all. I say as a Democrat on this side of the aisle now--I guess I should not be so flip about it. I do not mean to be. But all kidding aside, I really, truly, as they say--I don't get it. The examples the Senator from Virginia and Texas are worried about would not fall within the purview of this resolution even if such a dispute mechanism were arrived at. Nothing on the chart would fall within the purview of this resolution. I don't know what would that is not already working. And I don't know what is broken. I can't think of a single example--I would like to hear one--where NATO was unable to come up with a dispute resolution within the present structure. So that is why I oppose this. I will oppose it.  I have great respect for my friend from Texas. I mean that sincerely. But I strongly disagree with this and I will urge my colleagues to vote ``No.'' I thank her for her indulgence.  I have been asked to yield to Senator Craig for a consent request, unanimous consent request. I yield the floor.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Roberts). The Senator from Idaho is recognized.  