 I thank my friend for calling that to my attention.  Let me not just mention the sheriffs. I am going to quote, now, from a few of the leading police officers of America.  By the way, let's put this in context again. When the overall crime bill was drafted by me years ago, the way it got drafted was, I did not sit down with any sociologists or academics or welfare workers or, you know, liberal think tanks. I literally called in the presidents of the seven leading police organizations in America, from NAPO to NOBLE, FOP, et cetera. They sat around my conference table for the better part of 4 months.  I said: You tell me what you need. What do you think you need to fight crime?  In the overall crime bill, they said they needed about a third of it going to prevention.  When I sat down to draft the juvenile justice bill for our side of the aisle, with my colleagues, as a follow-on, I called the same people back in. Some of the presidents were changed. They were not all the same officers, the same people. To a person, they reinforced what the Senator from Vermont just said.  Let me give an example. Mr. President, 170 police chiefs, sheriffs, prosecutors, the president of the Fraternal Order of Police, the International Union of Police Associations, and the leaders of the Crime Victims Organization, came out with a call for action. They title it ``A Call For Action From America's Front Line Against Crime,'' made up of those organizations I just named. On February 5, 1998, here is what they said:       As police, prosecutors, crime survivors, we struggle every      day against crime and its devastating impact. We are      determined to see that dangerous criminals are arrested and      put behind bars. But anyone who thinks that jailing the      criminal is enough to undo the agony that crime leaves in its      wake hasn't seen crime up close. That is why no one knows      better than we that the most important weapons against crime      are investments that keep kids from becoming criminals,      investments which enable all children to get the right start      they need to become contributing citizens, and would show      them that as adults they would be able to meet their      families' basic needs through hard work.  (