 I think he is the single most erudite, single brightest and the single most informed person serving in the Senate. I must tell you only he has made me wonder even for a moment, after 5 months of debating this with myself, whether the resolution I have reached with expansion is correct. Only he has given me a twinge in his opposition. I mean that sincerely. He was kind enough, after meeting with some of our colleagues, to call me at my home a couple weeks ago and to sort of forewarn me--that was not the purpose of the call--but forewarn me that he may be settling on the position he has, and I made my plea over the phone with him. I kept him on the phone for about 15 minutes making my arguments why I thought we should expand. And I got off the phone, and I turned to my son, who knows of my admiration for the Senator, and I said, I have been around this place a long, long time. Here I am on the phone trying to--and I say this very respectfully--educate the most informed man I know about a position that I thought he was wrong on. I was certain of my assertions on the phone. And I hung up and I thought for a brief moment, if he thinks that way, I must be wrong. But I quickly overcame that, and I would just suggest that it is one of the rare occasions I have disagreed with the Senator. So it is not hard to be civil when you admire someone as much as I do the Senator. I promise I will not resort again to such personal references, but I mean it sincerely when I say to my friend that I listen to everything he has to say. I disagree with him on this.  I would make one comment--I know he has to leave the floor--and then I will yield the floor to my friend from Rhode Island, because I have had plenty of occasion to speak already today.  With regard to the document my friend references, it does reference expansion of NATO. But I would respectfully suggest that, like many times in human endeavors, the same conclusion would have been reached had expansion not been contemplated. I assert that the demise of the Soviet--I doubt whether my friend would disagree with me--the demise of not only the Soviet Union and the Soviet Army but the Russian military had nothing to do with the expansion of NATO.  