 President, I am pleased that the Senate today is passing the Hatch-Biden-Lautenberg substitute amendment to H.R. 4164, and I am hopeful that the other body will take up and pass the measure before Congress adjourns for the year.  What this legislation does is simple. Under current federal law, states must give full faith and credit to the child custody orders of another state. A custody order is defined as including a visitation order. However, as evidence from around the country has shown, state courts often do not automatically recognize visitation orders, particularly when it is a visitation order for someone other than the child's parent, such as a grandparent. State courts are supposed to honor such orders, but it is often an arduous process getting them to do so.  This legislation simply clarifies that the full faith and credit law includes visitation orders. We want it to be absolutely clear to state courts that a state visitation order entered consistently with the provisions of the federal full faith and credit statute must be given full faith and credit by all other states. In a narrow legal sense, it does nothing different than current federal law. But, by making that law more explicit, it hopefully will eliminate the hassles, obstacles, and delays that too often confront those who have valid visitation orders and are asking only that federal law be followed.  Mr. President, the author of this idea was Representative Rob Andrews of New Jersey, who deserves credit for bringing this issue to our attention. From the day in 1997 when he introduced his bill on visitation orders, he has been tireless in pushing for its passage. I commend him and congratulate him.  Finally, I want to thank Senator Hatch for his willingness to move this bill in the final days of the session. There is a lot of pressing work to be done, and this issue could have got lost in the final crunch. But, the chairman and his staff were very gracious in working with me to pass this bill.  