 President, I opposed the 1995 Securities Litigation Act for several reasons--including the precedent-setting changes to this country's judicial system without the input of the Judiciary Committee.  I support the Sarbanes amendment for similar reasons--relating both to procedure, and to substance.  In the past, bills that made changes to the rules that govern citizen's access to State courts were referred to the Judiciary Committee, to enable the committee with expertise to review and work on the legislation.  While my colleagues on the Banking Committee had the opportunity to examine the specific, substantive changes this bill would make to our Nation's securities laws, it seems to me that we have once again skipped a very important step in the process.  The securities litigation bill we are considering on the floor today pre-empts State court statutes of limitations in securities fraud cases--and yet again the Judiciary Committee was not given the opportunity to examine the issue.  In 1991, the Supreme Court significantly shortened the statute of limitations for Federal securities fraud actions--to the shorter of 3 years after the fraud occurs or 1 year after it is discovered.  Then-SEC Chairman Richard Breeden called the new time limit ``unrealistically short.'' But, S. 1260 would compound the problem by applying the Federal time limit to State actions removed to Federal court--even though it is shorter than the time limit applicable to actions in 33 of the 50 States.  This bill would not only leave investors without State court remedies when brokers and dealers make fraudulent statements when selling corporate stock--but it would also tell them that they need only conceal their fraud for 3 years before being absolved of responsibility in Federal court as well.  And the new time limit will apply even though the 1995 Securities Litigation Act raised the standard investors must meet to win a class action suit--you now have to prove a falsehood was made with clear intent to deceive.  That's incredibly tough to prove.  I will admit, some frivolous lawsuits are filed. And some lawyers do make too much from a suit--leaving defrauded investors too little.  But, immunizing Wall Street professionals who can successfully hide their lies for 3 years is not the answer.  I support the Sarbanes amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. We should protect the small investor--not let white collar criminals go unpunished.  Mr. D'AMATO. Mr. President, I know my colleague from Nevada is going to speak to this issue, and I ask unanimous consent at 5:30 today the Senate proceed to a vote on or in relation to the Sarbanes amendment 2395, to beimmediately followed by a vote on or in relation to amendment 2396, the matter we are now considering, with no amendments in order to the amendments. I finally ask that the time until 5:30 be equally divided between the proponents and opponents. I have no intention of using any of the time, but that all the time be yielded to my colleague.  