 President, I support the defense appropriations conference report, but I would like to briefly comment on one issue - strategic airlift.  As we have learned in places like Kenya, Tanzania, Iraq, and Bosnia, the end of the Cold War has not brought stability to the world. That instability continually threatens our national security interests and has placed a high demand on our military assets.  Primary among those assets is strategic airlift. Using our military requires getting troops and equipment and weapons to strategic locations. I am very concerned that we are taking some short-cuts in this bill that directly impact that vital national security capability. In particular, I am concerned that the Senate did not fully fund the President's request for C-5 avionics modernization. Instead, this Conference Report provides only $33.7 million of $47.9 million dollars necessary to increase C-5 safety and reliability. While $33.7 million is a lot of money, we need to do more.  The $14.2 million cut delays installation of the Traffic Collision Avoidance System (TCAS) by a full-year. Other important modifications are also delayed, including the following: Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning System, Global Air Traffic Management, Flight Instrument and Engine Display System, and Automatic Flight Controls. These are the systems that navigate the plane and protect it against various forms of collision. As the skies continue to become more crowded, and as we rely on C-5s to provide airlift in all types of weather and over all kinds of terrain up-to-date avionics are critical.  The C-5 has served the nation well in all of our military actions overseas from the Yom Kippur War to current operations in Bosnia and Iraq. In Desert Storm, the C-5 delivered over 38 percent of all America's airlift. It is an absolutely essential part of the Air Force's airlift capacity. A capacity that is more critical than ever as we move to an Expeditionary Aerospace Force.  I want to point out here that it is not just me who believes the C-5 is a critical national defense priority. It is one of the Air Force's top priorities. Even now, I know that the Air Force is attempting to cobble together the needed $14.2 million from other accounts. The Air Force should not be put in this position. We should give them the money.  We have known for some time that the C-5 needs some modernization work. The Air Force is undertaking a study to determine how best to preserve and protect our strategic airlift. That larger study will look at many things--re-engining the C-5, buying more C-17s, refitting existing commercial airframes, exploring spare parts shortages and maintenance delays--but it will not change the need to modernize the avionics in the short-term. The Air Force is committed to this modernization and deserves our support.  Quite simply, the airlift of the United States military rests in the back of the C-5. In a world where threats appear in every corner of the globe, we cannot afford to shortchange the strategic airlift that protects our national security.  When we look at addressing readiness shortfalls in the military in a supplemental appropriations bill this year, I hope my colleagues will consider the need to restore $14.2 million to the C-5 Avionics Modernization accounts. The Air Force should know that we share its committment to strategic airlift.  