 President, I think again we should focus on what my colleague from New Hampshire said about the real world. I think that is a legitimate point to make.  The real world several years ago was, we had 338,000 American troops in Europe. Today we have 100,000. That should make it awfully clear to Russia that ours is not an aggressive posture. The expansion of NATO is not for purposes of encircling and/or crushing Russia. The real world is, all indicia out there that are available for the Russians to look at--I understand the psychology, but the real world is, there is no threat, this is a defensive alliance.  With regard to drawing lines--I do not suggest in any way, in mentioning what I am about to say, that my friend from New Hampshire in any way wishes to ratify Yalta, but the practical fact of the matter is, Yalta was a deal made out of at the time, viewed by that President at the time, a necessary requirement to basically say, ``Hey, look. Hey, look, you've got this sphere of influence. This is the line drawn in Europe.'' At the time, there was not this anticipation there was going to be this carnage that would result, there would be this overwhelming suppression that would result. ``But here is the deal. Here is the line we are going to draw you. You have this buffer zone.'' That is what it was all about.  To say now that these nations cannot come in is to ratify in a different way but the same line. Why? ``You can't come in because the successor to the Soviet Union--Russia--does not want you in.'' So when I say ``redrawing the lines,'' I say, to say they cannot come in ratifies the old line drawn after World War II.  And when you erase that line, it is, in my view--and I respect the Senator from New Hampshire and all those who oppose expansion, but I argue it does not send a line closer to the Soviet Union for purposes of encircling; it says that there is no automatic line either of us, East or West--Russia-the United States, Russia-Germany, Russia-anyone else--is going to say, ipso facto, that no nation can make its own choice as to wherein they wish to have their alliance reside. That is what it says. That is what it says.  So, therefore, when I say ``redrawing a line''--excuse me, ``erasing a line,'' the line I am talking about erasing is Yalta. And separate and apart from the physical occupation of those countries, at its root it was an admission and an acknowledgment of a sphere of influence of one country over--over--the fate of other countries in Central and Eastern Europe on the grounds that to do otherwise would put them in jeopardy, they had a right to at least indirectly control the national decisions of those nations relative to where they viewed their security to lie, in what alliance, if any.  So to not extend, in fact, in my view, is a bold confirmation that that sphere of influence still remains. And that is a tragic historic mistake, in my view.  