  Mr. President, I have not spoken. I am not going to take much time because Senators whose States which have very, very important interests in passage of this bill should be given time.  I would like to begin by thanking Senator Murray. She has been the spearhead of this effort. I, quite frankly, wish we had done something broader. The Senator from Kentucky and I thought we had worked out something more along the lines that my friend from Nebraska was just talking about, a broader approach to dealing with not just merely agriculture, which is obviously very important, but I just say to my colleagues, hopefully the Senator from Kentucky and I will be back on the floor in the not-too-distant future with a proposal for a more rational policy relating to sanctions generally, not just as they relate to Pakistan and not just as they relate to agriculture.  Mr. President, I am pleased to join the Senator from Kentucky in presenting this legislation.  As our colleagues know, just before the Fourth of July recess, the majority and minority leaders formed a bipartisan Task Force on Sanctions Policy. The Senator from Kentucky was named the chairman, the Senator from Delaware the co-chairman.  The task force was given two tasks; first, to make recommendations to the Senate leadership, by July 15, related to the existing sanctions against India and Pakistan. And second, to make recommendations, by September 1, on sanctions policy generally.  These are tight deadlines, but with the support of the leadership, the chairman and I are determined to try to meet them.  The situation with regard to Pakistan and India is our first challenge.  Two months ago, the security situation in South Asia changed, and changed utterly, to borrow a phrase from Yeats. The explosion of nuclear devices, first by India, then by Pakistan, brought two nations into the so-called club of countries which acknowledge that the possess nuclear weapons.  The testing by both countries was promptly--and properly--condemned by the United States and the international community. But the United States went further than most countries, because under the Glenn amendment, enacted in 1994, the President was required to impose sanctions on both governments.  The sanctions imposed by the Glenn amendment are as severe as they are sweeping.  They require the termination of all assistance under the Foreign Assistance Act--with certain exceptions such as narcotics assistance and humanitarian aid--the termination of all military sales and financing, the termination of all licenses for the exports of items on the U.S. Munitions List, and the termination of all credits or credit guarantees provided by the U.S. government.  Additionally, the law requires the United States to oppose the extension of loans by international financial institutions like the World Bank, and requires the U.S. government to prohibit private U.S. banks from making loans or credits for the purpose of purchasing food or other agricultural commodities.  The Glenn amendment provides little flexibility. Once imposed, there is no authority for the President to waive the law. His hands are completely tied.  I voted for the Glenn amendment in 1994, which was part of the State Department Authorization Act that year. But when viewed in the context of Pakistan's and India's decision to test, I have to conclude that while our approach worked for many years, it is no longer working. It didn't stop them from testing, and the lack of flexibility in the law provides little incentive for India and Pakistan to take positive steps now.  All this is not to suggest that sanctions should never be applied. I have voted for many sanctions laws in the past, and even authored a few. In this instance, sanctions were clearly appropriate, both as a strong condemnation of the governments in Delhi and Islamabad and to deter other countries which might seek a nuclear weapon.  What I am second-guessing is the decision of Congress not to provide more flexibility to the President.  I am a strong defender of congressional power, and I believe Congress iswell within its constitutional authority to impose sanctions for foreign policy reasons. But the President is charged with the conduct of diplomacy. And any statute which provides little or no discretion for the President necessarily interferes with his ability to perform that task.  The task in this case is already difficult enough: the President faces the considerable challenge of convincing the two governments to constrain their nuclear weapons programs and avoid further escalation of tensions in the region. The inflexibility in the Glenn amendment deprives the President of tools that he might use to advance these objectives.  In imposing sanctions, we must also pause before applying sanctions unilaterally.  The weight of the historical evidence suggests that we are more likely to advance our objectives if we can gain the cooperation of our major allies. Moreover, unilateral sanctions may impose a greater cost on our economic interests than they do on the targeted country.  In the case of India and Pakistan, we are therefore faced with two questions: should we reconsider some of the unilateral sanctions set forth in the Glenn amendment?  And should we give the President some flexibility in order to advance his diplomatic objectives in the region?  I answer both questions in the affirmative and, I believe, so does the chairman.  However, the bill we are now considering is limited only to removing one unilateral sanction:  The bill before us would provide a permanent exemption under the Glenn amendment for U.S. government credits to support the purchase of food or other agriculture commodities.  This provision is identical to the provision sponsored by Senators Murray and Gorton which was added to the Agriculture appropriations bill during its consideration by the Committee on Appropriations.  The exemption for Commodity Credit Corporation--or CCC credits--is consistent with the approach of the Glenn amendment, which permits loans by private banks for the purchase of food and other agricultural commodities.  This matter is of some urgency, because there is an important sale offer to be made by Pakistan in the coming days.  Wheat farmers in the Pacific Northwest provide a significant portion of Parkistan's wheat market, and they rightly fear that they could lose that market if the CCC credits are not available.  I have long believed that we should not force U.S. farmers to bear the burden of foreign policy sanctions, so I am pleased to support this measure.  But I remain hopeful that in the coming weeks, we can devise a means to provide the President flexibility with the remaining sanctions now in place against india and Pakistan.  I do not mean to suggest that we should repeal these sanctions.  At this stage, just a few weeks after the nuclear tests in the region, and with the President's diplomatic efforts still at an early stage, it is premature to contemplate a complete repeal or blanket waiver of the provisions in the Glenn amendment.  But we should attempt, before we adjourn for the year, to give the President some latitude in order to assist his efforts to negotiate with the two countries.  We should not underestimate the enormity of the task before the President.  Helping to construct a new security framework in South Asia may take considerable time, given the complexity of the situation and the deep-seated antagonism between the countries of the region. I hope that our colleagues will give the administration the support that it needs in the months ahead.  In closing, I would like to thank the chairman of the task force, Senator McConnell, for his gracious acceptance of the job and for helping point us in this direction. I would also like to thank the majority and minority leaders for their confidence in selecting us to lead the task force, and for their support for this initial legislation.  I urge my colleagues to support it.  Mr. President, with the permission of my friend, may I yield now, even though it will be two Democrats in a row, to my friend from North Dakota, Mr. Dorgan, for 10 minutes.  