 President, I want to make it absolutely clear: I oppose the cloning of human beings. But, I am voting against cloture on the motion to proceed to the cloning bill because the bill and the issues the bill raises are not that simple.  I am voting against cloture because there has not been sufficient discussion; there have not been sufficient hearings; there has not been sufficient consideration of what is a very complicated scientific issue. Legislation is supposed to be the end result of a process; not the beginning of it. This bill, Mr. President, is far too premature.  Yes, hearings were held last year after it was announced that Dolly the sheep was a clone. But, those were generic hearings on the issue of cloning. And, the bill before us is not--I repeat, not--a result of those hearings. This was a bill that was introduced a week ago, has never been the subject of a hearing, and has never been considered by a committee.  Are the definitions adequate? Or, are they over broad? In the name of preventing the cloning of a human being, are we hindering medical research that might help in the battle against cancer and other diseases? Or, in the name of allowing scientific research, are we opening the door to rogue scientists who will then find it easier to clone a human?  These are all very legitimate questions that need answers. In the end, there may be significant differences over what the answers should be. But, the problem here today, Mr. President, is that we are not ready to be debating answers to these policy questions because we have not had a thorough discussion of the questions and the implications.  With the pace of scientific advancement--scientific knowledge is now doubling about every five years--more and more of these extremely complicated bioethical issues are likely to come before the Congress in years to come. Let's not set a precedent here today that we will deal with them willy-nilly--by simply taking a position and voting without having given thoughtful consideration to the issues involved.  We need to act to ban the cloning of humans. But, before we act, we need more hearings and more discussion on how best to accomplish that. Therefore, I am voting against cloture on the motion to proceed.  