  You know, I don't think a Senator can be measured merely in terms of the number of votes he or she has cast. It is a reflection of their sense of responsibility and the exercise of their duty. But there is something special about that fellow sitting over there from South Carolina. I have been here 26years with the Senator from South Carolina, and for 16 of those I got to sit as either the ranking member or chairman of the Judiciary Committee right next to Strom.  I think it is fair to say that a lot of people thought we were strange bedfellows because everybody could tell that we truly liked one another. People would ask me, ``Why do you like Strom Thurmond so much? You disagree with him on so many things.'' I would say, ``I'll tell you why.'' There are two reasons, and it is a measure, in my view, of what makes him a great Senator. No. 1, he is here to get things done. He is not here to stop things. He is here to get things done. He is a legislator.  I remember when I first took over as the chairman of the committee, I went to Strom and said, ``Strom, I would like to make a deal with you. There is a lot we disagree on and some we agree on. Let's put aside what we disagree on and focus on the things we agree on.'' He looked at me, and he finally said, ``OK.'' He stood up and put his hand out, and from that point on, as much as we may disagree, there wasn't anything we have ever had a cross word on.  One of my most memorable occasions was when he and I went down to the White House to try to convince President Reagan to sign a crime bill. President Reagan was in the beginning of his second term. We sat in that Cabinet room. We were on one side of the table and William French Smith, Ed Meese, and someone else was on the other side. The President walked in and sat down between Strom and me. We made our pitch as to why he should sign onto the Thurmond-Biden crime bill back then. The President looked like he was getting convinced, like maybe he was going to come our way. This is absolutely a true story. With that, Ed Meese stood up and said, ``Mr. President, it's time to go.'' The President wanted to hear what Strom had to say a little longer, but Ed Meese said, ``Mr. President, it's time to go.''  The President was sitting down and then decided it was time to go. He had his arms like this, and he went to get up, and Strom reached over and put his hand on the President's arm and pulled him back down in the seat and he said, ``Mr. President, the one thing you got to know about Washington is that when you get as old as I am, you want to get things done, you have to compromise.''  Who in the Lord's name could have possibly told Ronald Reagan that--he was almost as old as Strom and had been around as long--and smile and make the President laugh? He not only got away with it, he talked the President into his position. That is a remarkable ability. This man can say and do things that if any of the rest of us ever did them, we would be long gone. But do you know why it works? It is because people know where his heart is. People know what his objective is. People know that he is doing what he is doing not for political purposes but because he really believes it.  If you will allow another point of personal privilege here. I remember a very tough time in my career. I was chairman of a committee and there were wild accusations being made about me. I was foolish enough to be trying to run for President of the United States. It was before a very contentious hearing on a Supreme Court Justice. He and I disagreed on whether the justice should be a Justice. I called a meeting of the entire committee off of the committee room in the back and I said, ``Gentlemen''--there were all men on the committee at the time--I said, ``Gentlemen, if these accusations relevant to me are getting in the way of the ability to conduct this committee, I am willing to step down as chairman.'' Before the last syllable got out of my mouth, Strom Thurmond stood up in that meeting and said, ``That's ridiculous. You stay as chairman. We all have confidence in you.'' I said, ``Don't you want me to explain?'' He said, ``There is no need to explain. I know you.''  I will never forget that. I can't think of many other men or women who would, having a significant political advantage at that moment, not only not take advantage, but stand by me--stand by me.  And so I think the thing that makes his 15,000 votes matter so much is that everybody knows they matter to him. They matter to him.  I will close by saying--and I apologize for being so personal, but I think it is the measure of this man, at least in my view. My daughter is 17 years old. She has, like all of us in here who have served in the U.S. Senate for a long time, had the great honor and opportunity to meet kings and princes and presidents and significant political figures. She, like all of our children, pays the price for having a father or mother who is a Senator or who holds high public office. But they also have the advantage of meeting these people as well. She has had scores of pictures taken.  To this day, my beautiful 17-year-old daughter has one picture of a public figure in her bedroom on her dresser that has been there for 9 years, and it is a picture of Senator Strom Thurmond handing her a key chain behind his desk in his office. I didn't ask her to keep that. I kind of wish she would put a Democrat's picture in there. I didn't even make the bureau. But Strom Thurmond is there. I think the reason is because all the time my wife Jill was carrying her, Strom would, every third day, ask me during a hearing what was going on and give me all kinds of advice about what I should and should not do.  My wife and I were in the delivery room and were just handed our beautiful baby girl, and a doctor walked around the corner with a cell phone and said, ``There's a call for you, Senator.'' We were literally in the delivery room. I thought, my God, war must have been declared. I grabbed the phone, thinking it was the most incredible and unusual thing to hand me a phone in the delivery room. I say to my friend from West Virginia that he is not going to be surprised to hear this. ``Joe, Strom. Congratulations.'' How in the Lord's name he knew at that moment is beyond me. But everything with him is personal. It is personal in that he gives. It is personal in that he gives. It is not personal that he holds a grudge. It is not personal that he takes advantage. It is personal. Politics is personal.  Those votes meant something, and the way he has conducted himself in this body makes me very, very, very proud to say I serve with him and very proud to think that he likes me.  It has been a pleasure serving with you. I just hope you do what you did for me on your 90th birthday. I had the great honor to be one of the four speakers at your 90th birthday. But, you old devil, you never told me Richard Nixon was going to be the other speaker when I showed up. It was me, President Nixon, Bob Dole, and a Presbyterian minister, whom I don't remember; he used to work in the Nixon White House.  I just ask for one favor. On your 100th birthday, as you are running for your next term of office, I volunteer to be one of the 500 people, assuming I am still around, who will be happy to stand up and speak for you on your 100th birthday, because I want to be around on your 110th after you finish your next term and a half. I congratulate you, Senator, not on the 15,000 votes, but it is the way you cast them, the way you talked about them, the way you dared about them that makes you unique among all of us in this Chamber.  I yield the floor.  