 President, I have listened to and been involved in this debate now for weeks before this got to the floor, and since it has gotten to the floor, and now in the final moments. And I find myself in an unusual position. I think the claims made by everyone on both sides of this issue are greatly exaggerated.  Although I have voted against vouchers, and have voted against direct funding to private schools, I strongly support, and have since I got here in 1973, the use of the Tax Code to indirectly assist private schools.  My friend from North Dakota talked about how the public schools are getting short shrift, but so are the private schools. The private schools I went to were Catholic grade schools where the average income I expect was lower--I know it was lower in the neighborhood I lived in--than the average income in the public schools. I will not belabor this, mainly because no one is interested and, secondly, because I do not have the time.  I think when we get here on the floor and people say, this is really about priorities, I agree. And if the debate really were whether or not to spend this money for aiding higher and elementary and secondary education, all three--and about $300 million of this bill is for secondary and elementary education through the Tax Code--I would say that is a legitimate debate.  The truth is, most of the people who are voting against this are voting against it because in principle they don't think the Tax Code should be used this way, period. They have no desire under any circumstance--and they think it is anathema to our system--to help even indirectly private schools.  So I find myself in strong disagreement and in a distinct minority in my party on that view. Consequently, I voted against a whole lot of things I have supported for 20 years, because most of the initiatives that were brought up that I supported were in lieu of--in lieu of--this use of the Tax Code, this IRA, which is going to be a very, very small amount of money for most people, by the way.  Then having done that--and I do not in any way suggest that the sponsor of this legislation had this in mind--along came an amendment that trumped everything for me. I have always been an extremely strong supporter of public schools. I have supported education for the 25 years I have been here. With every major education initiative, I have played a small part, at least in my vote, along with the Senator from Massachusetts, who has been the leader in this body on education issues since I have been here.  So along comes an amendment by Senator Gorton that essentially emasculates the notion of Federal participation in the education process in our country. I am not suggesting that he is not philosophically committed to the notion that there should be no Department of Education, that it should all be local. But, I think that is malarkey. I think that is absolutely ``brain dead'' in terms of what this country needs. That is my view.  So now I am faced with a dilemma. I want to support this bill. But, in helping a little tiny bit those parents who send their kids to private schools--over the objection of my friend Senator Kennedy and others--in the process, from my perspective, I would be voting to emasculate the Federal responsibility in education by shifting all programs to a block grant.  I find it ironic, by the way, all this talk from Republicans about, ``We don't want any directed education programs, we want block grants,'' and then everyone voted for a Republican-sponsored amendment to create a new directed Federal Government education program which is not a block grant.  At any rate, I can no longer support this bill. It really makes me angry with myself that I can't vote for this bill. All these years trying to get a little bit of fairness, in my view, for private and parochial schools. It is just about to happen, and I can't vote for it now because it undermines everything I have believed about the role of the Federal Government in education for the last 25 years.  So I say to my friend from Georgia, who has been straight up with me, upfront with me, the whole way--our offices are across from one other--although we met on this and strategized on this, and, I think to the chagrin of my Democratic colleagues, although I helped play a part in getting this bill to the floor, now I can't vote with him.  Now, if you go to conference and this is dropped--that is, the foolishness of the Gorton amendment--and the bill comes back here without the Gorton amendment in it, I will vote for it and I will vote to override a Presidential veto. But I cannot vote for it in its present form.  The reason, Mr. President, I wanted to vote for the Education IRA proposal is because I believe in it. I have always believed--and I voted as far back as 1978--that we should find some way to help financially those parents who wish to send their children to the school of their choice.  That does not mean that I support every effort to provide tax dollars or tax breaks to support private education. But, I have supported--and will continue to support--reasonable, appropriate, constitutional measures that do not take money away from the public schools to help middle-class and lower-income families who choose an alternative to public schools.  Let me also say that my support for this bill--and similar initiatives--should in no way be viewed as an abandonment of public education. Yes, there are some supporters of this bill who believe that there should be no Federal role in education or that the Federal government should not help States fund public education or that we should decrease our commitment to public education. I have not, do not, and never will subscribe to that philosophy.  I have supported and will continue to support increasing funding for public schools and for programs to help the public schools--Title I for disadvantaged children, Goals 2000 academic standards, safe and drug free schools, special education, school construction, and smaller class sizes, to name a few examples. Public education must be our top priority. But, no matter how much those on both sides of this issue try to make it so, this is not an either-or choice--where you either support public education or you support families who choose an alternative to public schools. That is a false choice.  Now, having said all that, Mr. President, let me explain in some detail why I believe it to be true--why I believe this bill is reasonable and appropriate, and does not undermine public education. In doing so, I need to review some of the provisions of this bill, which my colleagues are familiar with. I do this because as I have talked to people about this bill--and as people have talked to me--it is clear that there is a lot of misunderstanding about it. So, let me take a few minutes to explain exactly what this bill is and is not.  This bill is not is a voucher bill. It does not provide a voucher or grant to pay for private schools. This is not a tuition tax credit bill. It does not give a tax write-off for the costs of tuition at private schools. And, this is not a bill to aid private schools. It does not give private schools a dime of tax money.  What this bill does is simply say that the interest earned on a family's savings that are used for education will not be considered taxable income. Let me be more specific.  Last year, we established Education IRAs for higher education. This was a proposal that I had originally introduced in 1996 as part of my comprehensive bill--known as the ``GET AHEAD'' Act--to make college more affordable for middle-class families. Under last year's tax bill, families can now put up to $500 per year into an Education IRA and if that money is later used to pay for the costs of higher education, the interest on that savings will not be taxed.  This bill does two things to build on last year's law. First, it increases the amount that can be put into the account each year from $500 to $2000. Second, for families with incomes under $160,000, the bill allows funds in an Education IRA to be used--without having to pay tax on the interest--for the costs of a child's education at any level--elementary, secondary, or higher education--and at any school, public or private, or for home schooling expenses.  There is no tax deduction for the amount put into the savings account. And, there is no tax deduction for the entire cost of a private school education. Those are myths. This bill simply says that interest earned on Education IRAs--which already exist for higher education--will not be taxed if the money is used at any level of education. What is the harm in that? I see none. We are simply expanding existing Education IRAs so that people can use their own money to pay for elementary and secondary education costs.  Now, Mr. President, here is something interesting. The cost of this proposal is estimated by the Congressional Budget Office to be $1.6 billion over ten years, paid for by closing loopholes in the current tax law--not by taking money away from public schools. But, about $1.3 billion of the cost is expected to result from Education IRAs used to help finance the cost of a higher education. Only $300 million--and, remember, that's over a 10-year period--would result from Education IRAs used to help pay for elementary and secondary education. In other words, less than 20 percent of the cost of this proposal is a result of Education IRAs being used for elementary and secondary education costs--what all the hullabaloo has been about--and some of that would be used by families with children in public schools.  Let me repeat that. Under this bill, Education IRAs can be used to help families whose kids attend public schools. If parents need to buy their kids public school uniforms, they can use this money. If parents need to buy their kids a computer, they can use this money. If a child needs an after-school or summer tutor, parents can pay for that tutor using this money.  How is that a disaster that will befall this nation's public school system? The answer is, it is not. That is a rhetorical exaggeration by opponents of this bill, who are trying to have it both ways. On the one hand, they claim that this bill is significant because it will undermine public education, and on the other hand, they argue that this bill is meaningless because the tax benefit for the average family, they claim, will be $37 per year. Which is it--significant or meaningless? It cannot be both.  The truth is, this bill in the aggregate will have only a marginal impact. But, to some families, it will be a real help. And, so I believe that this bill is an appropriate way to reach a desirable goal--assisting parents who wish to send their children to the school of their choice.  Finally, Mr. President, although I support this bill, let me say that I am disappointed with the way the Republican leadership chose to bring up this bill. I am disappointed because we did not use this opportunity to have a serious debate on education in this country. By any measure, as I just noted, this bill will have only a small impact. And, it will help primarily--not exclusively, but primarily--families whose children attend private schools. I support it out of a sense of fairness.  But, meanwhile, there are 45 million public school children in this country. And, we have schools that are falling down, classes that are overcrowded, and children who have nowhere to go and nothing to do when the final school bell rings at 3:00 in the afternoon. Even if the Education IRA proposal becomes law--which I think it should, and I hope it will--it is not a fix for the problems of America's schools, and we should not pretend otherwise. No matter how important I think this bill is, it is not about making our public schools better. We could have put more money in building and repairing schools. We could have put 100,000 new teachers in our elementary school classrooms to reduce class size. We could have funded after-school programs to help keep kids off the streets and away from crime. We could have done all of these things in addition to the Education IRA proposal. But, we did not.  We have missed the opportunity to think big and have instead gone forward with a bill that gets by with something small. Nonetheless what is being done here is important, and I look forward to voting for it if the Gorton amendment is dropped.  