  And I say to my friend, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, I doubt whether, with the exception of two or three other people in this body, there are as many people who know about the defense budget as my friend does. And I want to say at the outset, what I am about to say is--I say this with all sincerity--I am a little bit confused about the two amendments.  Let me be very specific. The first amendment--I should get the numbers correct of the amendments. Amendment No.--I think it is 2066--that is the amendment that speaks to two things, one, a sense of the Senate regarding the common-funded budget or put another way--and I agree with the chairman of the Appropriations Committee that it is--we are instructing the President to negotiate down the percent that we, the United States, contribute to the common budgets of NATO. I think that is appropriate. I think that is necessary.  In 1950, the percent of the common budget that the United States paid was roughly 50 percent. And in the only renegotiation that took place, that was cut in half and went down to approximately 25 percent. The Senator knows better than I do, there are three common budgets. They are slightly different in terms of percentages, but essentially it is 25 percent. And it should be lower, in my view. I thank him for making it a sense of the Senate rather than a condition to passage of the treaty.  The second part of that amendment states--and I have a little difficulty with it, but I am prepared to accept it on our side--it says--and I quote on page 2, line 19:       Annual Limitation On United States Expenditures For NATO.      Unless specifically authorized by law, the total amount of      expenditures by the United States in any fiscal year      beginning on or after October 1, 1998, for payments to the      common-funded budgets of NATO shall not exceed the total of      all such payments made by the United States in fiscal year      1998.  Now, that means, as I understand it, because a lot of our colleagues who do not spend as much time on these issues because of their committee assignments as the Senator from Alaska, the Senator from North Carolina, the Senator from Delaware--we are on committees that have these responsibilities--are somewhat confused, as I am, when we start talking about HCFA and a whole range of issues relating to the Department of Health and Human Services.  The common budget of NATO are all those expenditures which all 16 NATO members have to pitch in to pay for. Now, above the common budget, we have in the past, and we will continue in the future, I expect, expend dollars on--military dollars, State Department dollars, Defense Department dollars--on NATO member countries that are not part of a common budget.  For example, as the Senator knows better than I do, we have come up with subsidized sales of weapons systems to Greece or to Turkey. We have done the same in terms of cascading down weapons we are no longer using to other NATO countries. They do not fall within the common budget; they are expenditures of American taxpayer dollars on European countries that are members of NATO.  The way this amendment I am referring to would work, as I understand it, if in the year 1998 the United States of America spent $10--I am going to make this easy for me--$10 contributing to the common budget of NATO, that is, it represents 25 percent of all the expenditures, and all of NATO spent $40 on the common budget, we spent $10, in the year 1999 or 2000, we would be limited to spending $10 toward the common budget even if the total common budget went up to $110 because we would only be able to spend $10, which would represent a lower percentage than our 25 percent unless the authorizing committees in question specifically authorized the additional expenditures.  Is that correct?  