 Con. Res. 105, which expresses the sense of the Congress regarding the culpability of Slobodan Milosevic for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in the former Yugoslavia.  Yugoslav President Milosevic is the walking definition of an unscrupulous politician. I have come to understand the stark truth that the only thing that matters to Milosevic is his own political survival. The only thing.  Since his rise to power in Serbia in the late 1980's, he has been a failure at everything he has attempted--except, I regret to say, in staying in power.  Slobodan Milosevic has been an unmitigated disaster for the Serbian people.  As a result of his insane attempt at creating a ``Greater Serbia,'' the centuries-old Serbian culture in the Krajina and Western Slavonia in Croatia has been extinguished, the Bosnian Serb community has been decimated and impoverished, and Serbian life in Kosovo seems on the verge of eradication.  Of course, that is only half of the story, for Slobodan Milosevic has also been a curse for many of the neighboring peoples of the Serbs. His vile ``ethnic cleansing'' led to a quarter-million deaths and more than two million refugees and displaced persons in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Bosnian Muslims, Bosnian Croats, and Croats in Croatia were brutalized and murdered.  Most recently, Milosevic's special police storm troopers have moved their grisly activities to Kosovo where they are visiting upon the ethnic Albanian population the same horrors suffered by the Bosnians and Croats.  I would like to add a personal note. I believe that I am one of only a very few Senators who have met Milosevic, and I am certain that I am the only one who ever called him a war criminal to his face.  In April 1993, on the first of my many trips to Bosnia, I also stopped off in Belgrade to see Milosevic. In the course of a lengthy meeting that went on late into the evening, I went through the entire litany of the horrors that his Serbian troops had perpetrated and were continuing to perpetrate. Of course, Milosevic protested that he had no control over any of this.  Nonetheless, he later asked if I wanted to meet Radovan Karadzic, the Bosnian Serb leader who has subsequently been indicted as a war criminal. I said yes, and twenty minutes later Karadzic came running up the steps of Milosevic's palace, totally out of breath. Rather interesting for a guy who supposedly had no influence in Bosnia!  After all this, Milosevic looked across the table and asked, ``What do you think of me?''  I answered, ``I think you're a damn war criminal!''  Milosevic's reaction was like water off a duck's back. He just resumed talking as if nothing had happened. He might as well have said, ``lots of luck in your sophomore year!'' This is one brazen guy.  Mr. President, I said earlier that the only thing Milosevic cares about is his political survival. I believe that for the first time there is a reasonable chance that he may be failing in this arena too.  In the person of Milo Djukanovic, the dynamic, young reformist President of Montenegro, the junior partner of Serbia in the Yugoslav Federation, the democratic opposition to Milosevic has both a new leader and a constitutional means of expressing its opposition. We must continue to support Djukanovic and Montenegro in their struggle.  In the meantime, as S. Con. Res. 105 urges, the international community should speedily bring Milosevic to trial before the International Tribunal in the Hague for his criminal behavior.  There is no possibility for lasting peace in the Balkans until Serbia has a democratic government, willing to live in peace and equality with its non-Serb citizens and non-Serb neighbors. Removing Milosevic from power is the sine qua non for this to happen, and S. Con. Res. 105 charts the path.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the amendments at the desk, the resolution, and the preamble be agreed to, that the resolution, as amended, be agreed to, that the preamble be agreed to, as amended, and that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and that any statements relating to the resolution appear at this point in the Record.  