 I am a cosponsor, although I cannot take credit for the drafting. It is totally a product of my friend from Arizona, and it is an admirable job. The Senator from Oregon and I were just talking about what a good amendment this is. I am glad to cosponsor it. But let me maybe help.  I have in my hand the alliance's Strategic Concept of 1991, the last one that occurred. It is the present operating doctrine for NATO. My friend from Virginia pointed out that the North Atlantic Assembly committee gets together and they decide whether this should be updated periodically, what it should say, and what article V of the Washington treaty means. Article V of the Washington treaty, the NATO treaty, was read earlier by my friend from Virginia.  It starts off, the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in Europe or North America shall be considered an attack against them all, consequently, and it goes on from there. Let me read from the strategic concept, the alliance's strategic concept, which is the operating strategy of NATO, as we speak, the one that was, in effect, redone in 1991 to respond to the changed circumstances, meaning no longer the Soviet Union, the Berlin Wall is down, and all these nations. We are talking about independent republics and nations themselves. OK. That is the concept in which the strategic document came about.  On page 4, under ``Security Challenges and Risks,'' paragraph 10, the present strategic doctrine of NATO reads as follows:       Risks to allied security are less likely to result from      calibrated aggression against the territories of the allies,      but rather from adverse consequences of instability that may      arise from serious economic, social, or political      difficulties, including ethnic rivalries and territorial      disputes . . .  --border disputes, and ethnic rivalries. Excuse me. Let me be clear that I don't want to misquote. Go back to the quote:       . . . political difficulties, including ethnic rivalries,      and territorial disputes.  Parenthetically inserted by me was border disputes, and what is going on in Bosnia now.  Back to the quote:       . . . which are faced by many countries in Central and      Eastern Europe . . .  Not members of NATO.       . . . the tensions which may result, as long as they remain      limited, should not directly threaten the security and      territorial integrity of members of the alliance. They could      however lead to a crisis inimical to European stability and      even to armed conflicts which would involve outside powers,      or spill over into NATO countries having a direct effect on      the security of the alliance.  Nothing to do with the expansion of NATO--zero, zero to do with expansion. Presently, NATO interprets article V to represent--is interpreted and laid out tactically in the alliance's strategic concept as interpreted by the 16 NATO nations. It authorizes and allows, and they in advance acknowledge that NATO will deem, under article V, instability as a consequence of ethnic rivalries, or boundary and territorial integrity. They will interpret that. They may interpret that to be a threat to the security of any of the member nations; ergo, you are then allowed under NATO strategic doctrine, if all NATO countries agree, as they do in this doctrine, to use force.  What is happening in this debate, unintentionally, as I said to my friend from Virginia yesterday, and what we are really debating in the biggest debate that has occurred is what the greatest differences have been over NATO strategy as it now exists.  That is really what people are arguing about. They are really arguing not about what these three additional countries will do to impact on strategy. They are basically arguing, as they should, as they should, whether or not this outfit we put together almost 40-some years ago still is relevant today, whether we should still have it. But the strategic doctrine today put in place in 1991 says, and I will repeat, ``Risks to allied securities are less likely to result from calculated aggression against the territory of the allies but, rather, from adverse consequences of instability that may arise from serious economic, social and political difficulties including ethnic rivalries, territorial disputes which are faced by many countries in Central and Eastern Europe.''  Now, my friend from New York, who is opposing the expansion, is probably the single most qualified man in the Congress, having written about and predicting the kind of chaos that would come from the male fist of communism being lifted off of the sectarian rivalries that have been subsumed under that heavy hand in the Communist rule--he predicted in a book he published several years ago, that I recommend to everyone, that there would be crisis in Europe. It would not be Soviet armies invading.  So my friends who keep saying: Look, we ought to reflect reality, NATO should reflect the real world, as Senator Smith from New Hampshire kept saying yesterday, NATO did just that in their strategic doctrine of 1991. They said the risk--paraphrasing--is not from Soviet divisions; it is from ethnic rivalries, economic, social, and political instability. That is where our risks lie and we must respond to those risks.  So nothing new is being stated by my friend from Arizona. He is not breaking new ground. He is reiterating a basic principle of the strategic doctrine that exists now. And if we vote down these three countries, it will still exist. To the extent you have a fight, an argument with that section of his amendment, which I cosponsor, you do not have a fight about expansion. You have a fight about why don't you introduce an amendment that says the strategic doctrine of NATO should not be what my friend states it should be and, in fact, is.  So, again, we tend to----  