 President, I will be very brief. I want to associate myself, as we say, with the remarks of the Senator from Hawaii. I am probably only the second person who is going to rise today who opposes gambling. My State has decided to go that route. I have taken an unpopular position in my State. Fortunately, I am not Governor, I am a Senator, and everybody knows we don't pay attention to Senators back in the State--at least in my case.  I do support the Craig amendment on the grounds stated by the Senator from Hawaii. It seems to me that what the Craig amendment does is exactly what the Senator from Hawaii has stated, which is that it makes it clear that the intention stated by my friend from Arizona is in fact met, that it does not in fact directly, or indirectly, by inference or otherwise, amend IGRA.  It seems to me that, on a larger principle, we are always all too ready, in the 25 years I have been here, to say we believe in the sovereignty of the Indian nations. And we are very ready, whenever they do anything we don't like, to conclude that we in fact do not recognize and should not recognize their sovereignty. Further, we add insult to injury and the only time we treat them as sovereign nations is when we are handing out money, when we have programs. One of the exceptions in the crime bill is that Indian nations can apply for police officers directly, just like the State of Delaware, or the town of Wilmington, or the county of Columbus could do so.  So I find it somewhat interesting when, in fact, we find it in our interest--meaning we are not going to spend money--to recognize the sovereignty of Indian nations--we are ready to do that. But when Indian nations want to do something that somehow is viewed as impinging upon another interest in a State in which the Indian nation happens to be located, we are all ready to say, no, no, no, let's hold up.  I will not take any more time, in light of the hour. We are about to vote. I agree fully with the Senator from Hawaii. I share his view about gambling generally, and I share his view about the Craig amendment specifically.  I yield the floor.  