 President, I am pleased to join with my good friend, the distinguished Ranking Member of the Budget Committee, Frank Lautenberg, in introducing this amendment. We are in excellent company, joined by the distinguished Chairman of the Finance Committee, Bill Roth, the distinguished Majority Leader, and other supporters of Amtrak.  As I testified just last week before Senator Shelby's Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Amtrak is currently under the gun--both the Amtrak Reform Act we passed last year, and our current budget plans assume that Amtrak will be without operating subsidies beginning in 2002.  Personally, I am not convinced that this is a wise course of action. Virtually all passenger rail systems in the world are supported by public funds, because their benefits--reduced congestion on highways and at airports, less air pollution--are enjoyed by those who may never ride a train. Public support does not automatically signify inefficiency, Mr. President; in the case of passenger rail, it is a recognition that the public benefits are not fully paid for by individual ticket purchases.  But it is even clearer, Mr. President, that passenger rail deserves support for its major capital needs. Just as the federal government provides funds for highways, airports, ship channels, and ports, it has a proper role--justified by the strictest notions of economic efficiency--in providing support for the basic infrastructure of our national transportation system.  Despite the heavy burdens placed on Amtrak by years of under funding, Amtrak has responded with increased efficiency--and has undertaken a business plan that aims at operating self-sufficiency by the year 2002.  This amendment expresses the sense of the Senate that we should live up to our end of the deal we entered into when we passed the Amtrak Reform Act last year--we should, at an absolute minimum, provide Amtrak with the funds necessary for them to reach 2002 with the equipment, routes, and ridership that will make that self-sufficiency possible. That means providing Amtrak with the funds--both long-term high-return capital from its capital funds, as well as operating support--that they anticipate in that business plan.  And I must add, Mr. President, that following the recommendation of last year's Presidential Emergency Board, Amtrak has agreed to provide pay raises for its long-suffering workers. To make good on that commitment, and to provide similarly for all of the workers that have gone for years without a pay raise--or even a contact--Amtrak will require the funding level we commit to with his amendment.  I am gratified that we have the support of so many of my colleagues for this amendment. Today, we will put the Senate on record in support of funds for Amtrak that will allow them to achieve the goals that we have set for them. That, Mr. President, is the least we can do.  