 President, despite this dialog, as I indicated, scholars agree on two important points and a third issue where the weight of history suggests subtle practice. Let me speak to that.  As we already have seen, the framers did not intend that the President could be impeached for maladministration alone. Second, a great deal of evidence from outside the convention shows that both the framers and the ratifiers saw ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' as pointing to offenses that are serious, not petty, offenses that are public or political, not private or personal.  In 1829, William Rawle authored one of the early commentaries on the Constitution of the United States. In it, Rawle states that ``the legitimate causes of impeachment . . . can only have reference to public character and official duty.  He went on to say:       In general, those offences which may be committed equally      by a private person as a public officer are not--  Emphasis, not--       the subjects of impeachment.  In addition, more than 150 years ago, Joseph Story, as my learned colleague who is presiding knows was a lawyer, Joseph Story and his influential commentaries on the Constitution stated that impeachment is ``ordinarily'' a remedy for offenses ``of a political character,'' ``growing out of personal misconduct, or gross neglect, or usurpation, or habitual disregard of the public interests, in the discharge of the duties of political office.''  The public character of the impeachment offense is further reinforced by the limited nature of the remedy for the offense. In the English tradition, which we rejected, impeachments were punishable by fines, imprisonment or even death.  In contrast, the American Constitution completely separates the issue of criminal sanctions from the issue of removal from office.  Our Constitution states that, ``Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust, or Profit under the United States. * * * '' Article I, section 3, clause 7.  The remedy for violations of the public's trust in the performance of one's official duties, in other words, is limited to removal from that office and disqualification from holding further office; remedies that, I might add, correspond nicely to the public nature of the offenses in the first instance.  Additional support comes from another commentator, James Wilson, a delegate to the Convention from Pennsylvania. In his lectures on the Constitution, Wilson wrote:       In the United States and Pennsylvania, impeachments are      confined to political characters, to political crimes and      misdemeanors, and to political punishments.  All in all, the evidence is quite strong that impeachment was understood as a remedy for abuse of official power, breaches of public trust, or other derelictions of the duties of office.  The third point to make about the scope of the impeachment power is this: To be impeachable, an offense does not have to be a breach of the criminal law.  The renowned constitutional scholar and personal friend and adviser, the late Phillip Kurland, the leading constitutional scholar of this century, I argue, wrote that:       At both the convention that framed the Constitution and at      the conventions that ratified it, the essence of an      impeachable offense was thought to be breach of trust and not      violation of criminal law. And this was in keeping with the      primary function of impeachment, removal from office.  If you put the notion that an impeachable offense must be a serious breach of an official trust or duty, together with the point that it does not have to be a criminal violation, you reach the conclusion that not all crimes are impeachable, and not every impeachable offense need be a crime.  These points provide important anchors for any impeachment inquiry, but they do not resolve all the questions of scope that may arise. Much remains to be worked out, and only to be worked out, in the context of particular circumstances and allegations. As Hamilton explained in Federalist 65 impeachment ``can never be tied down by * * * strict rules, either in the delineation of the offense by the prosecutors or in the construction of it by the judges. * * *''  After all the legal research, we are still left with the realization that the power to convict for impeachment constitutes an ``awful discretion.''  This brings us directly to the Senate's role. To state it bluntly, I believe the role of the U.S. Senate is to resolve all the remaining questions. Let me elaborate.  The Senate's role as final interpreter of impeachments was recognized from the beginning of the Republic. For example, to refer again to Joseph Story, after he devoted almost 50 sections of his commentaries to various disputed questions about the impeachment power, he concluded that the final decision on the unresolved issues relating to impeachment ``may be reasonably left to the high tribunal, constituting the court of impeachment.''  I.e., the U.S. Senate, the floor upon which I stand.  The court of impeachment, the Senate, similarly was viewed in the Federalist Papers and referred to Senators as the judges of impeachment. Speaking of the Senate as the jury in impeachment trials is perhaps a more common analogy these days as you turn on your television and hear many of us speak. But the judge analogy is a more accurate analogy than the juror analogy.  In impeachment trials, the Senate certainly does sit as a finder of fact, as a jury does. But it also sits as a definer of the acceptable standards upon which the President is being judged, as a judge would do. The Senate, in other words, determines not only whether the accused has performed the acts that form the basis for the House of Representatives' articles of impeachment but also whether those actions justify removal from office.  So let's lay to rest this idea that if the President--any President--is impeached by the House of Representatives, and specific articles are alleged of violations, and we find the President violated the very charge that the House has made--that does not mean we must vote for impeachment, for we can reject the grounds upon which the House impeached in the first instance as being not sufficiently sound to meet ``high crimes and misdemeanors.'' There is no question about that, and yet it seems to be a question in the minds of the press. There is no question about that.  Once again, we find support for this view from our country's history. In two of the first three impeachments brought forward from the House to the U.S. Senate, the Senate acquitted the accused. In each of the two acquittals, however, the Senate did not disagree with the House on the facts.  One case involved a Senator, William Blount, the other an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, Samuel Chase. In neither one was there any question that the individual had done the deeds that formed the basis of the House's articles of impeachment. Yet in each case the Senate concluded that the deeds were not sufficient to constitute valid grounds for impeachment, and so they acquitted.  Eventually then, if the current impeachment proceeds, it will fall to the Senate to decide not only the facts but the law and to evaluate whether or not the specific actions of the President are sufficiently serious to warrant being thrown out of office--being convicted.  The framers intended that the Senate have as its objective doing what was best for the country, taking context and circumstances fully into account.  I should try to be as clear as I can about this point because the media discussions have come close to missing it. It seems to be widely assumed that if the President committed perjury, for example, then he must be impeached, and he must be convicted if the Senate concludes he perjured himself. Conversely, you may think that unless it can be proven that the President committed perjury, or violated some other criminal statute, that impeachment cannot occur. Both sentiments and statements are wrong.  Recall what I said earlier: Not all crimes are impeachable offenses and not every impeachable offense need be a crime to throw a President out of office.  The Senate, for example, could decline to convict, even if the President had committed perjury, if it concluded that under the circumstances this perjury did not constitute a sufficiently serious breach of duty toward removal of the President. There is no question about that either.  On the other hand, the Senate could convict a President of an impeachable offense even if it were not a violation of the criminal law. For instance, if the Senate concluded that the President had committed abuses of power sufficiently grave, it need not find any action to amount to a violation of some criminal statute.  Let me give you an example. If there was overwhelming proof that every day the President came to his office, the Oval Office, drunk, that is not a crime, but it is impeachable--it is impeachable--committing no crime, but is impeachable. Conversely, if the Senate can conclude that the President liedabout whether or not he had an affair, they could conclude that did not constitute an impeachable offense warranting expulsion. Now, again I am not prejudging what we should decide, but I think it is very important we understand what latitude and obligations we have.  Let me now stand back from the issue of substance and procedure and look at the impeachment mechanism as it has actually functioned in our country's history. The proof of the framers' design, after all, will be in how the mechanism has worked in practice.  I am almost finished, Mr. President.  As we have seen, the framers worried that impeaching a sitting President would most likely be highly charged with partisan politics and preexisting factions, enlisting, as they said, all of the ``animosities, partialities, and influence and interest'' that inevitably swirl around a sitting President. History shows, Mr. President, they had it right from the get-go. They had it right. And they were right to worry about it.  Prior to the case of President Nixon, Presidential impeachment had only been used for partisan purposes. History tells us that John Tyler was an enormously unpopular President, facing a hostile Congress dominated by his arch political enemy, Henry Clay--one of the several people younger than me when he got here. He was an amazing guy. Here he was, a leader in the House of Representatives before he was 25, and he became a U.S. Senator before he was 30.  During the impeachment effort of John Tyler, what he was facing, Tyler, was a hostile Congress dominated by the young Henry Clay. After several years of continual clashes, numerous Presidential vetoes, and divisive conflicts with the Senate over appointments, a select committee of the House issued a report recommending a formal impeachment inquiry.  President Tyler, not being as dumb as everyone thought, reached out to his political enemies. How did he do that? He signed an important bill raising tariffs, which had been one of the reasons that there was such animosity between him and Henry Clay and his friends. He raised tariffs which he had formerly opposed. And he found other means of cooperation with Congress.  In the end, even Henry Clay, speaking from the floor of the U.S. Senate, urged the slowdown on the impeachment proceedings that he had moved to initiate, suggesting instead a lesser action of a ``want of confidence.'' ``Want of confidence''--does it sound familiar? Does it sound at all like the idea of having the President sanctioned in some way other than impeachment? Does it sound like censuring the President? ``Want of confidence.''  So Clay suggested that a ``want of confidence'' vote, rather than a formal impeachment proceeding, might be better. So in early 1843, the resolution to proceed with an impeachment--whether to proceed with the impeachment inquiry, was defeated on the House floor, 127-83. They had already begun the process of inquiry, and along came Tyler, and he said, ``I'll make peace with you.''  In 1868, Andrew Johnson came much closer to conviction on charges of serious misconduct. No southerner will be unaware of--I ask unanimous consent that I be able to proceed for another 10 minutes.  