 President, during the past 26 years as a U.S. Senator, I, like all who sit here, have been confronted with some of the most significant issues that have faced our Nation in the last quarter century--issues ranging from who sits on the highest court of the land, the Supreme Court, to whether or not we should go to war. These and others are, obviously, weighty issues. But none of the decisions has been more awesome, or more daunting, or more compelling than the issue of whether to impeach a sitting President of the United States of America, a responsibility that no Senator will take lightly.  As imposing as this undertaking is, I am sad to say that I have had to contemplate this issue twice during my service as a U.S. Senator--once during the term of President Richard Milhous Nixon, and now.  While the circumstances surrounding these two events are starkly different, the consequences are starkly the same. The gravity of removing a sitting President from office is the same today as it was 26 years ago. And 26 years ago as a much younger U.S. Senator, I took to the floor on April 10, 1974, and said the following:       In the case of an impeachment trial, the emotions of the      American people would be strummed, as a guitar, with every      newscast and each edition of the daily paper in communities      throughout the country. The incessant demand for news or      rumors of news--whatever its basis of legitimacy--would be      overwhelming. The consequential impact on the Federal      institutions of government would be intense--and not      necessarily beneficial. This is why my plea today [that was      1974] is for restraint on the part of all parties involved in      the affair.  It is somewhat presumptuous for any Senator to quote himself. But I cite it to point out that my views then with a Republican President are the same as my views today with the Democratic U.S. President. It is time for all parties involved in this affair to show restraint.  I rise today because I believe that we are not exercising the restraint as we should. Those words that I said 24 years ago have an uncanny ring to them. Furthermore, in 1974, I urged my colleagues in the U.S. Senate during the Watergate period to learn from the story of Alice in Wonderland. I cautioned then that they remember Alice's plight when the Queen declared, ``Sentence first and verdict afterwards.'' But the need for restraint then is even greater now than it was in 1974.  The impeachment question then was not as politically charged as it is today. In 1974, we were willing to hear all the evidence before we made any decision. We had men like Howard Baker and Sam Ervin. We had men like Chairman Peter Rodino. We had Democrats and Republicans. I remember a brilliant young Senator from Maine, who was then a Congressman named William Cohen, a Republican, and now our Secretary of Defense. He was a Congressman from Maine. I remember how serious they took the process, how much restraint they showed, and how bipartisan their actions were.  Today, I hope for our Nation's sake--not the President's, but for our Nation's sake--that we don't follow the Queen's directive in Alice in Wonderland to ``sentence first and verdict afterwards,'' and that we will make a wise judgment about the fate of the President after deliberate consideration.  My legal training combined with more than a quarter of century of experience in the U.S. Senate, a significant part of that as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, has taught me several important lessons. Two of these are lessons that I believe are appropriate now. First is that an orderly society must first care about justice; and, second, all that is constitutionally permissible may not be just or wise.  Let me repeat the latter. All that is constitutionally permissible to do may be not wise to do, or may not be just in the doing.  It is with these two very important lessons guiding me that I embark upon a very important decision involving our country, our Constitution and our President. The power to overturn and undo a popular election by the people for the first time in our Nation's history must be exercised with great care and with sober deliberation.  We should not forget that 47.4 million Americans voted for our President in 1996, and 8.2 million voted for the President's opponent. We should also not forget, as I tell my students in the constitutional law class I teach on separation of powers, that the entire essence of our constitutional system is built upon the notion of the consent of the governed, and when we deign to overturn a decision of the governed, we are on very thin ice.  I believe Members of Congress should begin their deliberation with a thorough understanding of the impeachment process. They should understand what the framers of the Constitution intended the standard of impeachment to be. I have heard no discussion of that issue thus far. And, further, how the framers of the Constitution intended the process to work; again, I have heard no discussion of that thus far.  Let me say at the outset that what President Clinton did and acknowledged to have done is reprehensible. It was, at a minimum, a horrible lapse in judgment, and it has brought shame upon him personally. It has brought shame upon the Office of the Presidency, and his actions have hurt his family, his friends, his supporters, the causes for which he fights, and the country as a whole. I am confident that he fully understands the gravity of what he has done now.  Let me also say that I have made no judgment. I have not made any decision on what I think should happen. I have not come to any conclusion as to consequences the President should face for his shameful behavior, because I believe the oath of office that I have taken on five solemn occasions--four which were right here in the well, and one which was in a hospital in Wilmington, DE--on those five occasions, the oath that I took I believe precludes me, and I will respectfully suggest any other Senator, from prejudging, as I and all other Senators may be required to serve as the Constitution dictates, as judge and juror in what may become the trial of this century. I can only make--and I would respectfully suggestall of us can only make--an assessment after hearing all the evidence, evidence against the President and evidence in support of the President. No one knows, to the best of my knowledge, but the Lord Almighty, how all this will turn out. However, because this is the second time in my career I have had to face this awesome responsibility, I have given this topic a great deal of thought and consideration and would like to explore, with the indulgence of the Presiding Officer, some of the issues that I believe will surely confront responsible Members of Congress and all Americans as we enter this difficult period in our history.  Mr. President, the framers of the Constitution who met in Philadelphia in the summer of 1787 considered--and this is a fact little known, at least little spoken to--offering this country a Constitution that did not include the power to impeach the President. Let me reemphasize that. The founders considered not including in our Constitution the power to remove the President from office. After all, they reasoned, any wrongs against the public would be dealt with by turning the President out in the next election. To overturn an election, which I will speak to in a moment, would lend itself to political chicanery.  One delegate to the Constitutional Convention, Charles Pinckney of South Carolina, worried that the threat of impeachment would place the President under the thumb of a hostile Congress, thereby weakening the independence of the office and threatening the doctrine upon which our Constitution was built--the separation of powers. According to James Madison's notes, Pinckney called impeachment a ``rod'' that Congress would hold over the President.  In being reluctant to include any impeachment power, the framers were not trying to create an imperial Presidency. In fact, what they were worried about was protecting all American citizens against the tyranny of a select group. In their view, the separation of powers constituted one of the most powerful means for protecting individual liberty, because it prevented Government power from being concentrated in any single branch of Government. To make the separation of powers work properly, they reasoned, each branch must be sufficiently strong and independent from the other so that the power of one branch could not be encroached upon by the other.  The framers were concerned that any process whereby the legislative branch, the branch they deemed ``the most dangerous,'' could sit in judgment of a President who would be vulnerable to the abuse of partisan faction which, as my friend and Presiding Officer and gifted lawyer knows, was one of the overwhelming, recurring concerns of the founders--partisan politics. They feared that this most dangerous branch could sit in judgment of a President who would be vulnerable to abuse by partisan factions.  Federalist No. 65 begins its defense of the impeachment process which ultimately was included by warning of the dangers of the abuse--of the abuse--of the power. It argues, Federalist 65, that is, that impeachment:       . . . will seldom fail to agitate the passions of the whole      community, and to divide them into parties, more or less      friendly or inimical, to the accused. In many cases, it will      connect itself with the preexisting factions, and will enlist      all their animosities, particularities, influence and      interest on one side, or on the other; and in such cases      there will always be the greatest danger that the decision      will be regulated more by the comparative strength of the      parties than by the real demonstration of guilt or innocence.  Don't you find it kind of fascinating that the Federalist Papers, which were the 1787-1788-1789 version of advertising to sell the Constitution, don't you think it fascinating, instead of them writing about, warning about the abuse of power by the President requiring impeachment, they wrote about and were concerned about and more debate was conducted about the abuse of power by political factions in the legislative branch to overturn the will of the American people?  So the framers were fully aware that the impeachment process could become partisan attacks on the President--charged with animosities generated by all manner of trials, prior struggles and disagreements over executive branch decisions, over policy disputes, over resentment at losing the prior election, and God only knows what else.  Federalist No. 65 expresses the view that the use of impeachment to vindicate any of these animosities would actually be an abuse of power. So the power that they were at least equally in part worried about being abused was the partisan power of a legislative body to overturn a decision of the American people--giving too much power to the legislative branch at the expense of the executive branch, thereby diluting the separation of powers doctrine, concentrating it too much in one place and thereby jeopardizing the liberty and freedom of individual Americans.  This sentiment that I referred to about the abuse of power by this body and the House is as true today as it was when the Constitution was being written. It was also true when Richard Nixon faced impeachment in 1974. In fact, it would have been wrong for Richard Nixon to have been removed from office based upon a purely partisan vote. No President should be removed from office merely because one party enjoys a commanding lead in either House of Congress. And I would remind my colleagues that when I arrived here in 1973, and when the Nixon hearings were going on in 1974, the Democratic Party--and he was obviously a Republican--enjoyed an overwhelming, commanding plurality of votes. My recollection is there were roughly 64 Democratic Members of the Senate at the time, and a prohibitively large plurality of Democrats in the House of Representatives. In fact, it would have been wrong then, as it would be wrong now, to have removed him based upon the power that was in the hands of one party. No President should be removed merely because one party enjoys a commanding lead in either House of Congress.  Yet, while the framers knew that the impeachment process could become partisan, they needed to deal with the strong anti-Federalist factions that jeopardized the possibility of the Constitution being ratified by the requisite number of States. The anti-Federalists strenuously argued that the Federal Government would quickly get out of step with the sentiments of the people and become vulnerable to corruption and intrigue, arrogance and tyranny. These charges proved close to fatal as the ratifying conventions in the States took up the proposed Constitution.  It was with this looming danger in mind, of losing the ratification fight, that the Federalists decided to include the impeachment provision in the Constitution. The framers of the Constitution knew that the Constitution would have been even more vulnerable to charges of establishing a government remote from the people if the President were not subject to removal except at the next election.  James Madison's notes, again, of the Philadelphia Constitutional Convention, record his observations of the debate, where he said he:       . . . thought it indispensable that some provision should      be made for defending the community against the incapacity,      negligence or perfidy of the chief magistrate, [that is, the      President]. The limitation of the period of his service was      not a sufficient security. He might lose his capacity after      his appointment. He might pervert his administration into a      scheme of speculation or oppression. He might betray his      trust to foreign powers.  So, those concerns, those concerns expressed by Madison about whether or not the President might lose his ability to lead, might ``pervert his administration to a scheme of speculation or oppression, might betray his trust to a foreign power''--they were thought to be sufficient reason to include the power of impeachment in the Constitution. So, in the end, the framers of the Constitution risked the abuse of power by the Congress to gain the advantages of impeachment.  Once the decision to include the power of impeachment had been made, the remainder of the debate on the impeachment clause focused on two issues. The first debate, which we do not even talk about, was whether or not to give the power to the Congress to impeach, and weighed the advantages and disadvantages. The disadvantage was, it would lead to partisan bickering and abuse of power by the Congress. But that was outweighed, ultimately, in their minds, by the process that a President could and might subvert the interests of this country to a foreign power or subvert the office tooppress the people or to take advantage of the office in a way that was inappropriate in the minds of the American people.  Once that decision was made, though, they then focused on, OK, we are going to include it, but--but--what was supposed to constitute an impeachable offense? Put another way, what was the standard going to be that they expected the Congress to use? And then they said: After we decide that, we have to decide how is impeachment to work? How is the process to be undertaken? And what were the procedures that should be set down as to how to approach such an awesome undertaking?  As we shall see, the framers proved unable to separate these two issues entirely. Understanding how they are entwined, however--that is, the question of what constitutes an impeachable offense and how is the mechanism to work--understanding how these two issues are intertwined, I believe, will help us to understand the full implications of the power that the Constitution gives those of us who serve in the Congress. The Constitution provides that the House of Representatives shall have the power to impeach--article I, section 2, clause 5.  The framers' decision that the House of Representatives would initiate the charges of impeachment follows the pattern of the English Parliament, where the House of Lords initiates charges of impeachment. Beyond this, the choice--the choice of the House being given this power--must have seemed fairly compelled by two related considerations.  The first, already mentioned, was the need to provide the people as a whole with assurances that the Government they were being asked to create would be responsive to the interests and concerns of the people themselves. So what better place to go than the people's house, the House of Representatives?  The second reason for the House being given this power to initiate was the framers' substantive understanding of the impeachment power. It was a power to hold accountable Government officers who had, in Hamilton's terms, committed ``an abuse or violation of some public trust,'' thereby committing an injury ``done immediately to the society itself.''  Keep in mind what they are talking about here--at least what Hamilton was talking about--as to what constituted the kind of offense that was contemplated to be impeachable: Something that was an abuse or violation of the public trust and done immediately to the society itself.  If the gravamen of an impeachment is the breach of public trust, no branch of the Federal Government could have seemed more appropriate to initiate such a proceeding than the House of Representatives, which was conceived and defended as the Chamber most in tune with the people's sympathies and hence most appropriate to reflect the people's views as to whether the society itself was done immediate harm.  The Constitution further provides that the President shall be ``removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.'' Article 2, section 4 of the U.S. Constitution.  The Constitution provides that ``the House of Representatives shall . . . have the . . . Power of Impeachment.'' Article I, section 2, clause 5. And the Senate shall remove from office on ``Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.''  This language, the language about what he should be removed for, went through several changes during the summer of 1787. In the initial drafts, the grounds for impeachment--once the debate was over as to whether or not to include impeachment as a power--the initial drafts, the grounds for impeachment, were restricted to treason and bribery alone, period; nothing else--not another single thing.  I remind my friends who call themselves strict constructionists--I have run into them over my 26-year career and, as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, have had numerous debates with now Supreme Court Justices, and some who are not Supreme Court Justices, on what is the proper methodology for interpreting the Constitution. Those who view themselves as strict constructionists say the words, if their plain meaning is clear, control.  Initially this debate, once impeachment was decided upon as a power that would be granted to the Congress, included impeachable offenses for only two purposes: Treason or bribery.  When the matter was brought up on September 8, 1787, George Mason, of Virginia, inquired as to why the grounds should be restricted only to those two provisions. He reasoned that there are other ways the public trust in government can be abused, so why only these two? He argued:       Attempts to subvert the Constitution may not be treason as      above defined.  So, accordingly, he moved to add the word ``maladministration'' as a third ground for impeachment.  James Madison objected to Mason's motion, contending that to add ``so vague a term''--the term being maladministration--to add ``so vague a term will be equivalent to a tenure during the pleasure of the Senate.''  Or put another way, if you said ``maladministration,'' the majority party in the House and the Senate could at any time overturn an election by alleging maladministration. So Madison came along and said, ``I understand what you are trying to do, old George, to Mason''--my words, not theirs--``I understand what you are trying to do here; we acknowledge that you can violate the public trust and abuse the office to do injury to the American people other than by treason and bribery.'' But if you read Madison's notes, if you read the debate, as I have, I challenge you to find an interpretation other than essentially what I am giving you here, which is this: ``But, George, if you put maladministration on, it will be subject to too much--too much--abuse. And, George, I acknowledge that something beyond treason and bribery can do harm. But, George, let's be careful what we add.''  They debated it. James Madison objected to the motion, as I said, because it was vague and here, again, we see the worry that impeachment would be misused by the Congress to reduce the independence of the President, allowing partisan factions to interfere at the expense of the larger public good and overturning the election or the consent of the governed being attacked because separation of powers had been reduced.  The objection on the part of Madison proved effective, because Mason subsequently withdrew the motion and came up with another phrase, and you know what the phrase was. It said: ''. . .or other high crimes and misdemeanors.''  Obviously, the context in which ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' was entered was to be something a heck of a lot more than maladministration and less than treason or bribery, or at least equal to.  What does this phrase mean? It is clear the framers thought it to be limited in scope, but beyond this, constitutional scholars of whom I have inquired and read have been debating the meaning of this phrase from the very early days of the Republic, and there is not a clear consensus. Despite this ongoing dialog and disagreement, though, I believe there are two important points of agreement in the minds of almost all constitutional scholars as to the original understanding of the phrase.  