 President, I will not take much of the Senate's time. I think this debate is about the easiest debate the Senate can face. There is one simple reason to support the Specter amendment, of which I am a cosponsor, and the U.S. contribution to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty Preparatory Commission. It is real simple. It is in the national security interest of the United States. I reiterate what the Senator from Pennsylvania said. This is true whether or not you favor the test ban treaty or oppose it.  Most of the funding requested for the Preparatory Commission is to be devoted to capital expenditures on the international monitoring system, the ability to monitor. Improving our nuclear test monitoring capabilities is clearly of benefit to the United States--again, whether you are for or against this treaty--as well as to the benefit of the world community.  The recent nuclear weapons tests in India and Pakistan are a stark reminder of the importance of monitoring. The international monitoring system should improve the seismic monitoring of nuclear tests in India and Pakistan by nearly a full order of magnitude. That will lower the threshold of detectable yields by a factor between 5 and 10, depending on the test-site geology.  So if the detection threshold is a yield of 200 tons today, it would be 20 to 40 tons a few years from now. Let me say that again. If the threshold at which we can detect today is 200 tons, if this monitoring system is improved, as we fully expect it would be assuming we fund our part, it would reduce that to be able to detect 20 to 40 tons--but only if we pay our contribution.  The international monitoring system will also provide these improved monitoring capabilities in a more cost-effective manner than we can achieve them unilaterally. Countries other than the United States will bear roughly 75 percent of the costs. Where I come from, that is a pretty good deal. We pay three-quarters less than we would have to pay in order to be able to get 5 times the accuracy in terms of information, as much as 10 times the resolution we need to know if anybody has set off a nuclear test.  In addition, some of the improvement is literally unattainable through U.S.-sponsored monitoring alone, as some of the international monitoring sites will be in countries that refuse to contribute to a U.S. unilateral monitoring system.  The Preparatory Commission, Mr. President, is investing--is investing--now in an international monitoring system, even though the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty might not come into force for some years.  There are two important reasons to support this. First, if we do consent to U.S. ratification of the treaty, we will want to be able to verify compliance as soon as the treaty enters into force. Any delay in funding the international monitoring system would translate into a delay in achieving the needed verification capabilities. Second, the improved monitoring achieved through new or upgraded sensor sites will contribute to U.S.--and world--monitoring capabilities as soon as they are in place, not just after the treaty enters into force.  U.S. agencies need to monitor possible nuclear weapons tests worldwide whether or not we ratify the treaty. Even so, opponents of ratification should support this funding. What would we do if we were here on the floor and said, ``You know, there's going to be no test ban treaty. We just want to know what's going on in the rest of the world. We want to know. And guess what? A whole bunch of nations will join in with us to increase the capability of monitoring a test by roughly tenfold, a minimum of fivefold. And all we have to do is contribute, in this case, one-quarter of the cost''?  Would we conclude not to do that? Would we sit here and say, ``No, no, no, we don't want to know; we don't want to pay 25 percent of the cost to increase our ability to detect testing that is up to 10 times more sensitive than what our capability now is''?  What are we talking about here? I mean, what rationale can there possibly be? I suspect my friends will say, ``Well, you know, if we go ahead and do this, then we're on a slippery slope to ratifying that God awful treaty.'' I think it is a good treaty, but that is the best argument you can come up with unless you say, ``We don't want to know. We don't want to know whether or not a nation is detonating a nuclear device that is in the 20 to 40 ton range. We're satisfied knowing all they can do is under 200 tons. Once they get above that, that is when we'll pay attention to it.''  Mr. President, in sum, the international monitoring system will make a real contribution to U.S. monitoring capabilities. That contribution will be much less expensive than sustaining those sites unilaterally. And it will come on line as soon as the equipment is installed.  Lest anybody have to be reminded, we live in a very dangerous world. The proliferation of nuclear weapons is occurring and it is a real risk. It seems to me, Mr. President, again, whether or not you are for the test ban treaty, the national interests requires these monitoring investments. So I strongly urge--strongly urge--all of my colleagues to support this amendment.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  