 The situation in Moscow is rapidly changing, so by the time I finish these statements today, Lord only knows, something may have happened in the meantime. Things are that fluid.  Although the situation is rapidly changing, in the wake of last week's summit, five basic trends seem to be clear. First, the Yeltsin era is about to end. Second, because of structural problems in Russia's political and economic system, there is no short-term fix to Russia's economic crisis. Third, an even greater danger than an economic meltdown is the total collapse ofthe Russian political system, which would have catastrophic ramifications for the international security system. Fourth, in order to forestall such a collapse, the Yeltsin administration--or perhaps even a transition regime--will almost certainly take some immediate economic measures that will, at least temporarily, set back Russia's progress toward a free market economy. And, fifth, there is very little that the United States can do to affect this grim situation. It is fundamentally a Russian problem with deep cultural roots.  Madam President, President Clinton, in my view, was correct in going through with last week's Moscow summit. If he had canceled or postponed the meeting, I think it would have sent signals to the world that the United States had written off the reform effort in Russia which, despite the very serious recent setbacks, has nonetheless achieved a great deal over the past 6\1/2\ years. I might note, parenthetically, that it may have achieved enough to prevent a total reversion to despotism in Russia. But that remains to be seen.  Moreover, for all its built-in problems, the summit did produce a few modest agreements. Most important among them, as mentioned by others, was the agreement whereby the United States and Russia will each convert approximately 50 tons of plutonium withdrawn in stages from nuclear military programs into forms unusable for nuclear weapons.  The plutonium management and disposition effort will require several billion dollars, but I can think of no joint effort between our two countries that is more worthy of support.  As you know, Madam President, because you are well schooled in international relations and have spent a career in the House and the Senate dealing with these issues, the reason that an economy only the size of Holland is having such a profound impact on the rest of the world is because of the military danger that its collapse would cause. If the Russian economy collapses and causes societal and political instability, there are 15,000 nuclear weapons there that could fall into the hands of unreliable and perhaps unstable leaders in a fractured country. So the effort to deal with, for example, taking 50 tons of nuclear-grade material and rendering it incapable of being used in a military context seems to me to be well worth the buy, well worth the effort along the lines of the Nunn-Lugar bill in the destruction of nuclear capacity.  Despite this and a few other achievements, though, the summit could not, I regret to say, conceal the terminal condition of the Yeltsin Presidency. Watching film of the summit press conference was a painful exercise, for the Russian President clearly showed his infirmity. This medical condition, together with the nearly total absence of popular support for President Yeltsin and his government, makes a change in the near future seem inevitable.  Boris Berezovsky, the most prominent leader of Russia's new industrial tycoons--the power behind the throne--has already indicated in an interview that President Yeltsin's days in office may be numbered.  The structural problems in Russia's economy are simply too serious to lend themselves to an easy solution. Many factors have contributed to the sorry state in which the economy now finds itself.  The Asian financial crisis forced a general reappraisal of international lending in emerging economies. As investors retreated to safety, doubts about Russia's ability to protect the ruble became a self-fulfilling prophecy.  The 50-percent drop in worldwide crude oil prices within the last 18 months severely harmed Russia's hard currency earning capacity, weakening an important support for its currency and its ability to pay international debts.  But more fundamentally, Russia has been hamstrung by an inability to create the necessary preconditions for being a player in the international economic system. President Clinton outlined them in his usual lucid way in a speech to students in Moscow.  Russia must create a full-fledged rule of law with fair enforcement mechanisms. It must put into place modern taxation and banking systems. Investors, domestic and foreign, must have confidence that they will not have the rules changed in the middle of the game.  In return, Russians, especially the large Russian corporations, must pay their taxes so that the Government can get its fiscal house in order and will not have to resort to the printing press to cover its deficits. The Russian ``kleptocracy'' must end.  Madam President, I was speaking by telephone with one of the more prominent businessmen in my State about an hour before I came over to the floor. He is in the poultry business. He called to ask me what I thought about the current situation in Russia. He has several million dollars' worth of product in Kaliningrad. They have a rule there that if, in fact, it is not purchased within 90 days, it can be confiscated. So he has to decide whether to keep it there and run the risk of confiscation or get it out of there and try to market it someplace else. In his factory in Delaware he has an equal amount of product with Russian labels, which is poultry to be sent to Russia. He wanted to know what I thought was likely to happen, and so on and so forth.  As I talked to him--he is a very bright guy who has been doing business in Russia in earnest now for the last 4 or 5 years--I asked, ``What do they need most?''  He replied, ``I never thought I would say this as a conservative businessman. What they need most is the IRS over there.''  I said, ``Say that again?''  He repeated, ``What they need is the IRS over there.''  The truth of the matter is, one of the reasons their economy is in such horrible shape is that no one is paying their taxes. These are precisely the measures the International Monetary Fund has been urging on the Yeltsin government, but they remain largely unfulfilled.  The only thing worse than the Yeltsin government paralyzed by an economic meltdown would be a coup d'etat that installed an authoritarian government. It takes little imagination to contemplate the horrible dangers of a resentful, extremist regime that still possesses thousands of missiles armed with nuclear warheads.  Such a scenario, while still unlikely, is not beyond the realm of possibility, especially if Yeltsin's new candidate for Prime Minister, Yevgenii Primakov--who is almost certain to be confirmed by the Duma--is unable to rapidly stabilize the situation.  By tomorrow afternoon, I think Primakov will be confirmed by the Duma. In order to forestall a political catastrophe, I believe the Russian Government in the coming days will take economic steps that may, in the short run, avoid a revolutionary situation but in the long run will make it a heck of a lot harder for them to ever get their economic house in order.  These steps will probably include putting an infusion of currency into the economy through a large-scale increase in Government spending to pay the back wages of state employees, including the military, a process which, in fact, seems already to have begun.  Moreover, there will likely be some form of wage and price controls, foreign currency restrictions, and renationalization of some industries--all the wrong things to do. But in fairness to the Russians, I wonder if any of us were taking over that Government at this point, we would do anything short of that to avert a civil catastrophe. Such moves, we must realize, would likely doom Russia's chances of receiving the next payment of the $22 billion of the international support package negotiated just a month ago.  I believe in the long run Russia's march toward a free-market economy is inevitable, notwithstanding what I said, but some emergency measures may be a necessary short-term detour to avoid the kind of complete calamity that a coup d'etat or popular uprising would bring. I am not predicting either a coup or an uprising, but I believe that the Russian leadership will conclude that is a risk they wish not to take.  Unfortunately, there is very little the United States can do right now to influence events in Russia.  Despite the deteriorating international economic enviroment and the inevitable mistakes that have occurred as part of well-intentioned assistance efforts, I do not believe that the United States or the West in general should feel that they are responsible for the Russian collapse.  As I said on the floor last spring in the course of the Senate debate on NATO enlargement, we have wisely not repeated the mistakes made after World War I with respect to Germany. There is no parallel with Weimar.  Rather than imposing staggering reparations on a defeated enemy, the capitalist world has pumped $100 billion in aid, loans, and investments into Russia.  Rather than isolating Russia internationally as the victorious allies did with Germany well into the 1920s, we encouraged Moscow and welcomed her into a variety of international organizations.  We must confront the inescapable fact that the root causes of Russia's stunning descent into chaos lie in her own history and culture.  Centuries of serfdom and submission to foreign conquerors and autocratic tsars hampered the development of political democracy and a civic culture in Russia.  Then at the beginning of the 20th century, just when both--that is, a civic culture and a political democracy--were nonetheless beginning to emerge Russia was hit first by World War I and then by the Bolshevik Revolution and civil war.  I believe the 7 decades of communism that followed offer the best explanation of the current disarray in Russia.  The tangible devastating legacies of communism are well known: millions killed by Stalin's mad collectivization and purges, environmental degradation, and a massive deterioration in public health and life expectancy.  There is also a philosophical legacy that bears directly upon today's impasse. Marxism's basic tenet, the class struggle. Some scholars may disagree with me, and I am sure I will hear from them when I say this.  The entire political class now vying for power in Russia was taught to believe that economic class determines one's interest, that life is, in essence, a zero-sum game. If you, my opponent, win, that must mean that I lose.  Such a mindset stifles mutual trust and makes compromise in the political arena extremely difficult. The result is that democratic Russia has developed relatively few individuals who in the West would be called or could be called a ``loyal opposition.''  Last year on a visit to Moscow, I held lengthy discussions with several of the leaders who have been in the forefront of the opposition to Chernomyrdin.  The Communist Party leader Gennadii Zyuganov and the nationalist leader, former general Aleksandr Lebed, both struck me as intelligent, thoughtful men, but distrustful and conniving ones who put self before country.  Only Grigorii Yavlinsky, the leader of the Yabloko Party, seemed to be one who might fit into our category of the ``loyal opposition.'' I am told that he may be named First Deputy Prime Minister if Primakov is confirmed as Prime Minister by the Duma. That would be an encouraging sign. We will know by tomorrow or the next day whether that is true.  One can argue endlessly about what the United States might or might not have done to avert the current catastrophe.  But before we indulge in ``who lost Russia?'' finger-pointing, it is well to look at Poland, where western-style economic shock-therapy was applied, the population suffered but endured, and the country emerged immeasurably strengthened.  Lest one thinks this is a communist-era comparison of a giant and a midget, I would point out that Poland's nearly 40 million population is now in the same general league as Russia's, which is down to 147 million from the Soviet Union's 270 million.  More importantly, Poland's gross domestic product is approximately one-third of Russia's, so a fair contrast, I believe, can be drawn.  Poland's political culture and sense of nationhood were solid enough to support the wrenching, but necessary, economic reforms. Neither was present in Russia.  Perhaps the shorter period of communist rule in Poland than in Russia and the sense that communism had been an alien creed imposed upon the country were factors that mitigated the corrosive ideological effects of Marxism.  Whatever the ultimate explanation, the sad fact is that Russia's political culture, unlike Poland's, proved unable to provide the underpinning for successful economic reform thus far.  The fundamental problem, is not that Russia carried out too many democratic and capitalistic reforms too soon, but rather that it did not carry them out fully.  The Russians now bear the principal responsibility for sorting out their colossal problems. The United States should continue to offer encouragement and support.  Most importantly, we must keep our eye on the first priority of preventing the collapse of Russian democracy along with their economy.  (