 President, I join with my friend, the distinguished senior Senator from Indiana, to urge my colleagues to support the Tropical Forest Protection Act of 1998.  Mr. President, this bill marks a real victory for sensible, bipartisan action on an issue of global importance. Just looking at the list of our cosponsors--thirty-one of our colleagues, evenly divided between our two parties--shows me that good policy is good politics.  Right now, as we speak today, fires are burning in tropical forests around the world, the result of a combustible mix of unusually dry weather with unsustainable human activity. Slash-and-burn agriculture, logging, and the road cuts to support those activities, have exposed one of our planet's most important resources to a deadly threat.  Rainforests have a profound effect on our planet's weather, through their ability to absorb the most important greenhouse gas, carbon dioxide. They influence rainfall, and are therefore the sources of many of our most important rivers, that in turn support the farms and fisheries that feed us.  They are home to rich biological diversity--both flora and fauna--that we are just now realizing hold the secret to disease-resistant crops and new medicines.  But as the nations that contain our most significant rainforests enter the world economy, they are under increasing pressure to turn these irreplaceable assets into cash, for both their own short-term domestic needs and to service debts owed to the industrial nations, including the United States.  That's why this bill is so important. It allows the reduction of the debt those nations owe us, if they use the savings to protect those rainforests. This will help to break the tie between debt and the destruction of rainforests, to the benefit of everyone. It won't put out those fires, but it will remove some of the financial arrangements that fuel them.  I am particularly pleased to join again with my friend, Senator Lugar, to expand on earlier Lugar-Biden legislation that has been on the books since 1989, and that is part of the 1990 Enterprise for the Americas Initiative.  And I am honored to be joined in this effort by the distinguished Chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, the distinguished Chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, and so many other of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle.  Thank you, Mr. President.  