 Please, I ask both my colleagues. I have a very good friend whose interest is more practical in academics, and every once in a while I will say, ``Bob, do you understand what I am saying?'' And he will look at me, and say, ``Joe, I not only understand, I overstand.'' If I get into the ``overstand'' category, please let me know if I am overresponding to what you wish me to respond to.  But let me answer the French issue first. It is always difficult, as my friend knows, understanding what the French mean. But the short answer to his question is that France has changed its view. France has publicly now said that in fact it will now meet its share of the expansion cost.  Second, on the first question asked about target goals, I remind my friend of a little bit of history; that is, that it is important to note that Greece, Turkey, Germany, and Spain were admitted to NATO without any target forcegoal, and that no ally meets--including us--100 percent of the target force goal now, No. 1.  No. 2, to the extent that the three new applicants are committing to and fulfilling their targets in advance of accession is another demonstration that their commitment to the alliance and their capability to fulfill those target goals are, in fact, real, Poland has stated that it will fulfill all the target force goals that are due prior to accession. The Poles address the capabilities of NATO military authorities to determine what NATO military authorities have determined are necessary for new members. Of the additional target force goals over the planning period of 1999 to 2003, only a portion of them have target dates that are applicable prior to accession. Poland has also stated that it will complete all the remaining target goals; the other nations as well. And when you talk about the target goals, the Senator makes it sounds as though it will be 10 years before anything is done, 10 years before all of these things are met. Many of them will be met within the next 6 months; some will take as long as 10 years.  With regard to what number I am using in terms of the cost of enlargement, I am using the figure $40 million a year for the next 10 years. If you want me to elaborate on that, I will be happy to explain what I mean by how I arrive at that and why I think the figure that has been put forward by NATO is an accurate figure. But I do not want to take the time of my colleagues, if they wish to respond.  So I say to my friend, the figure that I am using is the figure of $40 million a year based upon a U.S. commitment of $400 million over 10 years. That reflects roughly a 25 percent burden sharing on our part for the costs of enlargement, the total cost being, over 10 years, roughly $1.5 billion. That is how I arrive at our cost. I will be happy, as I said, to go into detail on that if my friends would like me to.  