 President, I support the International Religious Freedom Act presented by the Assistant Majority Leader, the Senator from Oklahoma and the Senator from Connecticut.  We have discussed this legislation at some length over the last couple of weeks, and my colleagues have been very gracious in trying to accommodate some of my concerns with the bill.  Although it is not a perfect bill, it is a compromise that I support.  The persecution of individuals for their faith, like persecution for political beliefs or ethnicity, is abhorrent to all Americans. Unfortunately, too many nations around the world fail to protect the basic human rights of their citizens. The reasons for this are often complex and varied--but they are never justified.  What justification can there be, for example, for the jailing by the Chinese government of thousands of dissidents--not to mention a few Catholic leaders who choose to remain loyal to the Vatican, rather than bow to the dictates of the so-called ``official'' church in Beijing?  What justification can there be for a law in Russia which appears to discriminate between ``established'' religious organizations and those whose roots in Russia are not long-standing?  As a nation founded on the premise that ``all men are created equal. . .endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights'', Americans have long been committed to promoting and protecting human rights. Existing law, in place since the 1970s, prohibits U.S. assistance to nations which engage in a ``consistent pattern of gross violations'' of human rights--including the right to religious freedom. Since the 1970s, we have also had an Assistant Secretary of State specifically devoted to the task of advancing human rights.  In recent years, the Clinton Administration has taken important steps to promote religious freedom. In 1996, Secretary of State Christopher established an Advisory Committee on Religious Persecution Abroad, a 20-member panel which is broadly representative of many religious faiths, and has provided practical guidance to the Secretary and the State Department about this important subject.  More recently, Secretary of State Albright has appointed a Senior Adviser to take the lead on religious freedom in the State Department.  This legislation is designed to further elevate religious freedom on our foreign policy agenda. It does so by creating a new Office on International Religious Freedom at the Department of State, to be headed by an Ambassador-at-Large.  Under this legislation, the State Department will produce a new annual report on religious freedom, which will assess the state of religious freedom around the world. This report, which will expand on the information available in the annual human rights report already produced by the State Department, should prove an invaluable resource to Americans concerned about religious freedom.  Additionally, a new Commission will be established, for a period of four years, which will serve in an advisory capacity, producing a report of its own on an annual basis which will include recommendations for U.S. policy.  The bill also contains new provisions of law requiring that the President impose sanctions against the most severe violators of the right to religious freedom.  I must confess to some skepticism that new sanctions legislation is necessary, for two reasons. First, as I stated, current law already prohibits U.S. assistance to countries which engage in serious human rights violations.  Second, in recent months I have reconsidered my own view on sanctions policy--and have come to the conclusion that, even though Congress is well within its constitutional power to apply sanctions, it is not always wise, as a matter of sound foreign policy, for Congress to do so.  But I am willing to go along with this sanctions law because it includes many aspects that I believe must be present in any sanctions law that Congress enacts. Indeed, the sanctions provision in this bill offers considerable flexibility to the President.  First, the bill provides the President with a ``menu'' of options--seven different types of sanctions from which the President must choose just one sanction. If the President doesn't like the choices on the menu, he is free to take ``commensurate action''--that is, action commensurate to the items on the menu of options.  Second, the bill provides a broad waiver authority.  The President may waive the application of the sanction if the foreign government has ceased the violations; if using the waiver would ``further the purposes'' of the Act; or if important national interests of the United States justified the exercise of the waiver.  Third, the bill provides that any sanctions sunset two years after they are imposed unless they are specifically reauthorized.  The President may also terminate the sanctions if the foreign government has ``ceased or taken substantial and verifiable steps to cease'' the violations that gave rise to the sanctions.  Fourth, there is an exemption from the sanctions for the provision of food, medicine, medical equipment or supplies, as well as other humanitarian assistance.  In sum, although I am not eager to enact a new sanctions law, I believe we are setting an important precedent with this bill in terms of what should be contained in any sanctions law.  We must make every effort to ensure that the steps we take under this law will help those who are suffering from persecution--and not increase the dangers they face. During the hearings in the Foreign Relations Committee on this legislation, several witnesses representing religious communities that operate overseas expressed this concern.  I know the sponsors of this bill share this concern--and so I hope that both Congress and the Executive Branch will be attentive to it in the coming years.  This bill takes several steps which I hope will lead to the advancement of religious freedom--one of the fundamental human rights--around the world.  We must be certain that in implementing this law, it is not to the detriment of other fundamental human rights that are recognized internationally.  As the columnist Stephen Rosenfeld has written, religious freedom deserves a seat at the human rights table, but it should not overturn the table.  Mr. President, I see my friend from Pennsylvania on the floor, Senator Specter. I compliment him--he is the one who got me into this, quite frankly--and my colleagues from Oklahoma and from Connecticut. I can claim no credit for starting this initiative. I can only claim that I have attempted to play a role here to make sure that the desire we all have to extend religious freedom around the world becomes a reality. I have tried to make sure that our sanctions meet a realistic test of promoting an actual change in the behavior of other nations. It was toward that end that I worked on a small part of this bill. I attempted to rationalize the sanctions legislation on this issue with what we are attempting to do on all the other sanctions legislation we have around here.  The thing we have all learned is, unilateral sanctions on any subject seldom ever work. Sometimes, and promoting religious freedom is one of those times, we may have to act even if it is not efficacious, just to state our principled commitment to religious freedom. I recommend my colleagues take a look at this legislation though because I think we have produced a sound sanctions bill.  For that, I have to thank the authors, Senator Specter and Senator Nickles and Senator Lieberman, for accommodating some of the changes I suggested in the functional way in which these sanctions would be employed.  I thank them for their consideration. They were very gracious to me and very patient with me. And I am very satisfied with the way the bill has turned out--not only the principle but the efficacy of the legislation.  I thank my colleague for the extra time, and I yield the floor.  