 President, I am pleased to offer this amendment with Senator Hatch to reauthorize the Drug Director's Office. Senator Hatch and I have been assisted by several other Senators in this effort, and I would just note that the reauthorization bill reported by the Judiciary Committee last year was cosponsored by Senators Thurmond, DeWine, Coverdell, and Feinstein.  I would also note that since then, we have worked closely with Senator McCain to meet some concerns that he had raised relating to the Drug Director's budget certification powers. And, the language we have negotiated with Senator McCain  is incorporated into the text offered in this amendment.  This bipartisan legislation will, I hope, result in speedy action to keep the Drug Director's Office in place--no matter what perspective any of us have on any specific drug policy, this legislation is about whether we will have aDrug Director and Drug Office to be responsible for--and accountable to--a national drug policy.  In 1987, before my legislation creating the Drug Office finally became law, There was no official in charge of the administration's drug effort; and, because there was no Cabinet official in charge, every Cabinet official could duck responsibility to talk about tough drug policy issues--and, guess what, that meant no administration talked about drugs and no administration was accountable on drugs.  Just as with my original drug czar legislation, the Hatch-Biden amendment retains its central goal--holding every administration and every President accountable on the drug issue.  The Hatch-Biden amendment does so in several ways:  First, and this was one of Chairman Hatch's top priorities, Hatch-Biden requires the Clinton administration to identify measurable objectives for the National Drug Strategy, and provide on February 1, 1999, specific answers about whether these objectives have been met;  Second, Hatch-Biden retains the current law about the administration submitting a detailed annual drug budget--every line of which is reviewed and changed in the annual congressional appropriations process.  To this, Hatch-Biden adds a requirement--called for by General McCaffrey--for budget projections covering the next 4 years. In other words, this prevents any ``pie-in-the-sky'' promises, which are not backed up by specific budget projections.  Third, and this is the major change proposed by General McCaffrey and included in Hatch-Biden, instead of the overall drug strategy, it requires a detailed annual report which will focus the administration and the Congress on the ``nuts and bolts'' of implementing the strategy.  As Senator Hatch points out--instead of a strategy in which an administration tells us what it is going to do about drugs; this report will force any administration to tell us what they have accomplished against drugs.  Hatch-Biden includes specific language requiring:  That the annual report include any necessary modifications of the drug strategy;  A whole new strategy if the current strategy proves ineffective;  An annual assessment of the progress on the specific, measurable goals identified in the drug strategy;  Goals that are required by law to address--current drug use; availability of cocaine, heroin, methamphetamine, marijuana; drug prices, and purity among many others; and  That any new President or new Drug Director submit a new drug strategy.  Finally, the key addition of the annual report included in Hatch-Biden is the ``performance measurement system''--which would add nearly 100 detailed measures, each with a definite timetable.  These measures are all about holding the 50 drug agencies and offices accountable to the drug policy goals of the administration--the one task that all Drug Directors have found exceedingly difficult to actually implement.  Just to identify a few of these specific measures:  Increase asset seized from drug traffickers by 15 percent; increase drug trafficking organizations dismantled by 20 percent in high intensity drug trafficking areas; and reduce worldwide coca cultivation by at least 40 percent.  Of course, we would all like each of these measures to be achieved immediately--but, even if we could do this efficiently, the costs would be staggering--an additional $60-$90 billion over just the next 3 years. So, achieving these goals will take time.  One final point on the general's performance measurement system--if we are to give him a fighting chance to increase the accountability of all the drug agencies, we have to put this system in law. For, if we do not, mark my words, the general will be defeated by all the career officials in all the drug agencies who want to stop this increased accountability.  Another element of General McCaffrey's proposal which has been included in Hatch-Biden is to require that the No. 2 official in the office--the Deputy Director--have to come before the Senator for confirmation just like the demand deputy, supply deputy and State and local deputy.  I favor this because the hearing, committee, and floor votes on the Deputy Director would give the Senate another important opportunity to hold any administration accountable on drugs.  In addition, the key mission of the Drug Office--holding the nearly 50 agencies and offices with drug policy responsibilities accountable--requires having officials with the credentials of Senate confirmation.  The Hatch-Biden amendment also includes specific language calling for ``scientific, educational, or professional'' credentials for whomever is nominated for the demand deputy job.  This is an issue that Senators Grassley and Moynihan have really been the leaders on--and I just acknowledge their key role in this aspect of Hatch-Biden.  I also note that, at the chairman's insistence, the length of time of this reauthorization has been drastically shortened.  While the general initially proposed to authorize the office for 12 years, Hatch-Biden reauthorizes for 4 years through September 30, 2002.  In closing, I would point out that this legislation has been through a long process here in the Senate and that this process has resulted in a strong, bipartisan bill.  I understand that the two managers of the bill, Senators Campbell and Kohl, are willing to accept this amendment. I appreciate their support, and the support of the full Senate for the reauthorization of the Drug Director.  