  Before he leaves the floor, I indicated to Senator Warner, and at least in an informal way I invite the Senator--it requires no invitation--I invite the Senator from New Hampshire, maybe we can work out a time tomorrow where those interested in the cost issue would be here to debate.  The cost of $250 billion for expansion of NATO is bizarre, in my humble opinion. I will lay it out in detail why it is tomorrow. All of NATO combined, including our national budget now, doesn't cost but half that, less than half of that. How adding three nations would more than increase over 200 percent over the cost--I guess I assume the Senator is talking over a 10-year period--but essentially increase by 50 percent the costs of NATO is beyond me.  I think it may be orderly and useful to our colleagues and to the public if those of us who, as the Senator from New Hampshire does, have spent a lot of time researching the detail related to the cost in trying to decipher and explain the reasons for the inconsistent numbers. The inconsistent numbers relate to what we talk about as the unified budget, the national budget, and so on, what we allocate as part of our--for example, we spend a lot of money, $300 billion a year, roughly, for defense. Is that all accountable to NATO? Do we say that the United States is spending $300 billion a year on NATO? What portion of that is the consequence of us belonging to NATO? When we build a runway and so on, is it because of NATO?  The NATO budget and the cost relating to expansion I think are very, very important and warrant a very focused and coherent presentation by each of us.  I will be here tomorrow prepared to do my best to outline in detail why we are talking more on the order of $40 million a year rather than $200 billion, and I will lay out my reasons. Hopefully, Senator Warner and Senator Smith and others will come and lay out in detail why they believe rather than picking an estimate that has been set out by someone, explain how they arrive at those numbers.  I must say, if you tell my constituency to keep NATO--forget expanding, if you told them to keep NATO--it was going to cost them $250 billion, I imagine the referendum in my State would go through like a hot knife through butter. They would say get out. Obviously, if you set a number where the costs could be from $40 million to $150 billion, as I think the Princeton Survey was, although I may have heard it incorrectly, that came hot off the press, obviously a majority of the people would say, ``I am not for that. You mean to tell me I'm signing on for 150 billion bucks?''  I will be here tomorrow, and it might be useful to pick a time when we can be here, all of us interested in the cost, to debate it in some detail.  In the meantime, I will take this opportunity to make a broader statement and I will respond to some of the things said today.  