 President, I am pleased to support Montreal Protocol No. 4, which will simplify the rules for cargo and baggage liability in international air traffic. It is important for the Senate to act now, because Protocol No. 4 has already entered into force. Consequently, U.S. carriers and cargo companies are unable to take advantage of these simplified rules, at a significant economic cost. U.S. industry estimates that Protocol No. 4 will save them $1 billion annually.  The treaty has been pending in the Senate for over 20 years. It failed to gain support not because it is controversial, but because it has been the victim of misfortune--having been paired, in its submission to the Senate, with Montreal Protocol No. 3, a treaty placing unreasonably low limits on personal liability in international air traffic. I oppose Protocol No. 3, because I believe strongly that limits on personal liability contained in the treaty are an anachronism. Such limits may have been warranted when the underlying Warsaw Convention was drafted in 1929, a time when the airline industry was in its infancy. Now, however, when international air carriers are large corporations with significant financial resources--and thus fully capable of purchasing adequate insurance--there is no justification for such limits.  For the past two decades, the aviation industry and the Executive Branch unsuccessfully sought ratification of Protocol No. 3 and No. 4. Only once did the Protocols reach the full Senate floor. In 1983, the Senate voted 50-42 to approve them, far short of the two-thirds necessary for advice and consent to ratification.  Recognizing that Protocol No. 3 cannot be approved by the Senate, the industry and the Executive have effectively abandoned the effort, and have requested the Senate to proceed with consideration of Protocol No. 4. The resolution of ratification of Protocol No. 4 will bring a formal end to the misguided effort to approve No. 3: the resolution directs the Secretary of the Senate to return Protocol No. 3 to the President.  More importantly, the industry, acting through its association, the International Air Transport Association, has taken steps to waive these personal liability limits. Consequently, most of the leading air carriers have agreed in their contracts with passengers to waive all personal liability limits, and agreed to strict liability up to 100,000 Special Drawing Rights, or about $130,000.  These are positive developments, and I commend the airlines for taking these steps. Although not all carriers have waived the liability limits, all of the major U.S. carriers have, as have many of the leading foreign carriers which fly to the United States. I urge the Department of Transportation to make every effort to ensure that all carriers involved in international air traffic which fly within or to or fromthe United States do so as soon as possible.  I hope that these measures, which are based on contract, not on any domestic law or international treaty, will eventually be codified in a new international instrument--an instrument that would firmly establish international norms and provide certainty for carriers and passengers alike. Negotiations toward that end are ongoing under the auspices of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO).  One sticking point in these negotiations has been the question of a ``fifth jurisdiction.'' Under the current Warsaw Convention, a suit may be brought in any one of four places: the place of incorporation of the carrier, the carrier's principal place of business, the place where the ticket was sold, and the place of the ultimate destination of the passenger. Notably missing from this list is the place where the passenger lives, or, in legal terms, his ``domicile.'' As a practical matter, most Americans will be able to sue in U.S. court under the existing four jurisdictions; but there will be cases in which a passenger buys a ticket overseas on a foreign carrier--which would probably preclude that passenger from bringing a suit in a U.S. court.  The Clinton Administration is pressing for inclusion of the fifth jurisdiction in any new international instrument. I commend the Administration for taking this position. Including a fifth jurisdiction should be considered an essential element of any new international agreement on passenger liability.  At this point, I would like to call the attention of my colleagues and the Executive Branch to a speech delivered earlier this year by Lee Kreindler regarding these negotiations. Mr. Kreindler, an aviation attorney with over four decades of experience, has provided a helpful guide to the current legal situation in this area and to the ICAO negotiations.  I ask unanimous consent that they be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  