 The Senator just points out, World War I, World War II--by the way, for those wars to get to France they had to roll over Poland first on the way. Then the reason why there was no war, as the Senator points out, after World War II--a cold war, not a hot war--is we had NATO. And the nations that we extended the umbrella of NATO to were kept free from fear of attack. Guesswhat. Poland was occupied during that whole period.  Now Poland is no longer occupied, and they are worried that the world may have the same kind of amnesia that it had in 1917, and 1916, and 1915--and 1938 and 1939 and 1940. They are kind of worried because they figured it out, if you are under this umbrella, it dissuades anyone from invading you.  So if it is a rationale to keep Germany in NATO, and NATO protects Germany because that gives it that added security, you can kind of understand why the Poles think it also makes sense for them, since they have been the doormat to Western Europe.  There is much more to say about this. I will not go on. But the point is that NATO membership significantly reduces the prospect that anyone now or in the future would conclude that you are a worthy target of their aggression. That is the point the Senator is making. And the clear notion is that if in fact Poland were part of this alliance, to take one country, they would not have to wonder any longer whether or not they would have to wait for the Brits to do something--as occurred in World War II. They would not have to wonder if Russia or anyone else understood that Poland was no longer the doormat of Europe.  If all goes well, as I anticipate, and I vote with my taxpayers' pocketbook to try to promote democracy in Russia--if all goes well, then in fact there is not any greater need in Russia for Poland to be a member of NATO than for Germany to be a member of NATO. There may be no need for NATO. Or it may be that Russia is part of NATO. But we are in a position, as the Washington Post says:       American interest in expansion lies in reducing      unpredictability and instability in an arc that has generated      the century's major wars.  One of the things, as the Post and many others have tried to point out, and as I have tried to point out on the floor before, part of Russia's necessary post-cold war evolution, mental evolution, if you will, is to understand and consider the novel notion that its neighbors have a right to whatever national orientation they want. Most other democracies in the world have figured that out. Most other nations have figured that out. And if you are not going to--the current likelihood that there is little danger that is posed for these three countries or any other part of Europe, it seems to me, again to paraphrase the Post, ``makes it smart and a cheap buy for the extra security now, in case things don't go the right way.''  But the bottom line is this: If, in fact, there is a rationale for us to continue to be a member of NATO, and I believe there is, and to continue to make commitments to the likes of Germany and other allies--if there is a rationale for expanding NATO on the Soviet Union's border bringing in Turkey not too many years ago, there is a rationale to bring Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary under that umbrella.  I will conclude--and I thank my colleague for allowing me to respond--but I conclude by suggesting to you that the way to the greatest certainty that Russia continues along its democratic trek and nonimperialistic instinct is to have these nations within NATO, forever removing the realistic possibility that they are part of the hegemony of the former Soviet Union or Russia.  