 President, I realize I have kept us here a long time, but I can think of nothing from my perspective that is more important.  By the way, parenthetically, with this surplus we are all arguing about--whether or not we save Social Security, give tax cuts, spend it on things--I still think we should take a significant portion of that surplus over the years that is projected and invest it in the crime trust fund, moving from 100,000 cops to 125,000 cops, writing a juvenile justice bill, doing the violence against women II legislation, and making sure--making sure--that we give local communities more flexibility in maintaining their Federal ability to keep the national 125,000--I hope it will be--cops program alive. That is what we should be spending our money on, in my view. I will get to that at another time.  Let me conclude with the last important overall point. Many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have been saying, as I said, that we do not really need to do more. In a report that I offered in December of 1995, I detailed the demographic time bomb which lies ahead. And that demographic time bomb is this: 39 million children now younger than the age of 10, all of these 39 million children are the children of the baby boomers.  Each of them stands on the edge of their teen years, exactly those years that are most at risk of turning children to drugs and crime. There are 39 million children about to enter the crime-committing, drug-consuming years. And the implication of this baby ``boomerang'' as the demographers call it, even if we do everything right, and at the rate which kids commit crimes--assuming we do everything right and the rate at which kids now commit crimes does not go up one one-hundredth of 1 percent--even if those things occurred, that there is absolutely no change in the rate of crime, we will have a 20-percent increase in juvenile murders by the year 2005, which will mean an increase of the overall murder toll by 5 percent, even if we do every single thing right and there is not one one-hundredth of 1 percent increase in the rate in which juveniles commit crime.  Why? Thirty-nine million children, the largest cadre of youth since my parents were busy in World War II, about to enter their crime-committing years.  I see my friend standing. I have another 10 minutes or so. I will yield to him, but not yield the floor.  