 President, the Senate has already spoken on the important question of U.S. support for a stronger International Monetary Fund.  Following the essential leadership of Senator Stevens, along with my colleague on the foreign relations committee, Senator Hagel, we went on record in March, by vote of 84 to 16, to provide full funding for U.S. participation in the IMF.  At that time, we also declined to place unworkable conditions on that funding.  As international lender of last resort, the IMF is right now part of our last line of defense against an economic chain reaction that could turn the financial turmoil on the front pages of today's newspapers into a real global crisis.  Mr. President, as I have said before, the IMF is certainly not a perfect institution. But I have not stopped going to my doctor because I think the health care system needs reform.  The Kyl amendment guarantees indefinite delay in the availability of the U.S. contribution to the basic reserves of the IMF, and in turn throws into doubt the participation of other nations who look to us for leadership.  This amendment would require that the IMF change its basic rules for providing emergency financial support--essentially a change in its bylaws--before the U.S. contribution can go forward.  Those rule changes themselves may well make sense--in fact, the IMF already makes such conditions part of the requirements for its loans.  But the requirement that the IMF must first formally adopt reforms in the conditions on countries that receive its funds--conditions, I might add, that we here in the United States could not meet in every case outselves--is a formula for deadlock and indefinite delay.  This is the opposite what is required of us at this crucial period.  As the leading economy in the world, we have a special obligation to support this international instutution--that we created, I might add--charged with maintaining stability in international financial markets.  The amendment now before us is a formula for delay, at the very time when we must act to restore confidence so lacking those markets.  I urge my colleagues to vote against the Kyl amendment.  Mr. President, one of the most able Senators in terms of his willingness to reason on this floor is the Senator from Arizona, Senator Kyl.  I listened to what he just said about his amendment. He says: Look, all we are doing is going to require the IMF to do what the President says they should have to do anyway before we lend money. By implication, don't throw good money after bad, and so on and so forth.  What we are doing here is, if we adopt the Kyl amendment, it guarantees, in my view, an indefinite delay in the ability of the U.S. contribution to the basic reserve of the IMF and throws in doubt the participation of other nations who look to us for leadership. Right now it is a really simple deal. If we come up with our $18 billion commitment in total, roughly, what happens is, we control the outcome. No loan can be made. It needs an 85 percent vote. I think we have 18 percent control.  Why go ahead and throw sand in the gears here now knowing that we are going to, by fiat, in the minds of other nations, amend the way in which the IMF runs now without consultation or agreement by the other participants who make up 82 percent of the Fund, guaranteeing that this thing comes to a screeching halt?  If in fact the Senator believes the President is right, then he has to assume the President is not going to instruct the U.S. representative at the IMF to vote for releasing dollars without the commitments being met. But what you do now if you adopt the Kyl amendment is as good as not coming up with the $18 billion, because the other nations say: Hey, look, you once again are unilaterally changing the basic rule for providing emergency support, essentially a change in the bylaws of the IMF. Where I come from, that is not how you usually get cooperation. You don't unilaterally tell the French and the Brits and everyone else this is the way it is going to be. You already have that power. You have the power. Without the U.S. vote, nothing goes. Bingo. Nothing goes.  It seems to me the way to do this is, let's deal, as my friend from Nebraska has been often the lone voice in pointing out with this international financial crisis, and still have a little bit of confidence. This isn't going to fix the thing. This is just going to do in a shot--like a shot of adrenaline, a shot of confidence, we are stepping up to the plate. We are not backing away from an international obligation, as we see it, for our own safety's sake.  Then, if we want to sit down with our partners in the IMF and say, ``Look, it is time to change the bylaws,'' that is a different deal. But let's not do unilaterally what is going to, in my view, in my opinion, get a response from the other 82 percent of the voting block out there saying, ``Hey, U.S., you don't call it. You don't unilaterally change the rules.'' You can in effect unilaterally change the rules by voting no. You can sit in those meetings and say, ``Look, we ain't voting for this deal unless the following conditions are met.''  I respectfully suggest--and I realize my time is probably up--that we should oppose the Kyl amendment.  I yield the floor.  