 Speaking for only myself, I believe that my colleagues are correct. There is no urgency to move to the next round. But I point out that, from my perspective, I think the position we should be taking is not a formal position that belies the principle of saying anybody who is ready can come forward; I say that we should say that there will be no second round until all these three nations are fully integrated into NATO's integrated command structure. No one suggests that is likely to occur in less than a couple of years, and most think it will be like it was for Spain, Turkey, Greece, and like it was for Germany--several years.  My deceased wife used to say something. I will never forget, when we were a young married couple, we were visiting another couple and we had two young children a year and a day apart, 2 months old and 14 months old. We were with this other couple we had gone to school with and they had their young child there. The husband and wife began to argue about what college they wanted her to go to, this 12-month-old child. My wife, who had great wisdom, said this as we were riding home in the car: ``Let's make a pact never to argue about anything that requires a decision not to occur for at least a decade.'' So from that point on, we used to say when we got into an argument, ``this is about college and they are only in grade school,'' and that was our code phrase for, Look, when the time comes, we can settle that; why fight about that? We have enough to disagree on now.  I respectfully suggest that ``this is about college.'' Let's wait until that time comes. Don't prejudge it. Don't artificially set limits on it because then you send a different message. I want the Romanian Government, which has been on good behavior for the first time in five decades or longer--I want the Romanian Government out there, just like my 16-year-old daughter, saying, ``If I behave this weekend, maybe I'll get the car next weekend.'' I want the Romanian Government out there saying, No, it could not happen tomorrow, or it may not happen for a month, or for 3 years, but I know it won't happen if we don't continue to treat this Hungarian minority properly, et cetera. Why set these artificial limits? Let's not argue about what college our daughter is going to go to when she is only 2 years old. It is going to take 2 to 3 years to fully integrate the three countries in question. So I think the Senator will get his wish regardless of whether or not an amendment is passed. I just think we are begging for trouble by setting artificial limits.  