 In 1821, when valiant Greeks raised the flag of revolt against their Ottoman Turk oppressors, they were striking a blow for liberty that captivated freedom-loving men and women all over Europe, and in the young American Republic. Thomas Jefferson was inspired enough to become involved in the Greek struggle in the twilight of his life. In the summer of 1823 the Greek Hellenist and patriot Adamantios Koraes wrote to our third president, requesting advice on drawing up a constitution for the liberated Greece he was certain would be achieved.  Jefferson's lengthy reply detailed his views on the fundamentals of democracy--freedom of religion, freedom of person (habeas corpus), trial by jury, the exclusive right of legislation and taxation reserved to the representatives of the people, and freedom of the press. The 80-year-old scholar-president concluded his letter with a moving tribute to Greece's unique importance to the world.  It took nearly a decade more of struggle until Greeks once again became masters in their own house. And maintaining Greece's independence and freedom over the ensuing 163 years has proven not to be easy.  Greece has had to cope with internal divisions and external threats. Seemingly unending arguments over the Greek constitution and form of government occupied much of the nineteenth century. Then came the two Balkan wars, World War I, the Anatolian War, World War II, the Civil War that pitted Greek against Greek, and after a peaceful, if troubled, interlude, the short-lived dictatorship of the Colonels.  Thankfully, today we can celebrate nearly a quarter-century of restored democracy and peace in Greece. Greece is now solidly integrated economically and politically in the European Union.  Greece's relations with most of its neighbors have improved. Despite some lingering problems, relations are relatively good with the Former Yugoslavian Republic of Macedonia and with Albania. Greece continues to maintain a solid relationship with Bulgaria.  I will not hide the fact that--like every other country--Greece still faces formidable problems. Athens' relations with Ankara remain stormy. Turkey continues its illegal occupation of Northern Cyprus and its belligerent behavior in the Aegean.  Moreover, the state of the Greek economy still leaves much to be desired. Let us be honest--as in the United States, there have been gross inefficiencies and wasteful policies. Greece will have to put its financial house in order if it hopes to take part fully in the ambitious integration that the European Union foresees in the coming years. I am confident that Prime Minister Simitis' reform program will bear fruit.  Improving Greece's economy and finding ways to improve relations with Turkey are daunting tasks. But one look at hard-working, talented Greek-Americans, assures me that Greeks everywhere will continue to triumph over adversity and will remain an inspirational democratic ally.  