  Mr. President, I am going to support the Durbin amendment, and I admire what he is attempting to do and respect his effort. I am not, quite frankly, certain it will have its intended effect.  I strongly agree with the views expressed by my friend from Illinois, that what I call the ``monarchist'' view of the war power has become the prevalent view at the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue, and it does not matter whether it is a Democratic President or a Republican President. And the original framework of the war power clause envisioned by the Founding Fathers, I think, has been greatly undermined over the last several decades.  On the question of war power, I believe the Constitution is as clear as it is plain. Article I, section 8, provides that the Congress has the power ``to declare War, [and] grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal . . . .'' Article II, section 2, provides, ``The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States.''  To be sure, the Commander in Chief ensures that the President has the sole power to direct U.S. military forces in combat. But that power--except in very few limited instances--derives totally from congressional authority. It is not the power to move from a state of peace to a state of war. It is a power, once the state of war is in play, to command the forces, but not to change the state.  Until that authority is granted, the President has no inherent power to send forces to war--except, as I said, in certain very limited circumstances, such as to repel sudden attacks or to protect the safety and security of Americans abroad.  On this point, the writings of Alexander Hamilton, a very strong defender, as the Presiding Officer knows, of Presidential power, is very instructive. In Federalist No. 69, Hamilton emphasized that the President's power as Commander in Chief would be ``much inferior'' to that of the British King, amounting to ``nothing more than the supreme command and direction of the military and naval forces.''  During the cold war, and during the nuclear age, the thesis arose that, at a time when the fate of the planet itself appeared to rest on two men thousands of miles apart, Congress had little choice, or so it was claimed, but to cede tremendous authority to the Executive.  Unfortunately, despite the end of the cold war, the view that the President had this authority has continued to survive--and flourish--under Presidents of both political parties.  On the eve of the gulf war, President Bush insisted that he did not need congressional authorization to send half a million men and women into combat with Iraq. I insisted at that time we hold hearings on that subject and there be a resolution concluding whether or not he had that power.  More recently, President Clinton asserted sweeping theories about his power to deploy forces to Haiti and to begin offensive military action against Iraq.  I believe we need to remedy this constitutional imbalance. Accordingly, I have offered in the past, and I have drafted, comprehensive legislation called the Use of Force Act, which is designed to replace the War Powers Resolution.  The Durbin amendment is far shorter and more direct in its approach. And although I support it, as I said, I am skeptical that it will achieve its total desired effect. The Durbin amendment would bar the use of appropriated funds for ``offensive military operations'' byArmed Forces ``except in accordance with Article I, section 8 of the Constitution.''  I believe the Constitution already says that, that we need not redeclare that. But I think it is valuable to do it if it sends a message that we are going to be looking a whole lot closer.  In my view, the President may not use force, except in certain limited circumstances, without the authorization of the Congress, period. The war power is not limited to a formal declaration of war--of which we have had only five in our history. The Founding Fathers had little interest, it seems, in the ceremonial aspects of war. The real issue was congressional authorization of war.  As Hamilton noted in Federalist 25, the ``ceremony of a formal denunciation of war has of late fallen into disuse.'' Obviously, the founders were not talking about a circumstance where the only circumstance that the Congress could impact on whether we use force or not is with a formal declaration of war. Even in 1789--to quote Hamilton--ceremonial declarations of war had fallen into disuse, so obviously that is not what they were talking about alone.  The conclusion that Congress has the power to authorize all uses of force is buttressed by the inclusion in the war clause of the power to grant letters of marque and reprisal. An anachronism today, I acknowledge, letters of marque and reprisal were, though, in the 18th century, their version of limited war. Even back then, for a President to engage in limited war, he needed the authorization of the U.S. Congress. The vehicle was issuing letters of marque and reprisal.  I understand that the administration has expressed its strong opposition to this provision and is threatening to veto it. I have called the administration and indicated they are being foolish in even making that threat, with all due respect. It is merely an institutional instinct that does not surprise me, but I am somewhat surprised by the volume of the objection.  The Durbin amendment, if enacted, may have one salutary effect: It could force the President and his advisors to pause before continuing to make broad assertions of Presidential war power.  If even that result is achieved, the enactment of the Durbin amendment will be a positive development in restoring the constitutional imbalance.  Mr. President, I will not take the time now, but I will, at the appropriate time, reintroduce the Use of Force Act that I have in previously attempted to have passed, working with a number of constitutional scholars who have written extensively in this area.  Let me conclude in the 30 seconds I have left to again compliment the Senator from Illinois. It is time the Congress, with the changed world, reassert its rightful role in the conduct of the use of force, and, now that the world has changed, the old saw about the need for this emergency power--the Congress being less relevant in that regard--should be put to bed once and for all.  I thank him for his effort and I yield the floor.  