 President, as we close debate on the Commerce, Justice, State appropriations bill, I would like to make a few comments on the funding for the foreign affairs agencies.  I want to express my appreciation to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Subcommittee for their efforts to provide adequate funding for the foreign policy agencies within the tight allocation they have. The United States is a great military and economic power, with extensive interests overseas. To protect those interests, we need both a strong military and a strong diplomatic corps. ``Diplomatic readiness'' is more than a slogan; it represents a commitment to ensure that our diplomats, who stand on the front lines of our national defense, have the resources to perform the many tasks we entrust to them.  I commend the Committee for providing, in particular, the necessary funding to modernize the Department of State's information technology. The Department made some bad choices in previous years, and is now saddled with antiquated computer and telecommunications technology. Information is central to the task of diplomacy, and we are undermining our interests substantially unless we properly equip the Department with modern technology.  I'd like to say a few words about the Bureau of Export Administration in the Department of Commerce, which performs several functions that are vital to the national security of the United States. The managers of the bill before us were unable to find $2.5 million for three of those vital functions. I appeal to the managers to make every effort to find those funds in conference, so that we can continue to safeguard the national security as the American people expect us to do.  These important Export Administration needs are as follows:  Ten new positions (8 full-time equivalents) to fully staff Export Administration field offices, so that they can mount more intensive enforcement of U.S. controls over dual-use items that could otherwise be diverted to military or terrorist uses;  Three new positions (2 full-time equivalents) to enhance the enforcement regarding shipments to Hong Kong, so as to prevent or stop any diversion of strategically-controlled goods to China; and  Six positions (4 full-time equivalents) to maintain the Nonproliferation Export Control teams that help countries in the former Soviet Union to improve their export control systems.  The first two items, which require a total of $2.2 million, are self-explanatory. At a time when we have legitimate concerns regarding the possible Chinese diversion to military purposes of machine tools and high-speed computers, we must give the Bureau of Export Administration the funds and positions it needs to fully enforce U.S. law and regulations that control such exports and provide for follow-up monitoring of their overseas use.  The Nonproliferation Export Control teams require a word of further explanation. This function--which is part of the Cooperative Threat Reduction program--has proceeded for some years with funding from the Department of Defense and the Department of State. The Department of Commerce agreed last year, however, to assume the costs of its participation in that program. The State and Defense budgets no longer include funding for the Nonproliferation Export Control teams. If Commerce Department funds are not found for this purpose, this valuable program could well be lost.  What would we lose if the Nonproliferation Export Control teams were to go away? Those teams have performed incredibly well, fostering ties at the customs agent level and helping the former Soviet states to establish export control laws and institutions to can prevent the loss of sensitive goods and information to rogue states or terrorist groups.  For example, the Government of Ukraine wants a team to help brief members of its parliament on inadequacies in Ukraine's current law. The Government of Slovakia wants help in developing regulations to implement its new export control law. Export Administration's teams support these efforts in full cooperation with other U.S. departments and agencies.  I realize that resources are tight, but it would be a grave mistake, in my view, to let this valuable non-proliferation resource slip away from us. So I urge my colleagues, the managers of this bill, to find the $1.3 million needed to keep the Nonproliferation Export Control teams alive and well in Fiscal Year 1999. I also urge them to find the $1.2 million needed to improve our own export enforcement regarding dual-use goods that we must prevent from being used against U.S. interests. I realize these are small amounts in a bill that funds three large cabinet departments, but they could go a long way in advancing our non-proliferation interests.  In closing, I want to again express my appreciation to the managers of this bill. They had a very difficult task in balancing all the competing interests in this bill, and I believe they did an excellent job in balancing those interests.  