 President, I commend my colleagues for their hard work on this legislation--which implements the two world intellectual property organization copyright treaties adopted by the 1996 Geneva diplomatic conference.  As is the practice on such intellectual property matters, we are first seeking to pass the implementing legislation. This, I believe, will pave the way for the Foreign Relations Committee--and the full senate--to ratify the treaties, which the administration submitted last July.  The WIPO treaties and the implementing legislation will update intellectual property law to deal with the explosion of the Internet and other forms of electronic communications. Delegates from the United States and 160 other member nations agreed to give authors of ``literary and artistic works,'' including books, computer programs, films, and sound recordings, the exclusive right to sell or otherwise make their work available to the public.  The treaties give tougher international protection to software makers and the recording industry--the U.S. Government's biggest goal. The U.S. wanted--and got--tough international protection for sound recordings in order to stop pirating of music compact discs overseas. The treaties protect literary and artistic works fromdigital copying, but do not make it illegal to use the Internet in the normal way.  To give a concrete example of what passage and implementation of the WIPO treaties will mean--before the treaty it was illegal to photocopy the contents of an entire book or copy a videotape without permission, but it was not clear whether it was illegal to e-mail copies of a digital book or movie to 500 friends all over the world. Passage of this bill and the WIPO treaties will ensure that both will be illegal--both domestically and overseas.  I am pleased that this bill contains provisions to clarify the actions Internet service providers--as well as libraries and educational institutions--will be legally required to take when confronted with evidence of copyright violations by users of their services.  I am also pleased that this bill contains language intended to preserve the ability of consumer electronics manufacturers--and computer manufacturers and software developers--to continue research and development of innovative devices and hardware products.  These provisions in my view strike an appropriate balance between the rights of copyright holders and the need to encourage continuing expansion of access to digital information to greater numbers of users throughout the world.  Therefore, I commend my Judiciary Committee colleagues for their hard work on this bill and I look forward to its passage by the Congress.  