President, of all things, the Department of HomelandSecurity, created to protect America from terrorism, is a Department that is underfunded by Republican design. The Republicans refuse to give the regular budget appropriation to the Department of Homeland Security to protest President Obama's Executive order on immigration. The House of Representatives went so far as to add five riders--conditions--to the budget for the Department of Homeland Security and send them here. They have said they will not fund this Department unless we join them in what has become an extremely negative and, I believe, hate-filled attack on people across America.  Saturday we had a rally in Chicago, and at that rally was Secretary Jeh Johnson of the Department of Homeland Security. Joining us were Congressman Luis Gutierrez of Chicago, the mayor of Chicago, and literally hundreds of people, many of them DREAMers--young people who are now, because of President Obama's Executive order, allowed to go to school and work in America.  Remember, these were children--toddlers, infants--brought to America by their families, who are undocumented through no fault of their own. They have lived in America, they have been educated in America, they have pledged allegiance to our flag in their classrooms, and they have no future because we have not changed the immigration law to give them a chance. But President Obama has given them a chance. DACA is a program where, when these young people sign up for it, they can be protected to live in America without fear of deportation--to work here, to go to school here, and to start to realize their dreams. They even want to volunteer for our military. Many of them do. They are trying their best to be part of America's future, and the President gave them that chance.  The House of Representatives--the Republican majority--said: We will not fund the Department of Homeland Security to protect America against terrorism unless the Senate will vote to literally deport the DREAMers.  At a time, as Senator Reid said, when we are threatened with ISIS, when we are sickened by the images on television of innocent people--including Americans--being beheaded, at that same time the Republicans on Capitol Hill are telling us: We are not going to properly fund the Department of Homeland Security to protect America unless we can protest what President Obama has done for 600,000 young people protected by DACA.  Senator Reid quoted Senator McCaskill, who spoke up at one of our meetings the other day, who said: Apparently the Republicans fear the DREAMers more than they fear the terrorists, more than they fear ISIS.  That is wrong. I do not know who cooked up this political strategy. They were not thinking clearly. If they were thinking clearly, we would fund that Department with a clean appropriation--one that is now sitting on the calendar of the Senate that was offered by Senators Jeanne Shaheen and Barbara Mikulski. It is sitting here. By unanimous consent, with the approval of the majority leader, we could pass it today, fund this agency.  I asked Secretary Johnson: Well, what difference does it make if you get a temporary funding bill or a regular budget bill?  He said: I can't properly run this Department. I am wasting time and money. I am not investing in things that make us safer because of the way Congress--in this case, the House Republicans--insists that they will not properly fund this agency.  It funded every other agency of government except for the Department of Homeland Security. What are they thinking? Why would they want to make an object lesson out of this critical Department?  I said to Secretary Johnson: So what types of things can't you do?  He gave one example. He said: We give grants for research to find ways to make America safer when we are attacked. We can't give those grants now because we are under a continuing resolution.  Research to make America safe has stopped. Is that a wise thing for the new Republican majority in the House and Senate to do? Clearly, that is their plan. But we are going to give them an alternative and very quickly. Tomorrow we are going to consider a procedural motion about whether we go to this House bill, which has the five riders on immigration. I believe the Democrats will say: No, we want a clean bill, and we want to move to that bill quickly.  And we need to do it not just because we need to keep America safe--isn't that our first obligation?--but secondly because I do not believe our caucus--and I hope not a majority of the other caucus--has the same hate-filled feelings toward DREAMers that we have seen in the House of Representatives.  Mr. President, 600,000 of them have stepped forward. I have come to the floor day after day to tell their stories. They are the most amazing stories of young people who, with no help from the government, finished college and pursued professional degrees, without a penny of assistance from our government, whose only dream is to be part of the future of America. They are our future. They will help our economy. They will reduce our deficit. They will once again reestablish and reaffirm the American dream that people can risk everything to come to this country to make sure their children have a better life. These DREAMers deserve that chance. America deserves the chance to be properly secure in this age of terrorism. This Republican strategy is not going to achieve that.  I thank my colleague.  