President, about 1 year ago I was invited to go to the southeast part of the city of Chicago. It is an area that used to be populated by steel mills and now there are a lot of struggling families. The manufacturing jobs were not replaced.  These are hard-working people--many are Mexican-American people. They sustain what you might expect--great parishes and churches and a great spirit among them, but now they are in a constant struggle. They live in a part of Chicago that has seen better days. They are doing their darndest for their families.  They invited me to see something. They wanted me to see what they were living next door to. I went down to that part of the city of Chicago--within the boundaries of the city of Chicago--and I could not believe what I saw. They live in little houses such as these, and across from them is a mountainous gathering of something called petcoke.  What is petcoke? If you take the Canadian tar sands that will move through the Keystone XL Pipeline to a refinery and put them through a process where you can end up with a viable product, such as gasoline, jet fuel, diesel fuel or whatever it might be, you have to clean out all of this petcoke that creates the tar sands composition that they are dealing with.  When it is all over with--and if the process has been successful--there is a lot of waste. In fact, there are 61 pounds of petcoke for every barrel of oil. Keep in mind that the Senator who is sponsoring the underlying legislation--we are dealing with moving hundreds of thousands of barrels a day through this pipeline.  Now take every one of those barrels and have 61 pounds of petcoke left over as a result of the refining process. What happens to it? This is what happened to it in Chicago. It was dumped in the neighborhood.  The people invited me to come to their homes, and I did. I walked into this woman's home, and she said: I have sealed the windows. I taped them shut because this black, sooty petcoke blows through my windows night and day. I cannot stop it. Is it something to worry about?  It turns out that the petcoke is not a benign material. We are not talking about dust in the air. We are talking about a composition that includes--according to those who have taken a close look at it--heavy metals. Would you want your baby in your home--or my home or my grandchildren--breathing in this filthy, petcoke-infested dust night and day? They are not making it up. They showed me the window sills, and you could see the black, sooty petcoke.  I will tell you the details of the story. The environmental review for the project of Keystone XL notes that communities throughout the Midwest have noticed large piles of petroleum coke--or petcoke--building up as more and more tar sands are processed.  This picture tells a story. This is near a body of water which is carrying this petcoke on the water. These poor folks deal with it as it blows through the air.  This type of crude oil is carried by the Keystone XL Pipeline, a pipeline which the Republican majority has decided is their No. 1 priority in the Senate. Under the new Republican majority it is S. 1. This pipeline, on behalf of a Canadian company, TransCanada, is the topic we are facing.  We just had a vote and unfortunately could not prevail with the notion that at least the oil that comes out of the pipeline ought to be for the benefit of American consumers. We lost that vote. I think the vote was 57 to 42. It was tabled.  Let's talk about the actual process itself. According to the EPA--as I mentioned, the environmental impact statement--every barrel of tar sands contains 61 pounds of petcoke. That means the Keystone XL Pipeline alone will produce 15,400 metric tons of petcoke every day--15,400 metric tons of petcoke every day. Would you like to live next door to that? That is what is happening in the city of Chicago, but it not the only one.  This petcoke comes from the BP, British Petroleum, refinery in Whiting, IN. It is on the very southern tip of Lake Michigan. We can see it from the city of Chicago. They went through a$4 billion upgrade and put in new equipment so they could start processing the Canadian tar sands which will come down through the Keystone XL Pipeline.  Soon after they started this processing with $4 billion of new equipment, the people living in this part of Chicago looked out their windows to see the massive piles of petcoke building up, and as a consequence they got worried. They are worried for their children. On windy days--it is, in fact, the ``Windy City''--black clouds of this dust blow from piles into this working-class neighborhood.  It always seems to be the case, doesn't it? If somebody tried to put this on the North Shore of Chicago, they would scream bloody murder. But the company that owns this petcoke put it outside a poor neighborhood--a working-class neighborhood in Chicago. The petcoke dust settles on window sills and porches.  I met the kids running outside.  They are producing 6,000 tons of petcoke every single day at the British Petroleum refinery in Whiting, IN--6,000 tons a day. At that rate the plant only has room to store a few days' worth of production onsite. So they ended up selling the petcoke to a company called KCBX. It is a subsidiary company owned by the Koch brothers--yes, those Koch brothers.  Connect the dots. The highest priority of the Republican majority in the Senate was to call up a bill for a Canadian company to transport tar sands across the United States with no promise that the American consumers would ever be able to access it, and the process of refining the Canadian tar sands ends up inuring to the benefit of many companies, such as British Petroleum and KCBX, which again is owned by the Koch brothers. These are the same Koch brothers who are viable political players in our political campaigns.  This means the people in southeast Chicago are forced to breathe this dirty air that members of National Nurses United say causes severe health threats. Petcoke contains high levels of heavy metals, such as vanadium and nickel, and dust particles get trapped in residents' lungs, triggering asthma and exacerbating heart and lung conditions.  When I go to a school--whether it is rural or urban--I make a point to ask a very basic question: Does any student here know anyone with asthma? Half of the hands are up in every classroom. Our pages are starting to raise their hands, of course.  So here we have a national problem, a respiratory problem, which has been made dramatically worse by the byproduct, petcoke, of the Keystone XL Pipeline. That is a fact. What I have argued to you now so far is indisputable.  The community and members of the Southeast Environmental Task Force that I visited with in Chicago are fighting back with the help of the National Resources Defense Council. They worked with Mayor Emanuel and Chicago officials to put standards in place for petcoke storage sites that protect public and environmental health. They have come up with a radical notion--if you want to store this dangerous petcoke, then for goodness' sake put it inside a building so it doesn't blow all over the neighborhood.  They are suing KCBX and Koch Industries for the damages caused by petcoke piles after the Environmental Protection Agency issued a notice to the company of Clean Air Act violations.  The people who hate the EPA like the devil hates holy water do not want them to come in and look at something as outrageous as this and tell you the obvious. This is a public health danger. Petcoke from Canadian tar sands, and part of the Keystone XL Pipeline, is a public health hazard.  Unfortunately, petcoke just isn't an issue in Chicago or Illinois. My colleague from Michigan, Senator Gary Peters, told me a story earlier. He can tell you what happened in Detroit when another Koch brothers-owned company decided to store large piles of petcoke on the Detroit River.  If you look online, you can still find the YouTube video of black clouds blowing off the piles of the Koch brothers' petcoke into the river. In fact, Senator Peters said that at one point this black cloud was so dense it obscured the Ambassador Bridge between the United States and Canada. You could not see it.  It took years of complaints and lawsuits from local communities to get shipping ports in California to require piles of petcoke that was being stored there to be kept in enclosed facilities and covered at all times.  Other communities continue to fight, including my city of Chicago, which I am proud to represent. As the U.S. refines more and more tar sands--that is what this bill is all about, refining more and more Canadian tar sands. Every single day tons of this petcoke is produced with no end in sight and no way of protecting the people who live around that area from the damage it will cause to the lungs of children and other vulnerable people, such as elderly people with respiratory challenges.  Residents in Houston, TX, and the State of Ohio have complained about how these petcoke piles stored in their neighborhoods are damaging their homes and health, but many Americans affected by petcoke don't have the money or power to take on big companies, so it is up to Congress. It is up to us to ensure that every person in America--rich or poor, whether they live in a good neighborhood or a struggling neighborhood--has the protection against public health hazards.  There is a current exemption of petcoke from environmental laws. When you think of all of the things blowing in the air, how in the world did petcoke end up being treated like fairy dust? It is exempt from laws relating to basic things, such as the Superfund. It is exempt from laws relating to hazardous waste and materials. They must have had friends in high places to make sure this miserable source of respiratory problems would be exempt from Federal law.  My amendment would change that. It would end this exemption so they would be held to environmental and public health standards when it comes to this miserable byproduct of Canadian tar sands and the Keystone XL Pipeline.  My amendment goes on to require the EPA and the Department of Transportation to implement rules for petcoke storage and transportation to protect the public health and environment.  Is there anyone here who will tell you that the folks, TransCanada or those refining this, should not have that responsibility? I would not want to see this anywhere. I would not want to see it in Alaska, and I would not want to see it in Oklahoma. I sure don't want to even see it in the city of Chicago. But to think it goes unregulated--absolutely unregulated--is amazing, and that is what my amendment addresses.  The United States already produces millions of tons of petcoke each year. Building this pipeline is just going to add dramatically to that amount. By fixing the legal status of petcoke and making it subject to the same laws as all other dangerous materials, we can help ensure that clean air and clean water is something everyone enjoys, whether they are rich or poor and no matter what State they happen to live in.  I hope the Senate will have a chance to vote on my amendment to close this loophole for petcoke and establish reasonable guidelines for handling the material.  It is time we put the health and well-being of Americans ahead of the profits of any industry involved in the processing of Canadian tar sands because no community--especially the southeast side of Chicago--should be considered a dumping ground for companies to make money off the lungs and health of vulnerable children, elderly, and poor people.  No family should be forced to live next door to a three-story-high pile of petcoke, and that is what is going on. No kid should have to move from a ball field to play inside so they are not exposed to hazardous chemicals.  I know what will happen. Somebody is going to make a motion to table this amendment. We can run, but we can't hide, just as we can run, but we can't hide from blowing petcoke. If my colleagues won't allow a vote on this amendment to classify this as a material that should be regulated for the safety of the environment and public health, they will be on record if they vote to table this amendment.  I urge my colleagues--even if they dearly love the Keystone XL Pipelineand even if they can't wait to bring in the Canadian tar sands--think about this as if this were your hometown, your neighborhood, and you lived in a house such as this and you looked across the road at that miserable pile, three stories high, of petcoke blowing in for your children and your grandchildren to breathe every day.  I yield the floor.  