President, the debate which we will engage in today on the floor of the Senate is really one that parallels the historic debates that have occurred in the course of our Nation's history. When a great democracy sets out to defend its citizens and to engage in security, it really is with a challenge: Can we keep our Nation safe and still protect our rights and liberties? That question has been raised, and that challenge has been raised time and again.  It was President Abraham Lincoln during the Civil War who suspended the right of habeas corpus. It was challenged by some as an overextension by the executive branch, but President Lincoln thought it was necessary to resolve the Civil War in favor of the Union. In World War I, the passage of the Alien and Sedition Acts raised questions about the loyalty of Americans who question many of the great issues that were being raised during that war. We certainly all remember what happened during World War II when, even under President Franklin Roosevelt, thousands of Japanese Americans were interned because of our concerns about safety and security in the United States. It continued in the Cold War with the McCarthy hearings and accusations that certain members of the State Department and other officials were, in fact, Communist sympathizers. That history goes on and on.  So whenever we engage in a question of the security and safety for our Nation, we are always going to be facedwith that challenge. Are we going too far? Are we giving too much authority to the government? Are we sacrificing our individual rights and liberty and privacy far more than we should to keep this Nation safe? That, in fact, is the debate we have today on the most sophisticated new form of warfare--cyber war.  Cyber security is an enormous concern not just for private companies but for every American. Data breaches happen almost every day. We read not that long ago that 21 million current and former Federal employees had their records breached and stolen from the Office of Personnel Management. Just this month more than 700,000 T-Mobile users in my home State may have had their information compromised by hackers. It seems there isn't a month that goes by where we don't hear of another security breach. That is why we need to take steps to improve data security and share cyber threat information.  Chairman Burr and Ranking Member Feinstein worked long and hard to put together a bill to encourage private and governmental entities to share potential threat information. This bill has evolved over 5 years. No one has worked harder during that period of time than my colleague, Senator Feinstein of California. Senator Burr is now joining her in this effort.  Many are skeptical about the bill before us. Some have raised those concerns on the floor. But we look at the major companies that are opposing this bill as currently written--Apple, IBM, Microsoft, Google, Facebook, and Amazon--just a few of the major companies that have said they can't support the bill that is on the floor today. They note that the bill does not require companies or the Federal Government to protect private information, including personal emails, email addresses, and more. In fact, this bill preempts all laws that would prevent a company or agency from sharing personal information.  I am encouraged that the managers of this bill have moved in the direction of addressing this concern. They have limited the authorization to share cyber threat information to ``cyber security purposes''--a valuable step toward making sure the bill is not used as surveillance. They have included a provision requiring government procedures to notify Americans if their information is shared mistakenly by the government. They have clarified that the authorization to employ defensive measures--or defensive ``hacking''--does not allow an entity to gain unauthorized access to another's computer network.  There will be some amendments before us today that I will support which I think strengthen the privacy protections that should be included in this bill.  I am a cosponsor of the Franken amendment to improve the definitions of ``cyber security threat'' and other cyber threat indicators. Narrowing this definition from information that ``may'' be a threat to information that is ``reasonably likely'' to pose a threat would reduce the amount of potentially personal information shared under the bill.  I also urge my colleagues to support the Wyden amendment to strengthen the requirement that private companies remove sensitive personal information before sharing cyber threat indicators. Again, this amendment would limit the amount of potentially personal information shared under the bill.  I support the Coons amendment to give the Department of Homeland Security time to remove or scrub personal information from the information it shares with other Federal agencies. There is simply no need for personal information unrelated to a threat to be shared with law enforcement agencies such as the Department of Justice and NSA.  These amendments would strengthen privacy protections in the bill much more than the original managers' package. I look forward to working with Senators Burr and Feinstein and others to ensure that the final bill addresses our cyber security concerns while still protecting privacy--something I know we all want to do.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  