President, a Chicago neighborhood that has played a significant part in our country's African-American and labor history is being recognized next week in an exciting way. Next Thursday President Obama is going to declare the Pullman Historic District on the South Side of Chicago a national monument. This is the first time a unit of the National Park Service would be established in Chicago.  This designation is the result of a collaborative effort by the businesses, residents, and organizations of the Pullman area in Chicago to restore and preserve this unique community. The people who are part of the Pullman legacy helped shape America as we know it.  The Pullman neighborhood includes almost 90 percent of the original buildings the railcar magnate George Pullman built a century ago for his factory town to build railroad cars. It was the birthplace of the Nation's first black labor union, the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters.  Pullman workers fought for fair labor conditions in the late 19th century, and Pullman porters helped advance America's civil rights movement.  During the economic depression of the 1890s, the Pullman community was the catalyst for the first industry-wide strike in the United States, which helped to lead to the creation of Labor Day as a national holiday. The Pullman porters are credited with creating the African-American middle class.  I have supported this designation for some time and have introduced legislation with my colleague Senator Kirk and with Congressman Robin Kelly to make the site a national historical monument.  Alderman Anthony Beale of Chicago's 9th Ward has worked hard to garner support for the recognition of Pullman. Many others in Chicago helped advance the proposal: Eleanor Gorski, with the Chicago Department of Planning and Development; David Doig, president of Chicago Neighborhood Initiatives, Lynn McClure and LeAaron Foley with the National Parks Conservation Association, and many others who drew attention to the historical significance of this neighborhood.  The Pullman national monument will be an important addition to the current National Park System. It highlights stories from communities that are rarely represented in other national parks. The park's urban location on Chicago's South Side makes it easily accessible to millions of people by public transportation--again setting Pullman apart from other national parks.  The National Park Service is associated with national wonders such as geysers and forests. Urban national parks are few and far between. With this designation, the Pullman neighborhood is joining the ranks of the National Mall and the Statue of Liberty as national parks accessible in urban areas. The monument will also provide an opportunity for tourism and job creation--much needed in this community.  It is only right that Pullman be preserved and honored as a part of our National Park System. I commend the President for this decision to showcase the prominence and legacy of Pullman in our Nation's history.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  