President, today I come to the Senate floor to discuss the issue of for-profit colleges. One may wonder how a Member of the U.S. Senate takes up an issue. This came to my attention when a young woman in Chicago, IL, contacted our office and told her story. She was a conscientious young woman who wanted a college education, and, having graduated high school, she shopped around on the Internet and found the degree she wanted. It was a degree in law enforcement offered by Westwood College. Westwood is a for-profit college based in Colorado.  She enrolled in Westwood, and 5 years later--5 years of classes later--she got her diploma in law enforcement from Westwood. She took it to every law enforcement agency in the Chicagoland area, and they said: Young lady, this is not a real college; this is one of those for-profit Westwood colleges. We don't recognize your degree.  When she went to another place, she got the same reaction, and then she realized she had wasted 5 years of her life on a worthless diploma. But that is not the worst part. She incurred a student loan debt of $80,000 and she couldn't get a job. She moved back into her parents' basement. Her dad came out of retirement to help her pay off this loan, and she is going to take years to do it. She has postponed buying a car, getting her own apartment, or even considering marriage or a family. This was one personal tragedy that opened my mind.  I used to drive out on the Kennedy Expressway and see Westwood College signs on these large, tall buildings and think, wow, this must be some college. Well, it turned out that it was part of a network of for-profit colleges and universities that I have been researching and speaking about ever since.  When I started 5 years ago, it was a different industry than it is today. Too many people like this young lady ended up with empty promises, deep debt, and worthless diplomas from for-profit colleges and universities.  Westwood isn't the only one. The biggest for-profit college is the University of Phoenix. DeVry University, based out of Chicago, IL, is the second largest. Kaplan--which used to own or was owned by the Washington Post, depending on your point of view--ITT Tech, and Le Cordon Bleu are names young people know right off the bat because they are inundated with advertising from for-profit schools. They and their parents think these are real schools. They think: It is worth my time. It is worth the debt to me and my family to pursue a degree.  Five years ago, this industry was in its heyday. Enrollment and profits were sky high. They were a favorite of Wall Street investors. Between 1998 and 2008, enrollment at for-profit colleges exploded by 225 percent. By 2010, total enrollment in these for-profit schools reached 2.4 million.  When the former chairman of the HELP Committee, Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa, released a report on the industry in 2012, they had grown to take an incredible share--$32 billion in Federal taxpayer dollars, 25 percent of all the Federal aid to education. Despite the fact that they had 10 percent of the students, they were taking 25 percent of the Federal aid at that point. Why? They are so expensive. The tuition is so much higher than public colleges and universities or even many private colleges.  Meanwhile, more than half the students who enrolled in for-profit colleges left without a degree within 4 months and found themselves in student loan default. Five years ago, 10 percent of the students accounted for 47 percent of the student loan defaults. How can it be that 47 percent of the students who can't pay back their student loans went to for-profit colleges? It costs so much and the degrees are worthless.  John Murphy is a cofounder of the University of Phoenix. This was the mother ship of them all during thegreat for-profit college movement. Here is what he said in the Deseret News National:       They are not educators and they're looking to manipulate      this model to make money. There is nothing wrong with making      money, but I think anyone making money in an educational      activity has a higher standard of accountability.  John Murphy, a cofounder of the University of Phoenix, is right. He explained that they started off as a serious venture to educate students, but they soon became a company listed on Wall Street chasing stock prices, tapping into the open spigot of Federal loans, which Mr. Murphy calls the juice of the for-profit college industry. He went on to say:       Phoenix was the one that got it rolling, and then all the      other for-profits followed them in.  I will yield at this point to my colleague from Hawaii. I thank Senator Schatz for joining me in this colloquy.  