 The issue before us is a conference committee report on the House Defense authorization bill. It is not the spending bill; it is the authorizing of spending. It is a bill that largely is bipartisan. There is no argument on either side of the aisle to support our troops, no argument against providing the technology and weaponry they need to keep themselves and Americans safe. The issue before us is a larger budget issue that goes even beyond the Department of Defense but certainly includes it, and that is, how are we going to fund our government?  The Republican approach is to put in $37 billion to $38 billion of made-up money. In other words, they take $37 billion or $38 billion of what is known as OCO funds, or war funds, and just assume it is there and put it in the budget for the Department of Defense only, but they don't put money in for nondefense agencies. So they adequately fund the Department of Defense--in fact, some say generously fund it--andthen cut back in the rest of government. What is the difference? What difference does it make?  The cutbacks include, on the nondefense side, medical research at the National Institutes of Health. The cuts include adequate resources for the Veterans' Administration to keep our promise to the men and women who have served us in the military. The cuts include keeping America safe when it comes to homeland security and the FBI. So they make cuts in all of these agencies but provide the funding for the Department of Defense.  We argue: Let's have some balance. We want to give our troops the very best treatment, but we certainly don't want to shortchange the other side of government--the nondefense side--and that is what the budget negotiations are all about.  So Republican after Republican comes to the floor and says the Democrats don't care about the military. That is not true; both sides care about the military. But there are other parts of our government that are important as well for the safety of the United States and the future of the United States. Whether it is education or medical research or caring for our veterans, let's have a balance in our budget that acknowledges that reality, and let's look at a couple other things that are realistic too.  How many people in America think we are suffering from not enough handguns on the streets of America? There are some who do. There is a provision in this bill which is no surprise to people who follow legislation on Capitol Hill. The gun lobby is always looking for a way to expand their universe of more guns in America. So they proposed, in the House of Representatives--the Congressman from Alabama proposed--that the military sell 100,000 .45-caliber semiautomatic handguns without any background checks on the purchasers. That was the proposal in the House--100,000 semiautomatic handguns without any background checks on the purchasers. Did they really do that? They did. It was in the bill. Jack Reed, the Senator from Rhode Island who is the ranking Democrat, changed that provision and limited it from 100,000 to 10,000--10,000 handguns--and said they have to go through dealers so there will be a background check.  I raise that point because guns are in the news again. Guns are in the news every day. Each day 297 Americans are shot with firearms, and 89 lose their lives. We saw the terrible tragedy last week. I was stunned to hear on NPR over the weekend that what happened at Roseburg, OR, was the 45th school shooting in America this year--the 45th this year.  We have to do something about it. It is not going to be solved with this bill alone, but it will be solved if Democrats and Republicans start looking for reasonable ways to limit the access of guns from those who have a history of committing criminal felonies or a history of mental instability. I am glad the Senate conferees cleaned up the House provision that would have dumped 100,000 handguns into the hands of purchasers without any kind of background check. I still believe this bill goes too far when it comes to that gun issue.  I will close by saying this: We are all committed to the military and the defense of the United States. Many of us believe the agreement with Iran that precludes their development of a nuclear weapon will lead to a safer world. We are going to carefully monitor it, as we promised we would, for the sake not only of Israel but for all of the nations in the region, as well as the United States. We want to make this a safer world. We want to turn to diplomacy before we turn to a military response. I supported it, and I will continue to support it.  I hope, in the closing minutes of debate, that Members will reflect on the fact that we can have a better deal not only to help our military but to help those others who are funded by the nondefense side of the budget, to have some balance too, to make sure it isn't lopsided with the money all going to the Department of Defense without acknowledging precious needs of America in many other nondefense subjects.  I yield the floor.  