Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1975, the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Simplification and Fairness Act of 1996. The purpose of this bill is to improve the management of royalties from Federal oil and gas leases onshore and on the Outer Continental Shelf, as well. H.R. 1975 does this by establishing clear an equitable provisions for the effective and efficient administration of leases by the Secretary of the Interior to further exploration and development of oil and gas resources.  Mr. Speaker, our existing laws, regulations, policies, and procedures related to oil and gas leasing lack clarity and consistency and impose unnecessary and unreasonable costs and burdens on lessees and the Government alike. Because the Federal Royalty Program is so complex and unfair a damper is placed upon competition for these leases--especially among the smaller independent producers.  This complexity is an outgrowth of reforms mandated by conditions in the late 1970's when States and Indian tribes which share in these leasing receipts charged that the Federal agency then responsible for collecting royalties could not adequately track payments against obligations. The Commission on Fiscal Accountability of the Nation's energy resources was chartered to study possible reforms, and made 60 recommendations for improvements. Nearly 14 years ago, Congress passed the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act to implement many of the panel suggestions, which, indeed, has clearly improved Federal royalty management with increased revenues to the U.S. Treasury, and to the States via the net receipts sharing formula for onshore leases and certain OCS leases.  However, further improvements are necessary. For example, multiple conflicting laws and recent lower court decisions holding that no statute of limitations applies for royalty purposes have created uncertainty and unfairness for lessees subject to indefinite audit exposure.  Mr. Speaker, unlike the situation for taxpayers and the IRS, the royalty books are never closed for a lessee of the Interior Department--and because of this the Government doesn't act timely to make payment demands of lessees. It simply is not a priority of the Feds because the Department of the Interior can go back decades laterto audit and if necessary demand further payment. But, what kind of way is this to run a multibillion dollar program? Money has a time value and the Secretary's levy of interest on royalty underpayments does not fully offset the many years delay in collecting what may be owed.  Furthermore, current law severely restricts Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act lessees access to overpayments made to the Federal Government, and does not provide for the time value of lessees' overpayments, while at the same time underpayors definitely owe interest. In other words, the playing field is so far tilted it's a wonder anybody plays the game.  But, Mr. Speaker, the most overlooked reform recommended by the Commission was to further involve the States in Federal royalty collections. We must not forget that many States have auditors who are ready, willing, and able to do the job, as well as the motivation to go after each and every penny or royalty owed. Because for every dollar collected from an onshore Federal lessee 50 cents will come back to the State's treasury. For most of the States where the Federal acreage is concentrated this revenue stream is a significant part of their operating budgets for schools, roads, or other programs. For such States, the lack of aggressive efforts by the Feds to collect these moneys to be shared is very frustrating. And to top it all off, since fiscal year 1991 the States have had to pay one-fourth of the Feds costs to manage the mineral leasing program--from the land-use planning stage through leasing, permitting, and, if the leases are productive, the collection of royalties.  Mr. Speaker, in truth, this is why we are here today. Our States are demanding a larger role in policing what they are owed from lessees and H.R. 1975 will provide them such opportunity. The Vice President proposed 1 year ago to totally devolve the royalty program to the States. Although that proposal was pulled back after a few months, the administration fully supports the State delegation language we are voting upon today, indeed, the entire bill has the President's backing. Quite frankly, I would have liked a stronger delegation provision requiring the Secretary of the Interior to give primacy for royalty collection to those States which are able to demonstrate an efficient program, but that was not achievable this year. Instead, the Secretary will have discretion to hand down these duties to States or maintain the current Federal role. Given the realities of the Federal budget, I believe enactment of H.R. 1975 will ultimately lead to expanded delegation to the States simply because staffing in the Interior Department will for all practical purposes dictate this result.  In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Budget Office estimates this bill would increase revenues to the U.S. Treasury by $36 million over 6 years, and cumulatively to the States by $9 million during the same interval. This bill is good Government, pure and simple, and I ask my colleagues for their support.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  