President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Illinois, who as usual is being a bit too logical. The fact is, if Members of the Congress had to go through this--because wewill have a lot who are paying the AMT, many who have investments of a variety of sorts--I believe that alone could trigger a bit of a revolution around here. I think the challenge is for people to see just the kind of tax hole we have dug ourselves into over the last 20 years--14,000 changes, needless complications.  I really do not see how a middle-class person can get ahead with a Tax Code that discriminates against work. The Senator from Illinois has been a champ for the middle-class kind of family.  Here is the way it works. If a cop in Chicago gets a $500 pay raise, that cop pays 25 percent of his or her pay raise to the Federal Government in income taxes, and then they pay Social Security payroll taxes on top of that. If somebody in downtown Chicago makes all their money from capital gains and investment, they pay 15 percent on their capital gains and no Social Security payroll tax.  Again, I have tried to emphasize that I am not for soaking anybody. I believe in markets, and I believe in creating wealth, as I believe Senators of both political parties do. But as the Senator from Illinois has pointed out, if Senators were really forced to deal with these kinds of situations themselves, starting with the Tax Code complications, when they fill it out on their own, that could start a revolution around here.  I believe this is a bipartisan opportunity that comes along rarely.  I will wrap up with one last point.  I believe the Social Security reform showed a lot about what our citizens think about a vital American program. A lot of Americans love Social Security dearly, and there are a lot of rallies outside the offices of Members of Congress, with folks carrying signs saying, ``I love Social Security.'' I tell colleagues that there will be no rally outside your office with people carrying signs saying, ``We Love the IRS Code.'' This is something which could be reformed, could be changed on a bipartisan basis.  