I am a Senator who believes there ought to be private choices in American health care. There are some who think that all the health care ought to be privatized, some who think that Government ought to do everything. I am one who believes there is a role for both the private sector and for Government in health care.  Unfortunately, I voted for the Medicare prescription drug program. As a former director of the Oregon Gray Panthers, I still have the welts on my back to show for it. I never conceived that the administration of this program could be so bungled. We have bedlam out there right now with seniors with advanced degrees trying to sort all this out. Again, it did not have to be this way. If, for example, the administration had at least standardized the policies a little bit so that people could compare the various prescription drug coverages available, we could have avoided this chaos. There is a model for this as well, a model used for the private health insurance supplements that seniors bought to add to their Medicare.  Before I came to Congress, I was director of the Gray Panthers. It was not uncommon for a senior to have 10, 15 private health insurance policies. We drained that swamp. Now seniors for the most part have only one Medigap policy. It meets their needs. The insurance industry has indicated it works for them. We ought to be trying to standardize or at least make more understandable the private health policies that seniors are looking at now to meet their prescription drug needs.  I have suggested this to the Secretary of Health and Human Services. To his credit, he has indicated that he is interested in pursuing it. The administration of this program didn't have to roll out this way. It could have been simpler and more understandable, if the choices that were made available to seniors had simply been structured in a clearer, more understandable way.  There is a second thing that needs to be done on health care. Senator Snowe and I got 51 votes late last year for our legislation to lift the restriction on Medicare's right to bargain to hold down the cost of prescription medicine. The way Medicare is buying this medicine defies anything that goes on in the private sector. It is similar to somebody going to Costco and buying toilet paper one roll at a time. Nobody would shop the way Medicare is purchasing these prescription drugs.  By my count, Senator Snowe and I now have 53 votes for our legislation to lift the restriction on Medicare bargaining. I commend a number of colleagues who have been involved. On our side of the aisle, Senators Stabenow and Feinstein have done a lot of heavy lifting. Senator McCain has been a wonderful supporter. We ought to pass that legislation. We ought to make it possible for Medicare to bargain to hold down the cost of medicine. I look forward to talking to our colleagues further, including the distinguished Senator in the chair.  There are other steps that ought to be taken to hold down the costs in health care. I hope we will hear about them tonight. One of the best is to make more accurate information available about how doctors and hospitals price their services.  It is possible to shop for just about anything in the United States, but you cannot shop very much for health care. It makes no sense at all. Senator Cornyn, the distinguished Senator from Texas, has a great interest in this issue. Other colleagues do as well. But if we are serious about holding down costs--I think the President will talk about cost containment tonight--let's get better, more understandable, more usable information about doctors and hospitals out to the American people. That is step No. 2.  Step No. 3 involves end-of-life care--one of the most controversial issues in American health care. As my colleagues know, I was the one who blocked the original Schiavo legislation from coming up on the floor. Let me talk about something all of us can agree on, and that is we ought to expand hospice and comfort care to deal with end-of-life services because this is something which will help us save money, will avoid some of the family tragedies that result in these horrible, polarizing kinds of problems such as we saw in the tragic Schiavo case.  There is no reason, given the fact that a growing fraction of the health care dollar gets spent in the last few months of an individual's life, that to be both compassionate and hold down health care costs, Republicans and Democrats cannot join hands on expanding hospice care as an alternative to what our citizens face now with end-of-life choices.  The fourth step is an area the Chair has a great interest in, and that is health care technology. We know many communities have multiple technologies, such as MRI machines. There are some very exciting and tremendous new products that are available. Many communities have lots of these technologies, and some have none at all. There is a maldistribution of health care resources. So an area I have a great interest in is, making it possible in communities in Minnesota and Oregon for health care providers to share these technologies, perhaps even giving them a waiver of antitrust restrictions, so that rather than everybody having to keep up with the Joneses and adding to health care expenses in an area that has fueled our costs, let's figure out a way that will not freeze innovation. Nobody wants to do that.  The Senator from Minnesota has been a leader in that field. We don't want to freeze innovation, but we want to hold down costs and make sure there is access. I think there are ways in which we can create incentives to share these exciting health care technologies. I have suggested just one this afternoon. That is a way to hold down health care costs.  Mr. President, to recap, let's clean up the Medicare prescription drug benefit. Let's figure out how to get better and more accurate information about doctors and hospital costs and services out. Let's expand hospice and compassionate end-of-life care. And let's make sure there are incentives to better use health care technology.  Those are four practical steps which can hold down health care costs and improve health care services in our country.  I close by way of saying that I came to the Senate floor today because I had those 21 town meetings at home. I heard middle-class people talk about all the issues where the second word was ``bill''--medical bill, tax bill, mortgage bill, gas bill, home heating bill. They are concerned about economics and their pocketbooks. We don't need all this dead wood in our tax system. We can come up with a 1-page alternative. I proposed one, as have others. We can work in a bipartisan way to hold down health care costs.  Tonight, we may not hear about some of what I have discussed this afternoon, but I look forward to working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle and with the Bush administration because on both the tax issue and the health care issue, we can do better.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  