President, with the Senate heading for the break for the Fourth of July recess, obviously, there will not be many more days left in this year's schedule. I am going to spendsome time on the floor in the days ahead focusing on those areas where there is significant bipartisan support for making a real difference for the American people, especially on those key domestic issues of energy and health care, two areas I know the Presiding Officer, the distinguished Senator from North Carolina, cares a great deal about.  For example, on the energy front, today, I and Senator Kyl and Senator Snowe and Senator Lieberman sent a letter to the distinguished majority leader, Senator Frist, asking that we have an opportunity to debate how the Government can save between $20 billion and $80 billion on an energy program that is totally out of control. It involves the Federal Government's oil and natural gas royalty program.  It is a program that began at a time when oil was somewhere in the vicinity of $20 a barrel. It has been a bipartisan concern of Senators that it makes no sense to spend billions and billions of dollars subsidizing the price of oil when it is at record levels.  I spent, as you know, Mr. President, about 5 hours on the floor of the U.S. Senate discussing this issue a few weeks ago, and I certainly have no intention of duplicating that this afternoon. But I do think it is important to zero in on those issues that have bipartisan support, and I want to describe what has happened in the Senate and in the other body since I and Senator Kyl talked about this program a number of weeks ago.  After we discussed it for those many hours on the floor of the U.S. Senate, on May 17 the House of Representatives voted on a measure that was virtually identical to the final Wyden-Kyl amendment. Two-hundred and fifty Members of the House of Representatives, with regard to this issue, after a lengthy debate, voted to address a mistake that has been pointed out by Senators of both political parties here on this floor.  So my hope is--and this is the point of our bipartisan letter to Senator Frist today--we can get an opportunity for a real debate on this issue on the floor of the U.S. Senate before the Senate breaks for the August recess.  It is one thing to talk about subsidies at a time, for example, when the price of oil is low, when the oil sector is hurting, when they are having difficulty getting the adequate dollars together for the investments that are needed in this vital part of our economy. But certainly that is not the case today. Today we are talking about record profits, we are talking about record prices, and we certainly do not need record subsidies.  I and Senator Kyl would like a chance to put this issue before the entire U.S. Senate. On our letter today to the majority leader, Senator Snowe and Senator Lieberman--two Members who have been very involved in these issues for a number of years as well--are joining us.  I also point out the mistakes in this program are bipartisan. Certainly, there were mistakes made during the Clinton administration when there was a failure to address what is called the threshold issue to ensure you do not subsidize these oil companies at a time when profits are extremely high and you do not need these incentives. So the Clinton administration mangled the job before President Bush and his team took over. But certainly the problem was compounded by Gale Norton, who was then Secretary of the Interior, who insisted on raising the subsidies even more administratively.  And then, as I talked about on the floor of the Senate when the Congress passed the energy bill as part of this session, the deal was sweetened even more. Again, virtually no independent expert thought the subsidies were needed. When I asked the oil company executives, who came before the Energy Committee, on which the Presiding Officer, the distinguished Senator from North Carolina, and I both serve, the executives, to a person, said: We do not need these subsidies at a time of record prices and record profits.  So the Congress is behind the American people. Frankly, the Congress is lagging behind even what the oil executives have said they could live with. At a time when the House of Representatives--more than 250 in number--has voted to cut these subsidies, the Senate should not be dawdling on this issue any longer.  We are talking about substantial sums of money. 