President, I thank, particularly, the distinguished Senator from Montana, who is on the floor, Mr. Baucus, and Senator Grassley, for working very closely with me on this issue because I think this illustrates something the Senate is going to have to tackle aggressively in the days ahead. This, at least, makes a modest step in the right direction.  At a time when the oil companies have been making record profits and often charging record prices at the pump, it does not seem, to me, they ought to be receiving record subsidies from the taxpayers.  What this amendment does--and this would mean for the first time in, as far as I can tell, 20 years--the Congress would actually be rolling back a subsidy to the oil industry. This would limit one of the new tax breaks that the major oil companies received in last year's Energy bill.  The reason I feel so strongly about this, colleagues, is we had the major oil companies before the Energy Committee recently, and I asked the CEOs of the five largest oil companies if they agreed with the President's statement--and I quote here--``With $55 oil, we don't need incentives for oil and gas companies to explore.''  The CEOs of ExxonMobil, ChevronTexaco, ConocoPhillips, BP, and Shell all agreed that the new tax breaks for exploration in the Energy bill were unnecessary. In fact, ExxonMobil CEO Lee Raymond said:       When you add it all up that energy legislation is zero in      terms of how it affects ExxonMobil.  So what we have is the bizarre situation where the Congress sends billions of dollars of new subsidies to the oil companies when the oil companies actually show up at congressional hearings and say they do not even need these subsidies that the Congress is sending them.  Now, ExxonMobil recently announced it had posted an all-time record profit of $36 billion in 2005. That huge amount is not just the highest profit ever for an oil company, it is the highest profit ever for any company. And ExxonMobil is not the only oil company to post a record-high profit in 2005. ConocoPhillips reported its profits shot up 66 percent to $13.5 billion, while ChevronTexaco's profits jumped to more than $14 billion. The five largest oil companies in the country had combined profits of more than $110 billion.  So I would only say to the Senate today, it is one thing to talk about new tax breaks to the oil companies and to look at them, as we are doing today, and to particularly say: Do the oil companies need these tax breaks in order to promote exploration and secure the energy our country needs? What we now have is the situation where the oil companies themselves have come to the Congress and have said, publicly, before the Congress, they do not need these kinds of tax breaks.  At a time when they make record profits and consumers have recently paid record-high prices, the Federal Government simply should not record record-high subsidies to these companies.  The Senate tax reconciliation bill includes an amendment I had the opportunity to work with Chairman Grassley and Senator Baucus on to eliminate one of the new tax breaks for the oil companies to explore. This is exactly the type of incentive the major oil company CEOs and President Bush have said they do not need.  The special-interest tax break I was able to see eliminated from the Finance Committee bill would cost taxpayers about $300 million over 10 years. The taxpayers, in effect, would have to pay higher taxes to provide this big break for major oil companies, when the price of oil is over $60 per barrel. That is $7 per barrel higher than the price at which the President said theydo not need incentives. At these high prices, it is my view we ought to take back this unnecessary tax break and save our citizens hard-earned tax dollars.  Now, there are some in the industry who may argue the five major oil companies' CEOs do not speak for the entire industry. They may argue the small producers still need more incentives to explore.  I want to emphasize this amendment does not affect the small producers. This amendment is about the large oil companies, the people who came to the Senate and said they do not need new subsidies.  This amendment is about making sure these major firms don't get a tax break they now have testified they don't need. The fact is, over the past 2 years, oil companies have already increased their drilling operations as the price of oil has skyrocketed from $45 per barrel to over $70 per barrel. The number of rigs in operation and the amount of drilling have also been increased by a third since 2003. Most of this increased drilling occurred before the new tax break went into effect.  What it comes down to is Congress should not provide more subsidies to major oil companies that make record profits to do what they are already doing, especially at a time when our consumers are getting hammered at the pump. Unless the Congress accepts this measure that the Finance Committee accepted when I offered it through the support of the chairman and Senator Baucus, the major oil companies would be getting a significant new tax break that other major industries don't get.  Instead of having to write off some of their capital costs over a number of years, major companies would get accelerated writeoffs for what is called geological and geophysical exploration costs. According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, the IRS and the Federal courts have ruled that these costs are capital costs which should properly be depreciated over the entire period the oil well is producing, which can be a decade or longer.  The President's budget calls for scaling back this special treatment of oil and gas exploration costs by extending the depreciation period for what are called G&G costs from 2 to 5 years. The Senate bill takes a little different approach by repealing accelerated depreciation of these costs for the biggest oil companies.  I wish to emphasize this, particularly since I see my friend from Mississippi who has discussed the energy issue in a very thoughtful way in committee. The Senator from Mississippi and others have stressed how important these incentives are to the independents and small producers. This is something with which I am sympathetic.  I have indicated to Chairman Grassley and others that I believe we ought to be taking a comprehensive look at the Tax Code as it relates to the energy field to make sure we can reconfigure these tax breaks so that when they are needed by the small companies and the independents, they can get them, but we don't keep sending them out the door to the big oil companies and then have these big oil companies in effect embarrass the Congress by coming to a hearing and saying: Look, we don't need these breaks.  Tax breaks such as the accelerated writeoffs for these costs also clutter up the Tax Code and distort capital markets. It is not the place to discuss it today, but my Fair Flat Tax Act would give us a bipartisan opportunity to remove some of that clutter from the Tax Code. At least we can make a start at reform today by eliminating the special interest tax break for the oil industry which the companies say they don't need.  Our consumers already pay more at work, they pay more at home, and they pay more as they drive everywhere in between. Let's give them a break in their personal energy bills. We can give them a break by ensuring that those folks who are getting hammered with high energy bills at home won't have to subsidize profitable oil companies when they pay their taxes.  I urge my colleagues to support fiscal responsibility by supporting my motion to urge the conferees to support the Senate position, eliminate this special tax break for the major companies. This does not apply to the small companies. It doesn't apply to the independents. I have worked closely with Chairman Grassley and Senator Baucus to ensure that will be the case.  I hope we will be back in this Chamber for a more comprehensive discussion of the Tax Code and energy policy in the days ahead. My own sense is, in the last energy bill, we subsidized an awful lot of people to do the wrong thing. Getting a new energy policy is arguably the most red, white, and blue issue the Congress could possibly take up. I think about our soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan, these individuals who honor us every day with their courage and valor. I want to make sure their kids and grandkids are not off in the Middle East fighting a war and Congress is still dallying on oil.  This is a step in the right direction. I suspect other colleagues want to discuss this issue. I reserve the remainder of my time.  In fact, how much additional time do I have on this motion?  