President, again, just to complete that thought, there are ways that both sides in this end-of-life care debate can be brought together. I have mentioned several. What I think is clear, after the Terri Schiavo discussion, is that the American people don't want the Federal Government butting in, interfering, and preempting the ability of families and those in their last days to make these judgments. For the citizens of my State, the Death With Dignity Act has brought about improvement in many areas and encouraged conversations about a wide variety of end-of-life options. Those conversations probably wouldn't have even taken place if the people of my State hadn't voted for this twice. In my State, the end-of-life process has been decriminalized. Recognizing the deeply personal nature of this, the Federal Government should not decide again, as has been considered before, that this should be the province of the Federal Government and not left to individuals and families.  My State has chosen a unique path. Rather than the bitter and divisive debate over physician aid in dying--which this country would have, once again, if S. 3788 moved forward--I would offer that instead the Senate work together on a bipartisan basis to make the end of life a better period for all Americans.  So consistent with the policy I have held of publishing in the Congressional Record a statement whenever I put a hold on a piece of legislation, I am announcing today my intent to object to any unanimous consent agreement concerning S. 3788. The Senate should have learned during the debate over the tragic case of Terri Schiavo that the American people don't want the Government interfering during these very difficult days. S. 3788 would allow just this kind of interference, and that is why I will do everything I can to defend Oregon's law against this congressional overreaching and respect the message the American people sent during the Terri Schiavo debate that there ought to be a right to be left alone.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  