He has for a long time championed the needs of consumers. In the West, we understand the devastation gasoline prices have had on our consumers. And his case for a new energy policy, a red, white, and blue energy policy that makes us free of our dependence on foreign oil, is a case he has eloquently made, and made frequently. I want him to know how much I appreciate his leadership before he leaves the floor.  I want to start the discussion about the legislation which is before us now by acknowledging the enormous pain and hurt so many citizens of our Gulf States have endured since Katrina struck their communities. Pictures of this tragedy are seared into our minds at this point. In the Senate, I sit next to the distinguished Senator from Louisiana, Senator Landrieu. She has brought passion, energy, and eloquence to the cause of securing help for those she represents so well as folks in the Gulf States try and get on their feet.  My view is that the challenge for the Senate is to reconcile the need to help those folks hurting in the Gulf States with the urgent need for Congress to legislate fresh, bolder energy policies for our entire country. My understanding is the distinguished majority leader from Tennessee, Senator Frist, will not allow amendments to this legislation. If that is the case, my view is this legislation does not balance the need to help folks in the Gulf States with the urgent need to get that fresh red, white, and blue energy policy for our country's future.  Does the Senate truly believe more shouldn't be done to promote renewable energy? Does the Senate truly believe more shouldn't be done to promote automobile efficiency? Does the Senate truly believe more shouldn't be done to protect consumers from exploitive practices? Does the Senate truly believe taxpayer dollars should be used to subsidize oil companies even though the President, to his credit, has said subsidies aren't needed when the price of oil is over $55 a barrel?  If no amendments are allowed under this legislation, which is my understanding from the statement made by the distinguished majority leader, essentially what the Senate will be saying to the country is if we go off and drill in the gulf a bit, then the country can call it a day as far as getting a new energy policy. I don't think that is good enough.  I support responsible drilling in the gulf. We obviously need more energy production. By any realistic calculus, we know oil will be part of our future and we are going to need to encourage production in a responsible way. In the Senate Committee on Finance, again, working on a bipartisan basis, the Senator from Wyoming, the distinguished Senator who sits on the Committee on Finance, Senator Thomas, has some excellent ideas in terms of encouraging production, particularly getting more oil from existing wells. We do need more oil production. But drilling alone is not the new energy policy this country needs. It is more business as usual.  We have been down this road before. In the 1990s, for example, the Congress passed a royalty program that was supposed to stimulate energy production and be good for the Gulf States and for our country as a whole. What it has done is something very different than what was envisioned. In fact, the sponsor of that legislation, our respected colleague from the State of Louisiana, former Senator Johnston, has said the program, as it has developed, is nothing along the lines of what he envisioned.  The Government Accountability Office has said with the royalty program created in the 1990s when oil was about $19 a barrel--it is over $70 a barrel now--that program that was created in the 1990s is going to cost taxpayers a minimum of $20 billion and possibly as much as $80 billion.  That is the royalty program we have on the books now. As we start this discussion about setting up a new program, I want to make sure the Senate is up on how much money is being frittered away under the mismanaged program that is on the books today. One would think it is common sense to fix the old program before we start a new program. One would think it is common sense to take the savings generated by fixing the old program and applying those savings to paying for the new program before the Senate this afternoon. However, neither of those commonsense steps is being taken. A new program is being considered by the Senate today when Congress has not corrected the old program which even the oil companies acknowledge is not needed today, and even the sponsor, our former colleague, Senator Johnston, has indicated is not working.  I have talked with Chairman Domenici about this. Chairman Domenici has indicated he wants to fix this old program, this old, mismanaged program that has wasted so much of the taxpayers' scarce resources. We all know Chairman Domenici is a straight shooter and forthright and I have appreciated his discussions with me.  However, I don't think the oil companies are going to easily give up this multibillion dollar boondoggle, this sweetheart deal they have obtained. Time is not on the side of those who want to put a stop to the billions of dollars being needlessly dispensed under the 1990s program.  The legislation before the Senate now is one of the last opportunities the Senate will have to permanently fix the broken royalty program that began in the 1990s. Senator Kyl and I have been working in a bipartisan way to change this. There has been action in both the other body, the House, and in the Senate, in the Senate Committee on Appropriations where the distinguished senior Senator from California, Senator Feinstein, has done an excellent job of trying to advance the cause of stopping these subsidies, but my guess is the legislation the Senate has been able to at least start in the appropriations process may not even hit the floor of this body, and even if it does, the oil companies are very well positioned to run out the clock on the effort in this session of Congress to stop the needless subsidies that were granted in the 1990s.  For example, there is mediation now going on between the companies and the Government, but it is nonbinding, so the oil companies hold all the cards. The appropriations process, of course, only lasts for a year so the companies can run out the clock on that, as well.  Senator Kyl and I spent a lot of time in the Senate making the case for why this was a needless expense, particularly at a time when we have so many other needs in our country. That day, despite the fact I stood in this spot for almost 5 hours, we could not even get a vote on a measure to stop these subsidies that the General Accounting Office has calculated is at least $20 billion and possibly $80 billion.  Put me down as pretty skeptical that the oil companies are going to voluntarily give up these huge sums of money. As of now, in this session, one measure after another has failed in terms of potential steps that could protect the consumer. Let's review: The Federal Trade Commission, the agency that is supposed to protect the consumer and to deal with concentration and mergers in the oil industry, a big goose egg from the Federal Trade Commission. In fact, the chair, Deborah Majoras, has all but said that high prices are essentially good for the consumer because by her theory that will promote more energy production. That is a pretty astounding theory of consumer protection, but Senators can look it up. That is what she said before the Energy Committee.  The agency that regulates commodities? Zip, with respect to dealing with speculative practices, practices that contribute very significantly to the cost of oil. In fact, when oil company executives came before our committee--the distinguished Senator from Alaska will recall--one oil company executive said speculative practices are a big factor in driving up the cost of oil for our consumers. We have not seen anything to reign in those speculative practices.  How about stopping needless tax breaks? When the oil company executives came before the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, I went down the row and asked each one of the executives whether they needed all these tax breaks. They now have record profits, consumers have record prices, so I made the point, why in the world would you need record tax breaks? The executives, when they had to answer in broad daylight, said they did not need them. Ever since then, I have been trying to roll back some of those tax breaks. The President, to his credit, said tax breaks are not needed when the price of oil is over $55 a barrel, but we have taken only the most modest step. A tiny bit of the tax relief that the oil companies are getting has been rolled back under a proposal I made involving a drilling writeoff that the companies get.  So, Federal Trade Commission, zip; anti-speculative efforts, zip; tax breaks that are needless expenditures that the oil companies say they don't need, virtually nothing. So put me down as pretty skeptical given the fact that in each of those areas the Government has ducked taking on the oil companies. Put me down as pretty skeptical that somehow these oil companies are going to come to the table and walk away and leave behind $20 to $60 billion worth of breaks in royalty relief from the 1990s. I don't think it is going to happen. I hope it does.  Chairman Domenici is very sincere in his views, but given the track record in this Congress of the oil companies being able to escape any kind of effort at those various agencies I have outlined, I don't think the oil companies are going to voluntarily clean up a program in the 1990s that has been so mismanaged. My sense is it is going to be necessary to pass legislation in this Congress to force the companies to give up these needless subsidies.  There is a compromise with respect to how it could be done in a bipartisan way. It is a compromise that I and the distinguished Senator from Arizona, Senator Kyl, have been talking about. We actually proposed it to the distinguished chairman of the committee, Senator Domenici. I suggested what we might do is allow the negotiations between the companies and the Government under the 1990s royalty program to proceed for a bit longer. Possibly that will work. I am skeptical, but possibly it will.  But if those negotiations did not produce the savings for taxpayers and the cleansing of this old program that is so important, then we have to be tougher. After a period for negotiations, I would propose as part of a bipartisan compromise that the Senate then insist the companies get no new leases until the old program has been cleaned up. That would bring together some of the ideas advanced by the distinguished chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, Senator Domenici, and some of the ideas Senator Kyl and I and others have offered on a bipartisan basis.  We suggested that be done in this bill. We said: Here is an opportunity in this legislation to permanently fix the old program before you start a new one. We thought it was a chance to take two approaches Senators have been talking about and bringing them together and permanently fixing the program. I believe if the Senate does not do that, the clock is going to run down on the program, and I think, in all likelihood, the Senate, in the beginning of 2007, will be in much the same place it is today. I do not want to see that happen.  I think it is time for a fresh approach with respect to how our country makes energy policy. I think we need to be much bolder and much more creative. I have advanced ideas in this area; a number of Senators have. But we have seen precious little of that kind of bold thinking. What we have seen is essentially business as usual.  I hope colleagues will take a look at the analysis that has been done by the Senate Budget Committee of the impact of the legislation before us today. This is, of course, S. 3711. I asked the Democratic staff of the Senate Budget Committee to do an analysis of the impact of the bill before us today. Thelegislation before us now authorizes at least a 50-year commitment. The oil companies, in my view, under this legislation have been able to parlay the suffering of our citizens in the Gulf States into something that I believe could become an unaffordable gravy train.  What the Budget Committee staff found is that between 2017 and 2055, the U.S. Treasury and Federal taxpayers would be out almost $20 billion beyond what is already going out the door under the broken royalty relief program from the 1990s that I have described once again on the floor of the Senate. But beyond that, all bets are off. Lost revenues after that could be as much as $12 billion to $15 billion each year.  So I would ask the Senate: At a time when clearly folks in those Gulf States are hurting, and the Senate ought to step in and be of assistance to them, does it make sense to authorize a 50-year program that, particularly after the initial period, will involve additional sums, additional untold billions of dollars of revenues that could be lost?  The challenge for the Senate now, it seems to me, is, first and foremost, to get some amendments to this legislation. I hope the majority leader, the distinguished Senator from Tennessee, Mr. Frist, will change his mind. I hope the distinguished majority leader will allow amendments on automobile efficiency, on renewable energy, on protecting consumers from exploitive practices, and protecting taxpayers from needless subsidies. We would not be talking about hundreds of amendments. I think amendments in those four areas would provide an opportunity to strike a balance in this legislation to make sure that urgently needed help is directed to these Gulf States, that efforts are being made to get a new energy policy for our country.  It does not make any sense, to me, for the Senate to say: Let's go drill a bit in the Gulf--and pretty much call it a day. But that is what the legislation in its present form essentially says. It says: At a time when the country desperately needs a new energy policy, when people are clamoring for it at townhall meetings and in chambers of commerce and in virtually every other place a Senator goes, what we are going to say is nothing doing. We are going to say a bit of drilling in the Gulf will cover it, and a bit of drilling in the Gulf can take place, even though billions of dollars are being wasted under a program--a previous program--that was directed to the Gulf States from the 1990s.  I think the Senate can do better. I think the Senate can do better on a bipartisan basis. Senator Kyl and I are ready to propose what we believe could be a bipartisan initiative that would involve recommendations made by the chairman of the Energy Committee, Senator Domenici, ourselves, Senator Feinstein, and others. We think we could save a big chunk of money--billions and billions of dollars--that could be applied to the new program that is being considered by the Senate today.  That is the kind of bipartisan work the Senate should focus on. I look forward to the discussion and particularly hope the distinguished majority leader, Senator Frist, will change his mind. This subject is too important to bar Senators from offering meaningful amendments and allowing the Senate to get a more balanced energy policy and securing the needs of our citizens.  Madam President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  