President, in the midst of all the serious business that is before the Senate, I and my good friend from Oregon, Senator Smith, wanted to take a few minutes tonight and talk to the Senate about the great pride and joy that Oregonians are feeling tonight as a result of our terrific Oregon State Beavers who have won the college world series.  Showing incredible determination, they would not give up spirit. After losing their first games in both the tournament and in the championship series, the players at Oregon State and the coaching staff came back. They came back to be the first team since 1998 to lose their first game and go on to win the college title.  Senator Smith and I are especially proud because in this day of professional sports seeming to be part of every college environment, most of these players are from Oregon. They come from almost every nook and cranny of our State. They come from the Pacific Northwest, and they represent the best values of our State--particularly hard work and a sense that if you just stay at it and you are persistent, you can get the job done.  We want to salute all the players, and particularly three we are going to be losing--three star pitchers: Jonah Nickerson, Dallas Buck, and Kevin Gunderson. They are going on to play professional next season. But we are going to be back in that world series next year.  I get a chance, along with my colleague, to enjoy so much that makes our State special. We try to team up on a bipartisan basis on some issues. But we are particularly thrilled as Oregonians' two U.S. Senators to make sure that the country sees that when you work hard, you play by the rules, and you don't give up, nearly always good things happen.  Tonight, Oregonians are wearing the orange and black of the Beavers.  I want to yield the rest of my time to my friend and colleague because, as Oregonians' two U.S. Senators, we are savoring this moment along with more than 3 million people who represent our State. I yield the remainder of my time to my colleague.  