President, reclaiming the floor, what Senator Salazar and I are both saying is we do not want to be at the head of the line, but we want to have a place in the line, which is the custom of the Senate. The custom is that you have these debates, you have these discussions, and at some point the leadership on both sides gets together. I see the distinguished leader, Senator Reid, and Senator Durbin. What happens is they get together with Senator Frist and Senator McConnell after everybody has had a chance to discuss their amendments. Then at some point you get in the queue.  I have enormous respect for the distinguished Senator from Mississippi. That is why I called him a half hour before we even went in today, in an effort to try to work this out. He consistently says I want to be at the head of the line; I want special treatment.  I don't want to be at the head of the line, but I think at some point Senators ought to have a place in line. My amendment was offered late last night because I stayed here, again anticipating the possibility of this. So it was pending when we came in.  So Senators are very clear, I am interested in working out what Senator Salazar wants to do. I am interested in amendments being clustered as we traditionally have done in the Senate. What I am not willing to do is this: At a time of record profits, at a time of record costs, I am not willing to sit by while record amounts of royalty relief are handed out while all of the independent auditors say it ought to be stopped.  I have read to my colleagues, for example, that in the other body the chair of the natural resources committee, Congressman Pombo--hardly anti-oil, as our good friend, the chair of our Energy Committee, knows; Congressman Pombo has consistently been proproduction--Congressman Pombo says we don't need this incentive for production. Those are his words, you don't need an incentive for production at a time when oil is $70 a barrel.  Senator Dodd and Senator Dorgan have a variety of approaches they want to explore with respect to the Tax Code, and Senators will weigh in, one way or another. There is a trifecta of programs now. There are tax breaks, there is mandatory spending, and there is royalty relief, which is the granddaddy of all of these breaks. I do not see how we can justify sweetening this sugar-laden giveaway again and again and do it behind closed doors.  I have been out here I guess upwards of 4 hours. I sure wish this were not necessary. I would certainly like to do what Senator Salazar has been talking about, which is get an order for these amendments and all of us find a reasonable place in line. But I am not going to sit by while taxpayers get fleeced again. I am just not. I may lose when it comes time, if we can get one, to vote, but until then I am just going to hold forth.  We have colleagues here. Senator Dodd, for example, knew the author of the program very well. Senator Bennett Johnston was the author of the program. Senator Bennett Johnston has said nothing like what we have seen was what he intended.  There are no people arguing on behalf of doing business as usual, as I guess some in the Senate want to consider. But all of the independent experts--the lawyers for Shell oil company--again not the first place you look for anti-oil kinds of arguments--the lawyers for Shell oil company say you don't need this kind of break in this sort of climate. So you have Congressman Pombo, you have the folks from Shell oil company, you have the author of the program, Senator Bennett Johnston--all of them weighing in.  If the litigation that is now underway with respect to this program is successful, I would say to colleagues, the tab for this program could be $80 billion. The emergency supplemental is $100 billion. So over the life of this program, it could come to a very significant fraction of what we need to do in terms of the emergency spending. The distinguished chair of the committee is on his feet, and I am glad to recognize him for a question at this time, keeping my place here on the floor.  