We have the distinguished Senator from Tennessee in the chair. I have been talking to him for some weeks on an innovative approach we would like to explore. I want to do business in a bipartisan way. I think I was bipartisan, frankly, before it even became fashionable around here. But I am telling you this has to end. I am glad the Senator from New Mexico has brought up the point about how we got into the situation.  By the way, during the Clinton years when folks weren't watchdogging this program, as I say--the Senator from New Mexico knows a lot more about this than I do--the price of oil was $34 a barrel. We were talking about a price that was a fraction of the cost right now. So what you have is a program that was designed when the price of oil was $16 a barrel. The folks in the Clinton administration muffed the ball in the middle of 1990 when the price was $34 a barrel. Now the President of the United States comes along and says, to his credit, let's knock off the subsidiesat a time when the price of oil is more than $50 a barrel. That is what I am trying to do in this particular amendment.  This program made sense in the middle 1990s, when folks in the oil patch were hurting. Probably Senator Dodd remembers a bit of that history. Senator Johnston, whom we all respect so much, came to people in the Senate and talked about the need for the program. Folks in that part of the country were hurting, and the price of energy was very low. There was a good argument saying there was a role for Government.  I have sat in many hearings with the distinguished chairman of the Energy Committee where we talked about the notion that there is a role for the private sector, a role for Government. We want production. What I have done in my amendment is say--Senator Kyl and I got a little bit into this--not only are we going to put a lot of verbiage behind the notion that we are going to support production, what I said is, if there is any evidence this incentive is needed--the President says we will have a disruption of supply--if the price of oil goes down, bingo, the Government can get back into the royalty business. That is what we are trying to do here.  I recall that energy conference committee, I say to my friend from New Mexico. The decisions were made on this particular provision after midnight. I am not even completely sure how it came about. I don't believe I was even in the room. But this time, the Senate is going to take a position, if I have anything to say about it. As colleagues know, I have had plenty to say in the last 4\1/2\ hours. I very much want this worked out so we can get to the point of a vote.  Did the distinguished chairman want the floor?  