Certainly, some folks are being helped, and we are glad to see it. But in order to really make a prescription drug benefit work, we have to contain the costs of medicine. That iswhat Senator Snowe and I are trying to do. We are trying to do it by using marketplace forces, not Government but marketplace forces to hold down the cost of medicine.  A majority of the Senate is now on record as favoring this proposal. A majority of the Senate voted for it last fall before all the headaches and the frustrations that seniors have experienced. So in my view, the case is a lot stronger today than it even was last fall when a majority of the Senate voted for it.  I think that is the reason the American Association of Retired Persons has written to the Senate saying they are in support of the bipartisan Snowe-Wyden legislation. They have something they call their Rx Watchdog group. It is an effort by AARP--a very laudable effort--to monitor the cost of medicine. They report that the cost of medicine is going up twice the rate of inflation.  Of course, we know older people use more medicines than the rest of the population. It would be one thing if people were trying to go about doing this in an arbitrary kind of fashion, using a one-size-fits-all Government approach or price controls. That is not what the bipartisan Snowe-Wyden legislation does.  We want to be very clear, as we offer this legislation, that at line 13 and line 14 of this amendment, there is a statutory prohibition on price controls as an effort to hold down the cost of medicine.  Let me repeat that to the Senate. The bipartisan Snowe-Wyden legislation at line 13 and line 14 includes a bipartisan statutory ban on price setting as an effort to control the cost of medicine. This is about using marketplace forces to hold down the cost of these drugs that are clobbering our older people.  I don't see how anyone can oppose this amendment and, in fact, Secretary Tommy Thompson, the former Secretary of Health and Human Services, said in his last press conference that he just wished he had this authority. He wished he had the kind of authority that is in this amendment. It doesn't mean it is going to be used all the time, but it means it is a tool, an opportunity like we have every single day in the private sector of our economy to hold down the cost of medicine.  The way Medicare is going to go out and buy these prescription drugs reminds me of somebody going to COSTCO and buying one role of toilet paper at a time. Nobody would go shopping that way. Everybody who is in a position to do so exercises their marketplace clout, the opportunity to be a savvy shopper, the opportunity to say I am going to purchase a lot of something. I want to get my money's worth.  I just hope the Senate this time, when we have seen all the frustrations older people are having, uses this chance to do something about it.  We know lots of lobbyists are against this amendment. Last week we had a discussion on lobbying reform. I can tell colleagues in the Senate that probably the biggest trophy on a lobbyist's wall is to defeat the bipartisan Snowe-Wyden amendment, but that doesn't make it right. What we need to do is what is right for older people and at a time when millions of seniors are walking on an economic tightrope, balancing their food costs against their fuel costs, and their fuel costs against their medical bills, this is a chance to use marketplace forces to hold down the cost of medicine.  For older people, there are no costs going up like prescription drugs. Some are saying: We can get these cost savings without the Snowe-Wyden amendment. A lot of those people are the same ones who said that the rollout of the prescription drug program would go perfectly. We say that certainly has not been the case.  Now there is a chance to go home at this break and say you actually moved to do something important that older people are talking about at their kitchen table every single day, and that is the cost of medicine.  I don't know of any special interest group in this country that got the kind of sweetheart arrangement in this legislation that the pharmaceutical sector has. There is no other group in this country, no other group that got a specific carve-out so we couldn't use marketplace forces to hold down the cost of medicine. It is really staggering that one group was singled out to be immune from the forces of the marketplace.  Secretary Thompson thought it made no sense. It certainly makes no sense right now when older people are being clobbered by the cost of medicine and finding it hard to secure the benefits of this program. In fact, my sense is one of the reasons a lot of older people have been reluctant to sign up is they can't see any cost savings in the program.  Here is a chance to generate some real cost savings. That is why AARP indicated its support for the amendment. That is why Secretary Thompson said he wished he had the authority. That is why every timber company, steel company, and auto company in the country uses its marketplace clout to hold down the cost of medicine. Fifty-one Senators voted for it last fall before we saw all the older people have the problems they have had over the last couple of months.  I hope colleagues, on a bipartisan basis, will support this amendment. Senator Snowe and I have worked on this now for 3 years. We said we were going to work on it at the time the original legislation was voted on. AARP, like Senator Snowe, like myself, like Chairman Grassley, for whom I have enormous respect--we are all in support of the original legislation. I still have the welts on my back to show for my support for the legislation. But as AARP says, don't miss the opportunity to improve on this legislation which we can do by using marketplace forces.  I urge colleagues, particularly in light of some of what has been written, to take a look at line 13 and line 14 of the amendment which specifically prohibits the use of price controls under this amendment as a tool to hold down the cost of medicine.  Madam President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  