Speaker, the gentleman talks a lot about law enforcement, correctly so. We ought to honor those who protect us and who put their life and limb at risk daily to do so. We ought to honor them whether they are ICE agents, whether they are Border Patrol agents, whether they are DIA agents, whether they are members of the Armed Forces, whether they are members of the sheriff's departments or police departments in our various communities around the country. We ought to have compassion for those who are victims whom they are protecting and compassion for those whom we lose in the performance of their law enforcement duties.  There is not a Member of Congress who has been at more memorial services for law enforcement officers that we have lost through the centuries than I have, period.  Yesterday's vote was because of the patently political nature of the resolution that was offered. The majority leader says he wanted to offer a bill of one of our Members who suggested the elimination of ICE--small number. And that Member, apparently, according to the majority leader, told him: Look, I am going to vote ``no'' on that if you bring it to the floor, obviously trying to raise a point about wanting to stop the policies and practices--not the ICE agency, but the policies and practices of ripping, literally ripping children from the arms of their fathers and mothers and estranging them at places that neither knew where the other was.  The gentleman talks about the opioid epidemic being on the front page. It is there, and properly so, because it is a crisis, and we have dealt with it in a bipartisan way, which was correct to do so. We believed it was underfunded for some period of time. We have come up with some more funds. We are glad about that.  But he did not answer my question, and he distracted us from the focus. There was a bill, which we didn't like, because the bill had a lot of other stuff in it, which is why the Speaker said we ought to consider things discreetly, individually, one at a time. Don't confuse and obfuscate the issue.  So bring a bill to the floor that says that the policy that the President was pursuing, that he then changed--and the courts have now interjected themselves; we don't know for how long--to say that we ought not, that is not who we are as Americans, Mr. Speaker.  These 2- and 3- and 4-year-old children whom we see on the front pages of our paper, they are not MS-13. There is not a Member on this floor who will defend MS-13. There is not a Member on this floor who does not want to see the folks who gain some status by being an MS-13 caught, stopped, and taken out of our country if they are not citizens of this country, not a one of us. So that is a red herring dragged across this floor back and forth yesterday and today.  Mr. Speaker, you would think that we could say that America's values do not support taking children, small children, infant children. An instance was cited on the floor yesterday where a mother was nursing her child and that child was taken from her and the mother was put in handcuffs.  Is that America? Is that the compassionate country of which George Bush talked? Is it that bright and shining city on the hill of which Ronald Reagan spoke? I think not, Mr. Speaker.  Lastly, I know that flood insurance is going to expire July 31. I see the ranking member, Ms. Maxine Waters, on the floor. I know she has been working on this with Mr. Hensarling. Does the leader know whether or not that bill might be coming to the floor or some extension coming to the floor next week?  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  To answer his last question first, yes, we will extend flood insurance through November 30 as we continue to work through the other differences we have. We do not want flood insurance to lapse, and we will have that on the floor.  But the gentleman brought up a couple of other points. If I may, I come from a family of immigrants. I comefrom a family in which nobody was a Republican. I chose to be in this party based upon its philosophy.  If you come to my office, I have two Presidents' hanging portraits: Abraham Lincoln. The greatest challenge ever to this Nation was the Civil War. Abraham Lincoln was the first Republican President. And the other one is, the other reason why--both of those men--I chose to, and that was Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan did talk about that shining city on the hill. There was another President at the time, and I saw the difference, and I made my selection.  But the gentleman talks about the challenges with the rule of law, the challenges at the border. Nobody on this side wants children to be mistreated. That is why we dealt with the issue, and we brought it to the floor. There was an executive order that dealt with it.  But we moved two pieces of legislation dealing with immigration. Not one Democrat on the other side worked with us. Maybe there were problems. Maybe they disagreed with having greater security on the border, having a wall. I understand that, but maybe that is the difference.  But the question you brought forward was the bill on the floor yesterday. It had nothing negative in it. It had nothing about children. It talked about:  Do you support ICE?  Do you support the families of those six individuals who were murdered in the line of duty?  Do you support the stopping of drugs coming across the border?  Do you stand with those children who get exploited? Those ICE agents actually find them.  Do you stand with ICE when they stop those human traffickers, the modern-day slavery of today, and stop those people?  Well, we had an opportunity for that. I know this other side of the aisle and I know the new Democratic Socialist Party feels differently, probably feels differently than my friend. They want to abolish it. They never put a bill in to reform it. They said, ``Abolish it.''  If we were proposing a bill that said ``support it,'' I would allow your bill to come up as well so we could have a clear choice. But when you were given that offer, the author of the bill said, ``I would vote `no.' '' The people you asked to cosponsor, ``We vote `no,' '' makes me wonder.  But the most shocking part to me--I know we take tough votes on this floor. I know there are tough decisions to be made. But at the end of the day, you have to make a decision because that is why the American people sent you here.  I have never been in a debate, in a primary or a general, where they ask me: If a bill came to the floor, will I vote ``present''? I have never been asked that by my district. Republican or Democrat or Independent or Green Party: ``I want you to go to Washington. I want you to be on that floor. I want you to make a strong debate down in the well. And when you get the opportunity, you press that `present' button,'' never, never have I heard that and never would I have thought I would see that. I have never seen so much color on that board as I saw yesterday.  And if you truly felt your convictions of what you said, your own ``present'' vote made it pass, then go back to the individuals you talk to, go back to that new Socialist Party and tell them what you did, because I didn't see convictions yesterday. I saw you play politics.  Our issues are too important. People have lost their lives, and you vote ``present.'' Now, we have more work to be done. We take this job seriously.  Ronald Reagan talked about that shining city on the hill, about everybody rising up. This is the exact same debate we had when we wanted to pass tax reform. Not one person on the other side of the aisle could vote with it, but there are 1 million more Americans working today.  When I look at the last 49 years of America--because there are a lot of people in this Chamber who are younger than that--there has only been 7 months where unemployment has been below 4 percent. And do you realize that 2 of those months, you just lived through it in April and May? You have never seen the opportunity that you grasp for today.  And do you know what happens with that opportunity? More people want to come, and that is good for America. But we should come legally.  We know our system is broken, and I know my friend knows it, too, because we spent hours talking and trying to work something out. So, yes, we brought a bill to the floor, and we had a pretty good idea that probably it wouldn't pass. Why? Because nobody on the other side of the aisle wanted to step forward.  You know the process; it would go to the Senate. Maybe it is not just perfect, but I think this country is too important to vote ``present,'' and I am going to take risks and I am going to bring bills to the floor that take risks.  So I thank the gentleman for the question. But what I really ask--the election is still a ways away. Stop playing politics. Be a part. That voting card, I don't even know why we have a ``present'' button here.  We want quorum, let's just all say it. But the idea of something so important that people have lost their lives over, what do you think those families felt like today? What do you think those families felt like?  Or what do you think about that young child who got saved from being exploited or got put back to the family and saved?  What do you think about the drugs that didn't come through, the number of lives that continue to live today because of that?  Or what do you think about those men and women, a part of ICE, who question does this government even support them. And every day they risk their lives for that.  It is not a day to vote ``present.'' If you disagree, if you are part of the Socialist Party, stand up and take a stance. Let the American public know where you stand.  