Speaker, I thank Ms. Titus, and I thank the chairman for bringing the bill to the floor. I rise in strong support.  Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor every year that I have the opportunity to introduce this resolution and to support it on the floor.  I just heard the remarks of the gentlewoman from Nevada. I thank her very much for her support, and I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his remarks.  This is the 77th year our region's Soap Box Derby will be a fun and educational event that brings families together. It will be held on Saturday, June 16, as I am sure has already been said, and you will see soap box racers from ages 8 to 17 compete in three divisions: stock, super stock, and masters.  The winner from each one of these divisions, Mr. Speaker, will go on to compete at the national All-American Soap Box Derby, held each year in Akron, Ohio.  I was very proud of last year's winners from Maryland's Fifth District, 11-year-olds Ian Jameson in the stock class and Ryan Jameson in super stock. These twin brothers are from Hollywood, Maryland, the county in which I live, which is the most southern county in our State. They worked hard on their soap box racers, as did all the other young people who participated.  Ian Jameson went on to win fourth place at the All-American Soap Box Derby in Akron. Maryland's Fifth District has been home to several Greater Washington Soap Box Derby champions in recent years, including the winners from 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, and 2014.  Is there any doubt in any Member's mind why I am so supportive of the Soap Box Derby? We do very well in the derby. Our racers even won national championships in 2007 and 2008.  I feel confident that the Fifth District racers will continue to shine this year.  Soap box derbies have been called the greatest amateur racing event in the world. They have a long tradition in our country, and many Americans carry fond memories of building soap box racers with their parents or other relatives when they were young.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in strong support of this All-American activity that will happen right here on the Nation's Capitol Hill.  