 Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, I know he misspoke earlier on a couple of things, and I think he may have misspoken again. He made a comment. He said we are autocratic. He said we are the most closed. So I just want to go to facts.  This Congress has a 20-year high for bills enacted with bipartisan cosponsors, a 20-year high. Those are not my words. That is from Quorum, a company that only deals with data and measures all. So that means we are the most bipartisan Congress in more than 20 years.  Mr. Speaker, does the gentleman want to know something else, just on facts? He said we close everything. There have been over 1,650 amendments. 745 of those were Democratic amendments. So I looked back to Speaker Pelosi. She allowed less than 1,000 amendments in the entire 111th Congress.  So, I am sorry, those statements were not correct.  Now, we can have differences of opinion. He has a right to vote ``present.'' If he gets mad about it, he can get mad about it, but that is what the Record shows.  And he said because what were the resolved clauses. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman knows that bill was on suspension. The rules of suspension have a higher threshold to pass, but it also means there are no amendments.  If you want to be fair, instead of just the bill that was coming forward, I offered to bring a Democratic bill up that would abolish ICE.  So, for the American people to know, let's see what the resolved clauses say, because this made so many Democrats vote ``no'' or ``present.''       Resolved. That the House of Representatives expresses its      continued support for all United States Immigration and      Customs Enforcement, ICE, officers and personnel, who carry      out the important mission of ICE;       Denounces calls for the complete abolishment of ICE; and       Supports the efforts of all Federal agencies, State law      enforcement, and military personnel who bring law and order      to our Nation's borders.  That is what the resolved said. That is what moved the other side to vote ``present.'' That is what we voted on.  He may be upset. I am upset he voted ``present,'' too. But I don't know what in this clause drove all the Democrats here, because you know on suspension he helped it pass.  But is it because that announcement denounces calls for the complete abolishment of ICE, because that is the bill he put across the desk? If that is what he is asking for, he can stand with his convictions. Don't put a bill across the desk, cosponsor it, and then when he has something on the floor that is only positive, that is only standing with the people of ICE, say he has to vote ``present.'' I don't know where the courage is there.  