Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come, and I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy).  (Mr. McCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.  On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business.  On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today.  Next Tuesday, April 17, is also Tax Day. While this is a day Americans usually dread, I am pleased that this will be the last year they will have to file under the old and burdensome Tax Code. Because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, not only will filing be simpler, Americans will keep more of their hard-earned money, on top of the bonuses and increased wages we have already seen.  In addition, the House will vote on several important bills aimed at safeguarding all taxpayers next week.  First, there is H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children From Identity Theft Act, sponsored by Representative Carlos Curbelo. Studies have shown the rate of ID theft is actually 50 times higher among children than adults. This bipartisan bill would modernize fraud detection systems to prevent such theft from occurring in the first place.  Second, H.R. 5444, the Taxpayer First Act, sponsored by Representative Lynn Jenkins, which would improve the independent appeals process at the IRS, along with other crucial taxpayer services within the agency.  Lastly, H.R. 5445, the 21st Century IRS Act, sponsored by Representative  Mike Bishop. This bill would boost cybersecurity and other IT systems in the IRS to ensure the agency serves all taxpayers effectively and efficiently.  Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the House passing all these critical bills without delay.  