Speaker, I reclaim my time just to remind the majority leader of what I asked.  The majority leader likes to talk about what we did in the past. His party shut down the government, and he says I voted to shut down the government. That is absurd that he could cite a vote of mine against some sort of proposal that they put forward.  The question is: He refuses to put on a bipartisan, to give even the House the opportunity to consider a bill that is supported by 240 Members of this House. And, frankly, my perception--and I am not bad at counting, Mr. Speaker, which is why I am standing at this podium and why the majority leader is standing at his podium. We understand counting.  I dare him, Mr. Speaker, I dare him to put the Hurd-Aguilar bill on the floor, and I guarantee him it will get 240 votes. The people's House will be allowed to speak. But they are afraid to do that, Mr. Speaker.  All of this stuff about we had meetings in his office, we had meetings in his office and he knew, from the start, that the two things they were asking for were nonstarters. Very frankly, I have had discussions with the Secretary, who said: Well, we will just stick with border security and DACA.  But that is all in the past. What we are talking about is today. And what they did was shut down the people who wanted to vote on their option, on our option, and on two other options in this, the most transparent House that would take issues one by one and would face the tough issues head-on. While people are twisting in the wind and while children are being separated from their parents, ripped from the arms of their moms and their dads, we fiddle while Rome is burning, and we talk about shutting down government.  Their party shut down government a number of times since I have been here. They did it intentionally. And, very frankly, their Speaker and the head of the OMB voted ``no'' and to shut it down; they voted not to open it up.  That is not the issue, Mr. Speaker. The issue is: What are we going to do to solve a problem the President of the United States said we ought to solve?  Now, the President of the United States, of course, this morning, says: No, forget it. Go deal with it.  His tweet at 7:06 a.m. this morning: ``Republicans should stop wasting their time on immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November''--in other words, until we take over.  This President who said: Well, you know, I met with Kim Jong-un. He is loved by his people. And, boy, when he says stand up, his people stand up.  Perhaps, that is what he wants us to do, Mr. Speaker, but we are not North Korea. We are a democracy, and, very frankly, they don't have the courage, Mr. Speaker, to bring bills to the floor and allow this House to work its will. What they do is they negotiate with themselves and bring bills to the floor, neither of which would have passed yesterday.  After all of their compromise, after all of their talk, and after all of their commitments to solve the problem, neither one of their bills would have passed yesterday. They have 240-plus Members. They don't need us, but they took the bill off the floor because they couldn't get their own party to come to agreement.  So, Mr. Speaker, my question is, and I will reiterate my question: What changes are going to be effected in the bill that would have been considered yesterday, had it not been pulled from the floor, that we will have to consider next week?  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend.    Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, I just asked the gentleman if he would allow me the opportunity to answer questions.  