Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, we are now 4 months into the fiscal year and this is our fourth continuing resolution. The gentleman says now is the time to work things out. Every Democrat voted to extend the fiscal year by 90 days. Nothing was worked out. Why? Because you spent all your time on a tax bill giving 83 percent of the resources to the richest people in America.  Republicans control all the levers of the legislative process: the House, the Senate, the White House. They have the votes on their own to keep the government open or choose to shut it down, as they did by policy some years ago for 16 days.  We don't want to shut down the government. Keeping the government open by passing appropriations bills is the most basic responsibility of any governing majority. This governing majority has not sent a single--not one--appropriation bill to the President of the United States, not one.  Republicans ought to have gotten this work done in the spring and summer, but they wasted their time trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act. That is all they did.  After failing to do so, they asked for more time in September, and we voted, every one of us, to give them that time. They squandered it. They had to do two more extensions. They squandered that time, and now they want us to have another time where they can squander more time.  Instead of using the extra time to do the job of governing, they wasted it on passing a tax overhaul that added $1.5 trillion in new deficit spending and raised taxes on the middle class. So here we are again, Mr. Speaker.  Americans are right to be frustrated by the inability or unwillingness of the Republican-led Congress to do its job and keep the government open.  You have 241 votes. Get them. Get them. You have the authority to do it, and you have the responsibility to do it. Get the votes.  Even some Republican lawmakers are openly expressing frustration with their own leadership. Let me quote Representative Mark Meadows. He hit the nail on the head yesterday when he asked: ``What's the plan? When are we going to deal with immigration?''  The previous speaker talked about dealing with it. We haven't dealt with it. Put something on the floor. You haven't done it.  ``When are we going to deal with spending?'' This is Mark Meadows. ``At what point do you quit kicking the can down the road''--this is Mark Meadows, Republican, not me--``and passing just another continuing resolution in hopes that things get better in a few weeks?''  Democrats don't want the government to shut down.  