Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that information.  Today, both Chambers have passed the CR that takes us to February 8. That leaves 17 calendar days. I was going to say it did 6\1/2\ legislative days, but the gentleman has now given up probably half a day, as I understand it, which is Wednesday of the retreat. So, essentially, Mr. Speaker, we have 6 days between now and February 8 in which we will be in session. That makes it incumbent upon us that we come together, cooperate with one another, compromise, and send legislation from here to the Senate that the Senate can agree to.  I want to say, I did not know the gentleman was going to mention that, but I want to see the Defense Department fully funded. But I also want to see fully funded departments that take care of the health of our people, the education of our children, domestic law enforcement, and relations between ourselves and the rest of the world in the State Department, and so many other agencies of government that are in the nondefense part of the budget.  Mr. Speaker, I would tell my friend that I would hope we would come to an agreement very, very shortly on the overall spending levels so that we can pass both defense and nondefense priority issues. And I would say to my friend, all we are asking for in that context, as the gentleman knows, is what we have done over the last 4 years as a result of agreements between Speaker Ryan and Senator Murray, so I would hope that we can proceed on that.  Secondly, and there is so much to bring up, but the second thing I want to mention is, clearly, one of the issues that we have been so concerned about has been how we are going to treat the DREAMers in our country. As the gentleman knows my view, based upon polls that I have read, 85 percent of Americans essentially agree that we ought not send those young people, for the most part, out of the country away from their home to places they do not know, particularly when they are making such a positive contribution to our country.  Now, while I said there were some 5\1/2\ days left between now and the 8th, there are 10\1/2\ days--actually, I guess, now, 9\1/2\ days in which to deal with the issue of the DREAMers.  The gentleman and I, Senator Cornyn, and Senator Durbin have been working. I look forward to working on that, and I hope that we work on it every calendar day that we have available--we won't be in session, but we will work on that--so we can, in fact, come to an agreement so that those young people who the American people think ought to stay here and continue to be productive citizens, contributing individuals to our country, would be allowed to stay here, given a path to citizenship. I would hope that we could work toward that end.  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I can't agree with him more. This body has passed all 12 appropriation bills. We do need a budget agreement. And we make progress; once we get that budget agreement, I firmly believe we can fund the rest of this year andnext year going forward in what we actually need to get our jobs done.  The gentleman is correct, we have met numerous times. I thought they have been very productive meetings dealing with DACA. We have narrowed the scope to four areas.  I am excited to have the government back open. It also means we can be back at the table to solve this problem. I know we have a short time period. We have got a week left after the CR that we just passed, but I believe, working together, we can get this done.  