Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come.  I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy), the majority leader.  (Mr. McCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and at 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today. All of these bills will be focusing on one thing: fighting our Nation's opioid epidemic.  America has the greatest mission statement in the world: form a more perfect Union. This is our task here.  I am encouraged by all of the good things I am seeing around the country. We have 6.7 million jobs open. We have just created our millionth job since the tax cut has been passed. Unemployment is tying a 50-year low. In fact, Mr. Speaker, in the last 49 years, there has only been 7 months where unemployment has been below 4 percent, and two of those months were April and May that we just went through.  Americans' net worth has increased to $100 trillion. That is $7 trillion since the election, the highest we have ever seen. We also just passed last night, Mr. Speaker, the largest rescission package in the history of Congress.  But I also know that it is our responsibility to work every day to make our Nation even stronger. So, Mr. Speaker, we are in the middle of the deadliest drug crisis in history. For the first time, drug overdoses are now the leading cause of death for Americans under the age of 50. 174 of our friends and family, our neighbors, are lost every day to substance abuse. Simply put, we need all hands on deck to attack this crisis.  That is why we will bring over 60 bills from eight different committees to the floor in the coming weeks to combat this crisis and save lives. This includes:  H.R. 5788, the Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act, sponsored by Representative  Mike Bishop. This bill will close loopholes in international shipping to stop the flow of synthetic opioids;  Next, H.R. 5735, the THRIVE Act, sponsored by Representative  Andy Barr, which would establish a pilot program for evidence-based transitional housing nonprofits that have experience in recovery and skills training;  H.R. 2851, the Stop Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act, sponsored by Representative  John Katko. This bill will enable law enforcement to more swiftly respond to synthetic drugs and keep our communities safe.  Along with numerous other bills, passing these will truly help us form a more perfect Union.  Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate my friend across the aisle. We are no strangers to droughts in California, but a 44-year championship drought is quite something. So congrats to my friend's beloved Washington Capitals on finally winning Lord Stanley's cup. It was a fun series to watch. It was a well-deserved victory for your team and for all of the fans of this region.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  