 I voted for all of them, either by voice vote or by card. They were bills that we all agreed with.  But more closed rules on this floor, including today's bill that we passed, than any Congress in recent memory.  My question to the majority leader was: Will he bring to the floor a free-standing bill which provides that children will not be separated from their parents--which John McCain says is inconsistent with the decency of the American people--so that we can vote on that proposition and that proposition only. The majority leader has not answered that question.  He talks about voting ``present,'' which he didn't like. I am sorry he didn't like it, but I would vote ``present'' again to express my opposition, the only way it was possible to do, because, unlike his characterization, I did not want to say to ICE agents, ``I do not respect you.'' Therefore, I did not want to vote against a resolution, the resolved clause of which I agreed with.  But it didn't deal with the most critical issue. It could have--it didn't--and it is nonbinding. To argue about that is to dissemble about the question that I asked.  I am prepared to end this because I don't think we are going anywhere. I don't think I am going to get an answer from the majority leader, and I don't think he will bring it to the floor, free-standing, any more than he will bring a comprehensive immigration reform bill, which is so necessary to this country, to the floor, no more than he will bring a Dreamers protection act to this floor.  He is gesticulating, Mr. Speaker, as if: What do you mean by that?  He brought a bill to the floor that he said solved the problem that 113 of his Members voted against. It got over 300 votes against. That is not a viable option to bring to the floor. He knew it was going to fail. He knew it was another message bill.  So I asked him: Will he bring that bill to the floor individually, discretely, to protect these children, or not? I haven't gotten an answer to that.  The second thing I asked him, which he did answer, is that we are going to bring a bill to the floor, apparently, hopefully, to protect those who live in flood zones and who are going to have trouble getting flood insurance on August 1. He says he will bring that to the floor.  Now, I am prepared to close and to yield back the balance of my time.  Mr. McCARTHY. Will the gentleman yield?  