Speaker. I heard it in 1981.We passed a massive tax cut. The debt increased over the next 7 years 187 percent. That was Ronald Reagan's tax cut. And, frankly, Bob Dole helped raise some revenues to offset that, which is why it was only a 187 percent increase in the debt during the Ronald Reagan years.  I heard that argument in 2001 and 2003: We are going to grow the economy. We are going to have extraordinary growth, creation of jobs, and revenues that will come to the Federal Government as a result of cutting taxes.  And what happened? Six years later, we had the deepest recession we have had since Herbert Hoover. Nobody in this House is over 90 and, therefore, didn't experience the depth of that recession. The recession that we experienced in December of 2007, when you thought those tax cuts that the gentleman talked about would have grown the economy, just as he talked about, he has got a problem in that CBO says it doesn't grow the economy. In fact, it creates $14 trillion of new debt. That is what CBO says, not Steny Hoyer, not the Democrats. That is $14 trillion--with a T, Mr. Speaker--in new debt that our children and grandchildren will be confronted with.  So what do the Republicans do? They had to say, let's balance the budget. Now, balancing the budget means you pay for what you buy. Yes, I am for that.  Very frankly, if you buy an aircraft carrier, I think you can amortize that over 40 years. Why? Like a house, you will use it for 40 years and my grandchildren will get use of that aircraft carrier to defend themselves and our country.  As I am sure the majority leader knows, there are few Members of this Congress who have been any more consistently supportive of the Armed Forces than this Member. I supported much of Ronald Reagan's follow-on to what Jimmy Carter started, and that was building up our military strength so the country would be secure.  And I continue to be a strong supporter of the military. We need to keep America strong. The gentleman's party, of course, contrary to the almost unanimous--I think unanimous, but I will say almost unanimous--desire that we repeal the sequester over the last 8 years, your party, I tell the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, wanted to keep the sequester, and did keep the sequester, and we could have done away with the sequester, except they crossed their fingers. They crossed their fingers and said: We will keep the sequester, but Speaker Ryan will make a deal with Senator Murray so that we don't have to live its effects. And we passed those Ryan-Murray deals. And there was not an attempt to reverse that course.  So the sequester argument, Mr. Speaker, is an argument of constraint imposed by the majority party; not by us. We had urged that the sequester be rescinded. And, in fact, we supported the Ryan-Murray agreement. As a matter of fact, I didn't support the first Ryan-Murray agreement. I didn't support it because I thought it was a facade, and it turned out to be, I think, pretty meaningless in terms of what the agreement was.  So we haven't grown the economy. As a matter of fact, we had the worst economy any of us have seen under the Bush fiscal policy supported by my Republican friends. I didn't support that.  CBO says this bill will not grow the economy, but this bill will create substantial debt. I asked the gentleman a question that I want to go back to. And that is: Does the gentleman expect us to have a budget this month?  Before I do that, let me say, the gentleman says--and it was a good strategy--that they passed 12 appropriations bills. They packaged them in two packages. They didn't consider them individually, but two packages. They sent them to the Senate, and they were partisan bills.  Mr. McConnell, the majority leader, did not bring them to the floor. Now, he may say he didn't bring them to the floor because the minority wouldn't agree with them, but he could have brought them to the floor. He didn't want to subject them to amendments and discussion.  Or, they would have had a vote and our people wouldn't have voted to bring them to the floor and he could have pointed to that vote.  So I ask my friend one more time: Do we expect to have a budget here in April when it is due or soon thereafter? And if so, will that budget be balanced? I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I apologize, you did ask me that the last time. I got caught up, and I forgot the other stuff. The President has sent a budget. The Budget Committee is reviewing it. I think you will see one coming after they review it.  But the one thing I do want to bring up, let's not repeat the same things we have gone through. We are living under the Budget Act of 1974. I think the world has changed since then. Why don't we modernize the Budget Act? We put that in that last bill. The bipartisan working group, I would say that should be our top priority. Let's not repeat the same mistakes, and let's not constrain ourselves if we really want to tackle this deficit.  I am hopeful you will work with us on that. But you said a few things that are interesting. You support the military, and I don't doubt that. But you voted against the military funding that was on the floor. When you talked about that omnibus that you wanted a lot of trust because everybody worked so closely together on and you are really afraid about the rescissions coming back that can take money back that wasn't even in the omnibus--a trust that that could break that you voted against--you said, but, of course, the Republicans wanted the military. And you said, we increased it by 10 or so, even though it has been cut by more than 20. You said, but, of course, we wanted to fund other things. I thought you said education.  