Speaker, as he points out, these discussions are not just about the schedule for the short term. They are about, however, a schedule as to what policies we are going to address, when we are going to address them, and how we are going to address them.  In that context, Mr. Speaker, the majority leader was, I think, rightfully proud of the fact that the committee had reported out all 12 appropriations bills by the August break, and we had passed seven of those appropriations bills on the floor and sent them to the Senate.  Sadly, however, Mr. Speaker, we are now 12 days before Christmas. There was a meeting at the White House about 48 hours ago, at which time there was a debate or discussion on TV, which the American people saw, and the President of the United States said: ``I will shut down the government, absolutely.'' And then he said: ``I am proud to shut down the government.''  Mr. Speaker, shutting down the government is stupid. Shutting down the government is costly. Shutting down the government creates great uncertainty, not only among those who workfor the Federal Government, but everybody who relies on the daily activities of the Federal Government.  We should not shut down the government. My side Mr. Speaker, has offered to the President of the United States, and to all of us, two alternatives. One is that we pass a CR for the balance of the year for all bills. We don't like that alternative, but at least it will provide some certainty for the next 8\1/2\ months until September 30.  The second alternative, which I think is the much better alternative, and it comports with the leader's justifiable pride with dealing with the appropriation bills on this side--as I understand, there is only one disagreement of major proportion, and that is whether we build a wall. We think that is bad policy. The President thinks it is good policy. We are having an argument about that, and we don't agree. The Republicans control the House and they control the Senate. They could pass it. They haven't passed it. But we don't control that. That is out of our hands.  And our suggestion was we have agreed on five of the bills that have been signed into law. About 76 percent of the government's discretionary funding has already been passed. We have about 25 percent left. That 25 percent is in seven bills. One is the Department of Homeland Security. It is clear that we do not have agreement on the Homeland Security appropriation bills, but on six, it is my understanding, Mr. Leader and Mr. Speaker, that we do have agreement, that the two appropriations committees have worked together, the leaders have worked together, and that we have agreement on those six bills.  So our second alternative, the much preferred alternative is to pass those six bills as they have been agreed to, funding those agencies to which those bills apply between now and September 30, the end of the fiscal year, and do a CR for the balance of the year for Homeland Security, or, alternatively, do a CR on Homeland Security at some date next year. Neither of those alternatives apparently has been pursued by the majority party, Mr. Speaker, and the President, as I just quoted, says: ``I am proud to shut down the government.''  Mr. Speaker, the leader has said he doesn't want to shut down government. The whip has said he doesn't want to shut down government. The minority leader in the Senate has said he doesn't want to shut down government. We don't want to shut down government.  But we are at an impasse just about one issue, and we suggest we agree with 95 percent. Wouldn't that make sense for the American people, for us to pass the 95 percent on which we have reached agreement after hard work all year? And on that which we can't agree, agree that we can't agree and fight that another day?  But here we are, 12 days before Christmas. And I would ask the majority leader: Do we have a plan? Mr. Leader, do we have a plan to fund the government on or before the 21st of this month so that we can do what all of us say we want to do, and, that is, keep the government operating on behalf of the American people?  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend, the majority leader.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for the question. I also thank my friend for coming back to where he originally was years ago. Earlier in this Congress, it was not his belief that shutting the government down was bad, and I am thankful that he learned that lesson, because I didn't think it was helpful when he shut the government down over immigration last time. Nobody did. America didn't, and we had to put it back to work.  Now, my friend is correct that we have enacted 75 percent of the discretionary budget into law already. I think all Members should take pride in that, even if one side voted ``no'' the majority of times. That is because that is better than any Congress has been able to do in nearly 25 years. So, obviously, 25 percent remains.  My friend is correct, there are 12 days left. We did not want to be here with 12 days left. Unfortunately, we had the passing of President Bush.  Now, President Bush--there is a legacy to lead. He found a way to find compromise. My friend on the other side says there is six of the seven we agree with, but I can't compromise on the seventh. He says that the American public wants to make sure it stays open. Yeah, we do, too. The American public also wants to make sure we are safe.  So I think, in the spirit of the season, of the time, we should come to an agreement, knowing that neither side will get everything that they want. One side wants nothing to happen. The other side wants a certain number. I think we can find common ground. I think we could get it all done next week, and it is really my intention and belief that we will have that vote on this floor, that we can find common ground, keep the government open--I am very thankful that he believes in that again, as we do, and that we finish the job the American public asks for. And when we finish that job, America is stronger, safer, and on a footing to make sure we continue to lead for the 21st century.  