It got out of committee; you didn't bring it to the floor. We haven't had a vote on it, so there is no consensus on that part of it.  So, Mr. Speaker, let's pass those six bills. Let's have a plan that will work to preclude shutting down the people's government. I hope we can do that. I hope we can do it, come back Wednesday night, and I hope, Mr. Leader, you have a plan between now and Wednesday night to get us to the place where we can do what we have agreed upon, and agreed not to agree on something that we can't agree on, or pass it and send it to the President.  Mr. Speaker, I hope we can do that. That is our responsibility. That is our duty, the duty to have a plan of how to make sure that government continues to operate, and a plan as to how we can have our Members and their families celebrate one of the highest holy days in Christendom.  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. I appreciate my friend's comment. I appreciate that he told us that people on his side of the aisle want to have border security.  Then why don't we do the job? Why would we finish a year to settle for mediocrity?  My friend also said that he had passed all the appropriations bills, but they never were enacted into law. The most ever done in the last 25 years is what we did this Congress, because of the Senate and the 60 votes. That is why you had Leader Schumer over there at the same time, because Democrats control whether we keep this government open or shut down. They have shown that power before, just as they have done earlier in this Congress.  Now, my friend knows that he wants this country protected. I agree with him 100 percent. I do not challenge his belief on the protection of this country.  I hope my friend also knows that, on that border, they catch, on average, 10 known terrorists a day.  Homeland security is not like any other appropriations. It is not one we just set aside because we disagree with it. This country has known the damage of setting something aside and not paying attention to the warning signs. I think we are better than that.  Yeah, it might be uncomfortable. We might have to work a little harder. We are going to stay here a little later than we all planned to be, but there were other circumstances that caused that.  I think let's do all seven. Let's get them all done. Let's end on a high note. And it will probably make your job a little easier in the next Congress as well. You won't have to worry about it.  But, in doing so, I think we are both going to have to do something. We are both going to have to look the American public in the eye, and we both made our arguments of what we wanted. But we are going to have to accept that you and I are not going to get 100 percent of what we want.  I will make this pledge to you right now: I am willing to find some common ground. What that means is, the common ground is, we don't leave until we get this done.  Now, your vote has been funding the wall. You voted for that before. I don't know if you have changed your position on that now. But what we are asking for is border security. That means more than just that.  I think there is a window, and I think the American public expects it to get done. I would hate to leave and go home and say, oh, I finished the majority of everything, but that homeland security, that one that keeps our constituents safe, that one that looks around for whatever can happen to us in any part of this country, in so many places, we just did what we did last year.  You know that harms the agency. You know that holds them back. And I can't look at somebody's face that maybe loses a loved one because something happens in the future because I wanted to leave, because I couldn't find compromise.  Mr. Speaker, I will make that promise. I will find common ground, and I will take as long as it does inside any room to make that happen, that we do not leave this Congress without funding all and making sure homeland is not living under the same rules that they had before. When they know it is a changing society, it is also a changing place for those who want to do us harm.  What a CR does is locks them in these continuing resolutions that they can't do something new, when they have found that new technology to protect us throughout the homeland.  So I want to find common ground. I want to protect America. I want to make us safer, and I want to make us stronger. And I make that commitment to you, sir, that we can get it done.  