                             {time}  1130  Mr. Speaker, we passed all 12 bills. We sent them to the Senate. Unfortunately, we didn't get them all done.  But the fact of the matter is, this is a process called the legislative process, and I just talked at the outset about compromise and working together. We have six of those bills. It so happens we now package everything, and maybe we are going to do that in the future. But the fact of the matter is, we have agreement on six of the seven bills that remain to be signed by the President of the United States.  The way this process works is, you have agreement on six separate bills. These are not the homeland security. That is where we have a disagreement. I understand that. We cannot pass homeland security right now. But we have agreement on six bills.  Why shouldn't the plan be: We have agreement, in a bipartisan fashion; we can fund those six agencies. There will be no drama, and we will send it. Then we can do a CR on the homeland security, and we can argue about the wall.  We can have hearings on the wall. We can have experts come here and say to them: How do we make sure America is secure? Because every Democrat wants to make sure the borders are secure, every Democrat. We want the border secure.  There is a substantive disagreement. By the way, there are Republicans who disagree with the wall, as the gentleman surely knows, that it is not the best way to secure the border.  By the way, I don't know why we need money for it. The Mexicans surely are going to pay for the wall. That is what the President said. The Mexicans were going to pay for the wall. Now he wants $5 billion to pay for technology we don't think works. So, as a result, we are holding hostage the six bills on which we have agreement.  How frustrated the American people must be when they say: You know, they agree on six-sevenths of the bills, and they won't take yes for an answer.  The response is: ``I am proud to shut down the government.''  Mr. Leader, I would hope that we could send those six bills on which we have agreement. After hard work inthe Appropriations subcommittees, in the Appropriations Committee, both in the House and the Senate, and in communications between the two bodies, they have reached agreement. We ought to be happy about that. We ought to celebrate that. And we ought to send them to the President. There is no indication he would not sign those bills, as far as I know.  Then, yes, we have a disagreement, and the American people have come here to have us debate that, have hearings on that, see what experts say on that. Frankly, if the wall is what your side wants, then I say to the leader, put a bill on the floor Wednesday night and pass the wall. You haven't done that.  Mr. McCARTHY. You said Wednesday.  