Speaker, reclaiming my time, we didn't vote for it because we didn't like the bills. But the gentleman is in charge, and he has 240 Members. All he needed was 218.  We didn't like his bill, so we did what we do when we don't like bills: we vote against them. But he has 240 people still on his side of the aisle, and he couldn't pass his bill because so many of his Members didn't like it. That is why his bill didn't pass.  Mr. Speaker, what is the gentleman's plan, however, between now and 6:30 p.m. on Wednesday to get us off this dime that we are stuck on and have been stuck on now for almost the entire year, 12 days from Christmas?  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, he doesn't want to work with us. I guess the plan is to go back to what the motto of the gentleman had been earlier in this Congress.  The gentleman says it is hard to pass bills here. What is interesting, in that same Quorum study, more bills have passed this House and this Congress than any in modern history. So, yes, we pass bills. We even do it when the gentleman's side tries to hold back.  So when the children were worried about their health insurance and he held back, we did not. When we worried about growing the economy, when he held back, we did not. When he worried about trying to shut the government down, we kept moving forward.  When we wanted to solve the immigration problem, yes, we had two different bills; yes, it takes 218; and, yes, we had more than the 225 votes on either of those bills--you just had 218 on one. But there wasn't one on the other side, even though there were people on the other side of the aisle who would come to me and tell me they wanted tovote for these bills but their own leadership twisted their arms and said they could not.  Now, yes, were there struggles at times and do we have different factions within the Conference? Yes, we do. But if I were the gentleman, I would watch my words, because I am going to look forward to seeing how well he does with the new faction coming in on his side.  