Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments.  The issue is, of course, not oversight. We believe that there ought to be oversight.  The gentleman is correct, I voted ``no.'' The gentleman voted ``yes.'' Many of his colleagues voted ``no'' with me. Many of his colleagues are wringing their hands now and saying too much money was spent.  But this was an agreement that was brought to the floor by the majority. This was an agreement that was negotiated by the majority. We didn't have the authority to put the bill on the floor or not put the bill on the floor.  And it was an agreement. As I say, Mr. Speaker, it was a tough agreement. I didn't particularly like the agreement, but it was an agreement, and that is why I voted ``no.''  But the fact of the matter is that the majority of this House voted ``yes,'' and the majority of the Senate voted ``yes,'' and they voted ``yes'' as the result of an agreement.  And, yes, of course, there have been rescissions in the past; and although I don't know what the rescissions are, there may well be a rescission that I might support. The gentleman is correct. I wouldn't irrationally oppose a rescission which said we have had money lying in an account that has not been spent for 1, 2, 3 years. We shouldn't just have it sitting in that account. The gentleman is absolutely correct.  But very frankly, in my view, Mr. Speaker, this is to, in effect, negate an agreement that was reached and to, in effect, say, no, we really don't want to spend that money. That may be correct, but the majority of the Republicans in this House voted for it.  Nobody said: We are going to vote for it, but days later we are going to come back and say we don't want this, we don't want that, and we don't want the other.  And we think it is a little bit like what we did yesterday, where the majority has offered a tax bill which cuts $1.8 trillion in revenue. I made the point yesterday that it was a little bit like a businessman that has a product to sell. The product costs him $10 to produce, and he charges $7 when he sells it. That businessman does not stay in business very long.  But the Republicans do it the opposite way. They cut the revenues, they create debt, and they vote for more spending. And their constituents seem to be upset about that. I don't blame them.  Therefore, we had a balanced budget amendment offered yesterday, which, of course, did not comport at all with what our Republican friends, Mr. Speaker, have done over the last year, and, very frankly, in my view, over the last decades when they were in power to do so, which is why we have this extraordinary debt and why CBO has just come down and said, as a result of those bills, we are going to create $14 trillion in new debt over the next 10 years, which my kids and your kids and our grandchildren are going to have to pay.  I want to make it very clear that I think we need a serious, disciplined discussion on getting a handle on this deficit. Part of that discussion needs to be revenues.  Very frankly, Mr. Speaker, I believe, on their side of the aisle, they want to spend a lot of money. They want to spend it on defense. We increased defense by over 10, 12 percent this year.  Now, very frankly, what was being spent on defense was as a result of Republican budgets over the last number of years, so that it is hard for me to believe that they would vote for budgets and appropriation bills that they thought were undermining defense.  But, in any event, we increased that substantially. And, yes, we increased spending on education, on healthcare--opioids, in particular--other items on emergency relief. The leader and I visited Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, Texas, Florida. They needed assistance, and we passed that as well. But, very frankly, we didn't pay for any of it.  We hear about spending. Whatever the spending level is, we ought to pay for it. That would be my position. And if we want to spend the money, we ought to pay for it.  Now, however, I hope these rescissions do not set a precedent whereby future negotiations will be put at great risk, because at least one party will not trust that the negotiations are real.  When Ryan-Murray was agreed to by Speaker Ryan and by Senator Murray, shortly after that agreement was reached as to what spending levels would be, some of my Republican colleagues came back and said: Oh, well, they are ceilings.  It is like my bargaining to buy a house for $100,000, and then I come back at the settlement table and say: Well, I am really going to pay $75,000. $100,000 was just a ceiling on what I was going to pay for that house.  That doesn't make any sense, and nobody would think it makes any sense.  So I will tell my friend, the majority leader, I hope that the rescissions are based upon the sort of example that he gave, and, therefore, it may receive some support. But if they are simply to reverse hard-bargained results, then Ithink that will put at risk any kind of bipartisan negotiations that might occur in the future.  Very frankly, the budget--and I am going to ask the gentleman about the budget now--is supposed to come down pretty soon. As a matter of fact, it is supposed to be reported out of the Budget Committee by now. It is supposed to be passed by the Congress by April 15 or 17, depending upon which date you use, but sometime this month.  Does the majority leader have any reason to believe that we are going to pass, over the next 2 weeks, a budget--and send it to the Senate--that is balanced?  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  If I first may answer the other questions the gentleman raised.  First of all, when he talks about trust, everybody should know what happens when you get to an omni and why. We had an omni not because of this House. We had an omni not because of this majority. We passed all 12 appropriation bills. The last time that was done by a Republican majority, the iPhone wasn't invented.  We sent it to the Senate, and do you know the sad part? The last time when we sent it to the Senate, maybe they debated the bills and the bills failed--no. And it wasn't the majority on the other side in the Senate. It was my friend's party on the other side that wouldn't even allow it to come to debate.  Now my friend talks about being very concerned because they spent a lot of time negotiating. You see, I don't really care for omnis. I would never want to see another one on the floor. That is why we did our job.  But when it comes to an omni, the minority has power. They could say: No. This can't be in it.  And they kind of finally came to an agreement. And when they did, my friend on the other side said: I am worried about trust, so I am voting against it after all these negotiations.  And then he brings up: Oh, my God. The Republicans. They spent money on the military.  Sequester has cut more than 20 percent from the military. You can look back just the last 2 weeks. How many of our men and women died not in combat, but in training? How many planes of ours can actually fly today?  I will tell you this: The world is not 20 percent safer while the military has been cut.  As we speak today, our Navy is sailing. As we speak today, we are concerned about what is going to happen with Iran. We are concerned: What is North Korea going to do? And where is Putin on the march?  So, yes, I am proud of funding the military. That is why we did it.  Did you want to put the other? No. We are held hostage because the minority in the other Chamber decided to hold the country hostage.  Now, when it comes to rescissions, let's be truthful with the American public. That could be unobligated funds from prior years. So if there is money, just because it was budgeted and appropriated but they didn't need it all, why don't you save the taxpayers and bring that back to the Treasury?  