Speaker, together, working with their Conference, not with us, not, frankly, with a bipartisan group that has support on this floor of 240 Members. 240 Members of the House of Representatives, and you need 218 for a majority, support an option and have been asking for that option for a long period of time.  Now, the majority leader is looking somewhat quizzical, Mr. Speaker, and he wants to know how you get to 240; 193 plus 47.  There were 54 Republicans who asked for the rule putting four bills on the floor, but 7 were, apparently, encouraged to take their name off of that, so only 47 Republicans remain. All 193, that is 240. That is a majority of the House.  What was asked for was to put four options, giving everybody a chance to put the option that they liked on the floor. Notwithstanding Speaker Ryan's commitment and notwithstanding the comments that Mr. McCarthy made following his meeting at Camp David with the President of the United States where they needed to bring Democrats in, all we have seen is a deeply divided Republican Party negotiating with itself.  They brought a bill to the floor, and they passed the rule. The only real effect of the rule, because the bill lost, was to negate the 216 signatures--and we believe there would have been more but for arm-twisting--to bring those compromised bills to the floor, which had both Republicans and Democrats working together and supporting. Two of those bills, the principal sponsors were a Republican and a Democrat.  Mr. Speaker, I would ask the gentleman, he says he is going to bring a bill to the floor--I presume he is talking about the bill that was going to be brought to the floor yesterday then changed to today, and then changed to next week--whether there will be amendments in that bill and, if so, will they be discussed with us and will we have input into that process?  The gentleman concluded, Mr. Speaker, his comments with he hopes he could have our support. We are not included. We are shut out. The compromise has been rejected and undermined, and the Speaker ignored 216 people who asked for those bills to be brought to the floor, and he said no: no openness, no transparency, closed rules, consistent with the policies that have been followed in this, the most closed Congress in which I have served.  So I would ask my friend again, Mr. Speaker: What changes will be affected in the bill that would be brought to the floor, or are we going to be told when they are brought to the floor what those changes are?  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, it is quite interesting to me to listen to my friend. He is complaining that somehow he is not involved. Mr. Speaker, he is complaining about the number of hours that he sat in my office, not just himself--Senator Durbin, the chief of staff to the President, the Secretary of Homeland Security as well, and Senator Cornyn--and we worked time and again. But every time, we tried to find compromise. We even went to the point of their number one issue, and the President went beyond what they even asked.  But they said: No, we can't do anything else. They said all they wanted to do was go do a discharge petition. That is all they wanted. They didn't want to work through the system.  But that was not unusual, because my friend, Mr. Speaker, likes to quote people--I don't have it written. I just have it by memory, the number of times my friend told me he would never vote to shut down the government. He doesn't care about politics; he would never do that. But we found it was a different year and a different time.  Then we talked about children's health, CHIP. A number of times, Mr. Speaker, we would go to the other side, we would go to the ranking member, and we would go to those individuals on the committee, but they were told not to work with us. So we would run a bill, Mr. Speaker, with everything that they had ever said they would want in it, and yet they would get to the day and they would vote against it.  