Speaker, reclaiming my time, I want to join the leader. It is important for the public to understand that much goes on in which there is agreement. Much goes on in this House between staff and between Members that is a positive and bipartisan result for the American people and for our country.  Obviously, the public sees mostly, and the reporters cover, television and print, mostly the confrontation because that is what is newsworthy. A headline saying everybody cooperated and got something done is apparently not a very saleable, marketable headline. But I thank the majority leader.  And as the roles shift and I become the majority leader, I continue to intend to work with the majority leader and with the incoming whip on the Republican side to see if we can forge bipartisan agreements on critical issues that clearly the American people want addressed.  I thank my friend, Mr. McCarthy, and tell him that I look forward to working with him, as we have in the past, and, hopefully, we can do so constructively on behalf of, not only the House of Representatives, but on behalf of our country.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding, and I thank him for those kind words.  There are other things we also did on this floor. We have also mourned during times of grief, including our colloquy just 1 day after the shooting at the GOP baseball practice.  Those moments of shared humanity reflect the very best that this House has to offer. And, yes, we have had our share of debates--debates over policy, over politics, and how to make the country better. But I have always known my friend to be a man of integrity and a fair and honest broker.  And although his questions were rarely confined to the schedule for the week to come, I have actually grown to enjoy these colloquies. Because no matter the subject, these colloquies represent some of the last true debate that occurs in this Chamber. So while the transcripts of what we say one day will fade, I wish my friend well as he carries forward this rich legacy of debate on the basis of mutual respect in the people's House, and I know he will.  Mr. Speaker, my friend knows I love metrics, so here are a few final stats. On average, our weekly colloquy this year has lasted 42\1/2\ minutes. I apologize to the House recordkeepers and to the Members trying to give 1-minute speeches like they are today. The shortest was 8 minutes, and the longest lasted more than an hour.  Mr. Speaker, today will likely be on the shorter end, because our schedule for next week remains fluid and subject to change. Conversations are currently ongoing between the House, Senate, and the White House. In the meantime, Members should be on standby and prepared to return to Washington for votes next week. We will provide advance notice ahead of any expected votes.  As of today, I would estimate first votes for the week to occur at 6:30 p.m. next Wednesday. I would encourage all Members to make the necessary arrangements to be here as we complete our work for the 115th Congress.  