Speaker, reclaiming my time, we go round and round on that.  Obviously, when we talked about family reunification, you had an offer that you said you were making on behalf of the President that clearly undermined the ability to sponsor, by some, their mothers and fathers. We can go round and round on that. That was my perception of it. We will get the record, and I think that is pretty accurate, Mr. Leader.  Mr. Speaker, the answer to the question, though, has not come, and that is: Will the majority leader bring to the floor three bills and let them be voted on by this House and express the will of the American people?  One of those bills is a Republican bill. One is probably perceived by the Republicans as a Democratic bill, although Ileana Ros-Lehtinen is a cosponsor of that bill. And one, clearly, is a bipartisan bill, negotiated by Mr. Hurd, a Republican from Texas, and Mr. Aguilar, a Democrat from California, that has at least 44 Republicans who have signed on to a rule to bring that particular bill to the floor. All 193 Democrats will be for that bill, to bring it to the floor, which is over 230 Members of this House.  I am asking the leader: Will he bring those three bills to the floor? Because what the President said--and the leader says words matter. What the President said on TV for all of America to see: We will solve the DACA issue. You send me a bill, and I will sign it.  That is what he said, Mr. Speaker. But what happened? The Senate had four bills. Unlike the House, Mr. McConnell brought those four bills to the floor so the Senate could work its will. And there were some 25 Senators, Republicans and Democrats, had come together and put a commonsense bill on the floor, contrary to what the President of the United States said in that meeting on television--not my words. Just go back to the video. Replay it: I will sign a bill.  And then he said, beating--he didn't beat his chest literally: I will take the heat.  What did he do when the commonsense bill came to the floor? He said: I will veto it if it is sent down here.  It had $25 billion in authorization for the President's wall and border security, and he said: I will veto it.  As a result, it only got 54 votes. It needed 60 votes. Had he not said he would veto it, it would have passed. I am absolutely convinced of that.  That was four bills. Why, Mr. Speaker? This is the people's House. The Speaker said: We will take the tough issues head-on. We will not shrink from that responsibility.  All we are asking is to bring those bills to the floor.  Recisions, we can argue about the recisions. And when they come down here substantively, the leader mentions frequently about money that is not going to be spent anyway. None of us are going to oppose that if that is, in fact, what it does. That is an obfuscation of the issue that we are talking about.  We had an agreement. We think that agreement upset a lot of the majority leader's party, and that is why this is happening. They are going to try to correct that political problem they have, just like the balanced budget amendment is trying to correct a political problem.  So I would hope, Mr. Speaker, that the leader would assure me at some point in time that they will do what they said they will do from September to now: address solving the DACA issue. And then what the President said, Mr. Speaker, was then we will go to comprehensive immigration reform.  We ought to do that. The Senate passed a bill some 5 years ago. We asked and have asked over the last 5 years: Bring that bill to the floor.  Now, that bill doesn't exist now because, in the Congress in which it was sent to us, it wasn't brought to the floor. The Republicans were in charge, and they didn't bring it to the floor. We asked for it over and over and over again so we could solve what everybody knows is a broken immigration system.  But, at least in the ambit of these three bills, there is a solution to one small part of that that the President, on national TV, said he wanted to solve and would sign the bill--right up until the time he said he would veto the bill.  The President is a very flexible individual, as we have all seen. I hope he would sign any one of these bills.  And I think the Senate would pass the Aguilar-Hurd bill. If it were brought to the floor, I am convinced it would pass. I think it would pass the Senate, and I would hope the President would sign it and solve a problem that the President of the United States, when he rescinded the protections, asked us to legislate on and send him a bill. I would hope he would do that. I hope the majority leader would do that.  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, the gentleman asked me a question earlier. I want to make sure I answer it.  I made a claim that the gentleman voted to shut the government down. My claim is based upon three times:  January 22, the continuing resolution to keep the government open, you voted ``no'';  On February 6, the continuing resolution, you voted ``no'';  Then, when government was shut down, there was a bill to reopen the government on February 9, and you again voted ``no.''    