Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy), my friend, the majority leader.  (Mr. McCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and at 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.  On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business.  On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes are expected no later than 3 p.m.  On Friday, no votes are expected in the House.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today.  In addition, the House will continue our work on appropriations by taking up the 2019 Defense Appropriations bill sponsored by Representative Kay Granger.  Mr. Speaker, Republicans are committed to national security and rebuilding our military. This bill fully funds a well-deserved 2.6 percent pay raise for our brave men and women in uniform, their largest pay raise in 9 years. It prepares for the future by investing more than $90 billion into the research and development of new defense systems and technology. Above all, it ensures American Armed Forces have the equipment and training necessary to successfully carry out their missions around the world.  This bill passed 48 to 4 out of subcommittee, so I hope my friends across the aisle will consider voting for this important bill when it reaches the floor.  Speaking of national security, the House will also make a motion to go to conference on the National Defense Authorization Act, which the House passed last month.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, additional legislative items are possible in the House, including two bills from the Committee on Natural Resources.  First, H.R. 200, the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act, sponsored by Representative  Don Young: This bill would reauthorize Magnuson-Stevens and replace one-size-fits-all regulations with a tailored approach that will ensure vibrant American fisheries.  Next, H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, sponsored by Representative Jaime Herrera Beutler: This bill will allow State and Tribal authorities to respond more quickly to predators of the native salmon population.  Mr. Speaker, the House is also expected to consider legislation related to border security and immigration.  As soon as our schedule is finalized, I will be sure to inform all Members.  With that, I thank my friend.  