Speaker, he didn't answer the question, of course. He hardly ever does.  400,000 more jobs created in 2016 than 2017. He doesn't say that. They inherited a growing economy. We inherited, when President Obama took office, a receding economy, hemorrhaging 787,000 jobs in January of 2009. He doesn't talk about that. That was after the two tax cuts that they passed in 2001 and 2003 that they said would create the greatest economy we have ever seen. It didn't. He didn't say that.  Mr. Speaker, he didn't say that the only time we balanced the budget for 4 years was under President Clinton, and we created jobs and had the best economy he has experienced and I have experienced. He didn't say that.  And, Mr. Speaker, what he didn't say is why we are not bringing to this floor four pieces of legislation, giving everybody on the floor the opportunity to express their opinion and say to the American people how they think we can address, yes, border security, which we want to address.  But what the President asked us to do and the Speaker said he would do, and the Speaker has not done, and that is to address in a rational way, in a way that can get the majority of votes--the two bills they brought to the floor, they knew they couldn't get the votes.  The farm bill that he just talked about that is going to the Senate, it is dead on arrival. He knows it, Mr. Speaker. The 69 times they tried to repeal the Affordable Care Act, wasted time. He knows it.  And he mentions, by the way, how bipartisan this Congress is. Let me tell you why it is bipartisan: we don't control it, but we cooperate when we can. When we were in charge, it wasn't nearly as bipartisan, because the Republicans did not cooperate when they could.  And, Mr. Speaker, he talks about fiscal bills. Ninety percent of the fiscal bills could not have passed this House, kept the government open, opened the government up, give relief to those who were suffering from natural disasters without substantial Democratic help, and in many instances with the majority of Democrats and the minority of Republicans.  But the answer I looked for, Mr. Speaker, what are we going to consider next week in terms of an issue that the Speaker said some 8 months ago we were going to solve and promised us in February 2018 he was going to address to solve DACA? And now we have this crisis in the country created by the President of the United States with children being wrenched from the arms of their moms and dads. That is what we ought to be discussing.  The majority leader is a good friend of the President's. I understand that. All the President has to do is pick up the phone and call and say to the Attorney General and the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security: stop wrenching those children from the hands of their parents.  We don't need legislation, but now we have legislation. And I would ask him if he would bring the Nadler bill to the floor, which will prevent children from being wrenched from the hands of their families simply because they have committed a misdemeanor of wanting to seek opportunity in the land of opportunity that we call America.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend for his response, but we need to know what is going to be considered next week.Apparently, they haven't decided. So the majority leader says they will let us know as soon as they have decided what they are going to do--who they have to deal with to cobble the votes together on their side of the aisle. We have 240-plus votes for an option, but they are being muzzled. They are being prevented to express the will of this House.  Mr. Speaker, I ask the majority leader, does he believe that my representation that Hurd-Aguilar has 240 votes on this floor inaccurate?  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. My friend made a lot of points. Sometimes facts get caught up in them.  So, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman talked about the floor and the willingness of this side to allow Democratic amendments, or bipartisanship.  As of June 7, Republicans in the 115th Congress--and we are not done with this Congress yet--have provided for the consideration of over 1,200 amendments on the House floor. Now, that includes 570 Democrat amendments.  And I don't want to compare apples to oranges, so let's do apples to apples.  So in the entire 111th Congress--that was their entire Congress when my friend was majority leader--Speaker Pelosi allowed less than 1,000 amendments to be considered on the floor.  Now, despite the unified Democratic opposition, Republicans are still getting the work done, and we will continue to do that.  Now, my friend made a few statements, said there are things I did not say. Maybe there were some things I did not say about the economy, but they are different than what he would, because there is some really good news, and it is not far from here.  Mr. Speaker, you could go to my friend's district. Each of the counties that make up Maryland's Fifth Congressional District has seen a drop in unemployment since 2016. St. Mary's County is down over a full percent to 3.7, Calvert County down to 3.5, Charles County down to 3.8, Prince George's down to 4.1, and Anne Arundel County down to 3.2 percent.  Now, the other point I did not make--and I thank the gentleman for bringing it up to me that I missed points--do you realize in America today, if you are African American, this is the lowest unemployment has ever been; if you are Hispanic, the lowest it has ever been.  Yes, there are things we had to do on our own, but the numbers prove it is worth it.  And what is even more telling about this and something that makes me prouder, it doesn't just help Republican districts, it helps everybody's districts. It helps all Americans. And that is what we are here for.  My friend brought up that there are issues. Yes, there are. That is why we want to pass the immigration bill. We think there should be a border and the border should be protected. We think children should be with their parents, and that is what we are working on.  So I look forward to next week, to us passing an immigration bill that solves a lot of these problems.  And, Mr. Speaker, I hope my friend from the other side of the aisle would look at the bill and understand not everybody gets what they want, because in that bill there won't be everything that I want, not one person in this room will get everything they want. But will America be safer? Will America be better in the future? Will we have a system that works? Those answers will be yes, and that is how I will cast my vote.  