Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his observation.  I would simply be constrained to say, I listened to Mr. Frelinghuysen. I listened to his opposition to the MTR. The pretense that the amendment that was offered is somehow a procedural or nonconsequential amendment is incorrect. Mr. Frelinghuysen didn't even try to make the argument. He said it was a good bill; we ought to pass it. Fine. The amendment would have not undermined the bill in any way.  Now, there is a provision in that bill, as the gentleman knows, to, in effect, undermine the agreement that was made last year, with respect to the funding levels, by putting $500 million into a grandchild's or a children's fund by the chairman of the subcommittee. It is a little bit like your rescissions.  The gentleman who put that in voted for a $2 trillion deficit-creating document and put $500 million in a trust fund to bring down that deficit. I know my friend is happy that that will, at that rate, take 4,000 years to fill that $2 trillion hole.  So I disagree with my friend that the amendment would have had any adverse effect on the bill that was passed.  Now, I voted against the bill, but the bill passed the House of Representatives. Nothing would have adversely affected that bill. I appreciate what the gentleman said about last year's action, which I supported, which I thought was correct, and which I appreciated the Congress taking.  Next, Mr. Speaker, we had a vote on ICE. The gentleman can argue it one way or the other. I know you criticized us; we criticized you. The fact of the matter is, what it did not deal with--and you will indicate that there was a bill that dealt with this in a fashion. But, again, I would remind you that your pledge, through your Speaker, was to take issues head-on, one at a time, discretely, not confuse them.  I would urge the leader, the Speaker, and the majority party to bring a bill to the floor that deals simply with an issue with which we believe the overwhelming majority of Americans agree: Do not rip children from the arms of their parents. Do not estrange children from their parents for weeks and months. Do not traumatize children, perhaps permanently, by this policy of separating children.  I would hope and urge the majority leader to bring a bill to the floor that would deal with that discrete issue.  Mr. Nadler has a bill, H.R. 6135, to prohibit the Department of Homeland Security from pursuing this policy of separating families. John McCain has said that that policy of separation offends the dignity and decency of the American people. That is John McCain, former candidate for President in your party, Mr. Leader, and I would agree with him on that issue.  I would urge the leader to bring a bill to the floor to deal with this issue directly, and I believe--perhaps I am wrong--that it would receive a very significant majority of support in this House.  I would ask the gentleman, is there any plan to bring such a bill to the floor in the near future?  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. Correct me if I'm wrong, but you voted against the omni, correct?  