I said I had voted for balanced budget amendments in the past when I spoke on the floor, and I said that I rose not to oppose the constitutional amendment, but to deride it. It was such a politically patently dishonest effort to pretend that you are for a balanced budget. And guess who said that? Mr. Massie, a member of your caucus; Mr. Meadows, the chairman of your Freedom Caucus; and Senator Corker from Tennessee. They all said that, that it was not a real item, yet we spent all of yesterday working on a document that you knew, Republicans knew, everybody knew was not a real effort and would not pass.  We spent all day doing that. That is what I said. Yes, I have, in the `90s, supported a budget amendment which would restrain us from acting without paying for what we buy.  Your side of the aisle, in my opinion, does not like to pay for what you buy, but you want to buy things because you spend as much money in your budgets as we spend--maybe on different things.  But this side, I want to tell the majority leader, do not run out that canard--Mr. Speaker, I say to the majority leader--that Democrats do not support national security. We do, and the votes prove it.  You had 90 of your Members vote against the agreement. I voted against it as well. I voted against it because we did not reach an agreement, and I am going to get to that issue in just a second. The gentleman knows I feel very strongly about it. I talked to him about it, and it should have been in that bill, and it wasn't. That is why I voted ``no.'' But 90 of your Members voted against it.  Does the majority leader say to me that those 90 people--including when we established the level of spending, the chairman of your Armed Services Committee who voted ``no''--are you telling me they were not for protecting our military, protecting our men and women in the Armed Forces, protecting the training that we give to ourmen and women in the Armed Forces? Are you telling me those 90 Republicans weren't supporting that? Is that what you are saying? Yes or no? I yield to the gentleman.  Mr. McCARTHY. The answer is no, I'm not saying that, and you know I am not. Let me be very clear. They fought for the military funding; and when we got in the room to make the agreement, we held up our word. So let me follow through with a few more, because you make me concerned.  