Mr. Chairman, the Meyers amendment is about promoting abortion. It is not about family planning. Members have said over and over again on the other side, and I do not know how they can say this with a straight face, that we want to kill family planning with this amendment.  That same argument was made in the mid-1980's, and during the 1980's and into the 1990's population control funding doubled. Just look at the numbers that are provided by AID. I will make them a part of the record. It doubled under the Mexico City policy.  As a matter of fact, in 1980, for example, over 350 family planning organizations signed the Mexico City clauses, including 57 international Planned Parenthood Federation affiliates.  The problem that this gentleman has, and that I think the American people have, is that groups like IPPF based in London have in their vision statements--even though most of the countries in the world protect their unborn children--they have as their objectives 1, 2, and 4, to increase the right of access to abortion, and to remove barriers, political, legal, and administrative.  So, Mr. Chairman, the point is by providing money to these organizations, we are effectively empowering this lobby organization with U.S. funds to go out there and bring down these very important protective statutes that provide basic protections for unborn children.  Mr. Chairman, let me also ask the gentlewoman from Kansas [Mrs. Meyers], my good friend, if she might respond to this. That working paper that I talked about earlier by IPPF has this point: The right of everyone to have full access to fertility regulation services applies equally to young people, including those in the adolescent group, age 10 to 19.  As we all know, the World Health Organization defines fertility regulation in four ways, one of which includes abortion. This was a big issue in Cairo. When people realized that is what it meant, they wanted that word taken out. But here we have, under the rubric of the rights of young people, IPPF promoting abortion on demand as a matter of birth control for 10-year-olds. How would the gentlewoman from Kansas [Mrs. Meyers] respond to that in terms of IPPF?  