Mr. Speaker, in the wake of all the rhetoric, the question boils down to whether or not the flag and the American ideals it symbolizes should be protected by our constitution.  To me the flag is about freedom; about liberty and equality in a nation made up of various cultures; about the American veterans who braved the foreign warlords to preserve our freedoms and to ensure that future generations of Americans can live in the security of life, liberty and pursuit of happiness.  Mr. Speaker, here in Washington we are constantly reminded of the dedicated men and women who died in battle, in lands far away, for the preservation of our country and the ideas for which it stands. The flag, now as then, serves as remembrance for the gift of freedom given to us by those fallen heroes. Should they have died knowing that future generations would permit the desecration of the very symbol for which they lay buried in foreign cemeteries?  Thanks to those veterans who fought and died for our freedom, and promulgated on the idea of the ``melting pot'', the United States represents a community where heterogeneity is championed and individualism, regardless of race, creed, sex or color, is revered. Hence, we, as Americans, have a unique opportunity available to us. Where Alexander the Great failed to keep his holdings together, and diversity crippled the Roman Empire, our unity under one flag affords us the unique opportunity to maintain a harmonious multicultural superpower. Being the first successful community of its kind in history, maintenance does not come easily.  Mr. Speaker, what bonds our seemingly different people into one nation, one soul? Values, ideas, hopes, dreams, all symbolized in our common denominator, the flag. The unity inherent in the flag is beyond measure. What does a person from New Jersey have in common with person living in Wyoming but born in Nepal? They are both Americans, and they both possess an allegiance to our country and the recognition that such allegiance manifests itself in an allegiance to the flag. Without a doubt, the flag remains the best symbol of solidarity for our country.  Furthermore, Mr. Speaker, the flag embodies all that Americans treasure. The vast imagery the flag evokes points to that very fact. Who hasn't seen paintings of Betsy Ross sewing a garment that would consolidate a collection of English colonists in defiance of a King who refused to give them representation. A new and improved system of government is why Betsy Ross created the flag; democracy is what we got.  Who can say they haven't seen the statue of the Marines storming the island of Iwo Jima to raise Old Glory high above the fray. Freedom is why those soldiers raised the flag; liberty is what we--what the world--got.  Who hasn't heard the story of Francis Scott Key as he sat aboard a British frigate and watched our flag continue to flutter above the devastation in Fort McHenry. Sheer amazement is why Mr. Key wrote down what he saw; an understanding of the transcendently unifying nature of our flag is what we got.  Burning or desecrating the flag is a destructive act, Mr. Speaker. It is not free speech. And it is only a small fringe group who even care to mutilate, desecrate or burn the flag. In fact, the vast majority of Americans support a constitutional amendment to protect this symbol of freedom. Indeed, it is time the Congress of the United States act to protect our flag.  