Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislation to raise the Social Security earnings limit. Under this bill, the annual income senior citizens will be allowed to earn, without penalty, will rise from $11,280 to $30,000 over the next 5 years.  In this day and age, I cannot believe that there would be anybody in this Chamber who wants to discourage people from working. Yet the earnings limit does precisely that. It is a foolish policy and one which creates perverse economic incentives. H.R. 2684 represents a solid first step and goes a long way toward lifting the burden placed on those seniors who continue to work and make contributions to America's economic activity.  Under current law, seniors under the age of 70 who choose to work lose $1 out of every $3 they earn over some arbitrary and bureaucratic limit--currently set at $11,280 a year. To punish these folks, who have racked up years of experience, wisdom, and institutional knowledge makes no sense whatsoever. By raising the limit to $30,000, we begin to ease the penalty and, I hope, make definite strides to eliminating the earnings test altogether.  The elections that swept Republicans into the majority were about rearranging our priorities and keeping our promises. We promised to raise the earnings limit in the Contract With America, and this bill, of which I am proud to be an original cosponsor, is symbolic of our efforts to keep our promises and fix a Government which all too often sends hardworking citizens the wrong signals.  H.R. 2684, Mr. Speaker, is only a partial fix and only the beginning of corrective action which is long overdue. Last year, I cosponsored legislation--H.R. 300--which would have fully repealed the earnings limit and again this year, I cosponsored legislation--H.R. 201--to fully repeal the earnings test. For years, we have heard people argue that raising the earnings limit or repealing the earnings test would only benefit the wealthy. What these people either forget or ignore is the fact that under current law, income derived from private pensions and investments is not subjected to the limit at all. Therefore the argument that this bill would only benefit the wealthy is completely without merit. In fact, the ultrawealthy can and already do earn as much as they want from their investments, but middle-class hardworking men and women who want to keep a job are penalized for moneys they earn. H.R. 2684 addresses this inequity and restores fairness for those who want to work.  For many of our elderly citizens, the additional wages they will be allowed to earn, without penalty, is important. But for many more there is an even greater reward: The dignity of working, earning, and keeping an honest buck. There is a spiritual as well as a health benefit to be derived from keeping active, working and being fairly compensated. Why the Federal Government would punish people for this is beyond me.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2684 also corrects a number of other injustices as well. Like the fact that under current law, alcoholics and drug abusers can receive Social Security disability cash payments. As I said earlier, Republicans were elected to change our priorities, and here is a clear-cut case of mixed up priorities. Punish seniors who decide to work, but give cash benefits to drug and alcohol abusers? These people need treatment and counseling. Under H.R. 2684, people addicted to alcohol or drugs will no longer be eligible to receive benefits due to disability. Instead, the bill redirects some of that funding to various drug and alcohol treatment programs so that people get the type of help they need.  Mr. Speaker, in closing I would reiterate that this bill on the whole is a solid piece of legislation that can and should receive bipartisan support. It is unfortunate that during the years that the Democrats controlled the House this legislation was never brought to the floor for a vote and thus people continued to pay penalties at a very low threshold. Today, I am proud to be a cosponsor of H.R. 2684, and I look forward to building upon this achievement and eliminating the irrational earnings test altogether.  