Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  One of the previous speakers said that this language would completely eliminate family planning. Nothing could be further from the truth.  The Mexico City language and the UNFPA anticoercion language was in effect for most of the 1980's, since about 1984, and into the 1990's, and during that time, the United States, was still the primary donor nation to family planning, both to countries and to organizations around the world.  What we said was that coercion is a terrible and heinous thing, and that we as a nation will not look askance or look the other way when it comes to forcing women to have abortions. All our legislation does today is say that we are again serious about the human rights abuse that occur when women are forcibly aborted and forcibly sterilized. And by our legislation today we say no to those organizations, like the U.N. population fund that whitewashes these crimes and coddles those who commit these crimes and provides substantial money and other kinds of technical supports to programs that sanction these crimes. We are telling the world that we are opposed to that and that we are not going to allow our money to go to those kinds of crimes and the organizations that sanction them.  Mr. Speaker, I think that the language that the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Callahan] has crafted is a compromise. It is a middle ground that has given in a number of areas, and the Senate should take it.  Let me also point out, Mr. Speaker, again, that anyone who says on the other side that this completely eliminates, and I say this to the press as well, completely eliminate family planning, that that is absolutely unmitigated nonsense. It did not happen before, funding continued under humane rules.  Those specious charges were made back in the 1980's on this House floor and one provider of family planning services after another agreed to the Mexico City clauses, signed on the dotted line--Planned Parenthood and others all got their money. However, they did so by having a wall of separation between family planning and the performance of abortion, except in cases of rape, incest and life of the mother.  Mr. Speaker, let me just say something else. Recently my Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights had a hearing and we heard testimony from women who had been forcibly aborted, who are now in this country awaiting to be deported. Right now some of those women are on a hunger strike in California.  This administration, which says that it cares for women, is about to send 19 women back to China, women that the INS itself has said were credible, had sufficient documentation and information to lead a reasonable man or woman to believe that they, indeed, were forcibly aborted. Well, these women right now are on a hunger strike because the Clinton administration is trying to kick them out of the country and send them back to China.  We heard from those women. They came to our subcommittee. It took over 4 months to get them to come, because the administration threw up every kind of barrier to prevent us from hearing their story.  One of those witnesses, Li Bao Yu, told us that when she had an IUD that was forcibly inserted into her body by the cadres, when she had it removed, she got pregnant. So what did the Chinese Government do? It said that that baby that was conceived had to be aborted, and they dragged her in and they forced her to have an abortion.  Some of my friends on the other side of the aisle heard her testimony. We heard from another woman, Hu Shuye, who at 6 months had her baby ripped out of her body by the cadres, by the family planning cadres in the People's Republic of China, and she said, ``I had no way out, they forced me, they dragged me to have this abortion done.''  Mr. Speaker, are we serious about voluntarism? Are we going to look the other way and allow and subsidize these terrible crimes against women?  Mr. Speaker, this administration talks out of both sides of its mouth. It says they want to help women, but instead it is sending those women back; it wants to give money to those organizations that do this kind of thing and assist those countries that do this kind of human rights abuse.  We will see, and the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Callahan] and the rest of the committee will confirm, that there is money in this bill for family planning. We just say that human rights criteria ought to have sway. Coercion? Or voluntarism? When it comes between the two, let us come down on the side of voluntarism and not on the side of coercion.  Finally, let me just say that we have made some concessions. The Mexico City policy worked, and it will work again.  