Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gilman], the chairman, for his expeditious passage of this legislation in the full committee. I also thank the gentleman for his very strong leadership on human rights, particularly as it relates to the People's Republic of China.  I would like to thank the gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Bereuter], the gentleman from American Samoa [Mr. Faleomavaega], the gentleman from California [Mr. Berman], the gentleman from California [Mr. Lantos], and the gentlewoman from California [Ms. Pelosi], who has been a real stalwart when it has come to China, Mr. Lantos, Mr. Berman and the gentleman from California [Mr. Cox], who spoke earlier and, of course, my good friend and colleague with whom I have traveled to China on behalf of human rights, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wolf], who has been tenacious in promoting human rights around the globe.  Mr. Speaker, today the American people stand united in outrage at the latest assaults on freedom, democracy and decency by the government of the People's Republic of China. The ordeal of Wei Jingsheng began in 1979 when he took the Communist government at its word and wrote articles suggesting political reform. For this they sentenced him to a 15-year jail term.  In late 1993, he was unexpectedly released on parole, a few months prior to the end of his sentence. This gesture, I would note parenthetically, was designed to induce the Olympic committee to award Beijing as host of the Olympics 2000. They did not get it, as we all know.  During his long and unjust imprisonment, he has been severely beaten and subjected to other forms of physical and psychological abuse. He was in extremely poor health, but he had also become a hero in the meantime, a symbol of courage and even of hope to a beleaguered people.  It was my privilege, Mr. Speaker, to visit with Wei Jingsheng in Beijing in January 1994, during his very brief period of freedom. I found him to be extremely articulate, compassionate and principled. He spoke of his quest for democracy and human rights with a very keen understanding. Notwithstanding his horrific ordeal in prison, he never once slandered the leadership of the People's Republic of China. I was amazed at his lack of malice and his lack of rancor toward his jailers. I was deeply impressed by his kindness and his goodness.  A few weeks later, after meeting with Assistant Secretary of State for Human Rights John Shattuck, he was rearrested. For 19 months the Beijing government would not even admit that they had Wei in its custody. He was cut off from communication with his family, with legal counsel, with his colleagues and admirers in the human rights movement. None of us knew for sure whether or not he was dead or alive.  When I visited Beijing in September of this year, I asked to visit Wei in prison. My request was not denied, it was just ignored as if he was persona non grata. Finally on November 21 of this year, the Beijing authorities acknowledged what the world already knew, that Wei was their prisoner. They announced their intention to try him for ``attempting to overthrow the government.''  This charge is clearly false, Mr. Speaker, unless it is just another way of saying that anyone who believes in freedom and democracy and who is not afraid to say so is a threat to the ultimate survival of a totalitarian regime such as the one in Beijing.  In a free country, Mr. Speaker, Wei Jingsheng would have a place of high honor in society. In today's China, the only question is whether he will be tried for a crime that is punishable by death or by a very, very long imprisonment. Wei is an innocent man, Mr. Speaker. In a free country, this would matter. In Communist China, it is his very innocence that his jailers hate and fear.  Mr. Speaker, there is disagreement among the Members of the United States Congress as to the best way to bring freedom and democracy to the People's Republic of China. Some believe that we must pursue a course of constructive engagement, that if we work closely with the Chinese officials and give them much of what they want from us, we will be in the best position to encourage them to improve their dismal human rights record. Others feel that the last 20 years of U.S. policy towards China amounts to a long and unrequired one-way love affair with a Communist dictatorship. Today, however, we all stand together, Republicans and Democrats, liberals and conservatives, pro- and anti-MFN advocates, united by one simple truth: This decent and gentle man is not a criminal.  The trial of Wei Jingsheng is set to begin in just a few hours and, looking at the clock, probably in just a few minutes. We appeal to President Zemin on his behalf. Release him. Today we pray, we hope and we can tell the truth on the floor of this House about what is happening to Wei Jingsheng. For just this one day, let us let the world know that the United States did not conduct business as usual with a government that brutalizes its own people and dishonors its heroes.  Wei Jingsheng deserves to be free. Let us send a clear, unmistakable expression of our support for him as he goes on trial and again in just a couple of minutes in China.  