Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Callahan motion, which represents yet another sincere attempt by Chairman Callahan to seek a compromise approach to this issue on which so many of us feel so very strongly.  As most of my colleagues know, I have been a very strong supporter of the pro-life Mexico City policy which is designed to protect innocent unborn children around the world by barring United States family planning funds to foreign organizations that perform or promote abortion overseas. The House has voted four times, four times, in favor of that legislation this year. It should be clear by now, Mr. Speaker, that one way or the other pro-lifers will not stand by. We will not allow the abortion industry to get an infusion of literally hundreds of millions of dollars in foreign aid for the promotion of the killing of unborn children in other lands or by lobbying to bring down their statutes.  More than 95, closer to 100, countries of the world have pro-life statutes, and these nongovernmental organizations, some, not all, get into these countries, begin networking, and they have been working aggressively to bring down those pro-life statutes.  I do not think the U.S. taxpayer should be making these organizations the dominant force in these capitals around the world. Family planning, yes; abortion promotion, and abortion performance except in the cases of rape, incest, and life of the mother, which is what the original language had in it, they are the exception; but family planning, yes; abortion, no.  I would also remind Members that I have been a very strong supporter of linking UNFPA funding, U.N. Population Fund, to withdrawal of UNFPA from the program in China where forced abortion is commonplace and prevalent and where the UNFPA has been the dominant cheerleader for the population program in Beijing, in the People's Republica of China. Again, if the Senate or the White House will not budge on this at this time, pro-lifers are not going to cave.  We will allow the money, we will push the money for family planning, but will not allow it to be used in any way, shape, or form for the promotion of abortion or for promoting this coercion in the People's Republican of China. The pro-life Members are willing to support this motion which deletes these two provision, but says we have got the wait until the authorizers take it up and then the bill will pass, I believe, and will be signed. Otherwise, we go back. We put the language back into the appropriations bill. That is fine with me.  If the Senate will not budge, we stay here until hell freezer over, because unborn children are precious and the women in the People's Republic of China, who have been victimized by the brutality of that program are precious as well.  I absolutely and categorically reject those who stand on the floor and say we are stopping all family planning funding. During the many years that the Mexico City program was in effect, 350 plus nongovernmental organizations, more NGO's than we had the money to fund, accepted the Mexico City clauses of no abortion promotion and got their money for family planning in Bangladesh, in Africa, in Central America. Planned Parenthood, Western Hemisphere, got, if I remember correctly, about $10 million when they agreed they would no longer be promoting abortion. The got their money to stay on point, and that is family planning, not abortion.  We are insisting on very modest language that says we are not going to be in the business of promoting abortion or performing it except in those very rare cases. We are not going to allow these organizations to be lobbying to bring down these anti-abortion statutes around the globe.  The family planning money will then flow. Nobody will object to it, and condoms and some of the other things that are disseminated will go out without any impediment, but we will not be in the business of empowering the abortion industry.  Vote for the Callahan motion.  