Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend for yielding me time. Mr. Chairman, today I rise in strong support of the Livingston-Smith compromise which makes needed reforms in the Nation's family planning effort.  This vote, Mr. Chairman, is not about ending Federal family planning assistance. It is about defunding the abortion industry, restoring State and local control, and redirecting funds to organizations which recognize that the worst problems of teenage children cannot be solved by shutting their parents out of the process.  Make no mistake about it, the Livingston-Smith compromise does not end Federal family planning assistance. Instead, it redirects to the States a little over 25 percent of what the Federal Government spends on family planning programs--that's the $193 million we spend on title X--through block grants them and lets States decide how and where to best use these needed funds. As many of my colleagues know, the Federal Government will spend in excess of $745 million on family planning programs this year alone. The lion's share of the Federal spending on family planning is through Medicaid--the Nation's program for the poor--which is expected to spend in excess of $525 million on family planning for poor women in fiscal year 1995. The Livingston compromise leaves this money and this program as is--untouched. The argument that the Federal Government is abandoning family planning support for poor women is simply not true.  It's a red herring.  The truth is that under Chairman Livingston's proposal, the Federal funds now used for title X are redirected on a dollar-for-dollar basis to the Maternal and Child Health block grant, as well as the Consolidated Health Centers program. Each of these programs already provides primary health services and preventive services, including family planning, to low-income people. Under the Livingston-Smith compromise the Maternal and Child Health Block Grant program will receive an infusion of more than $116 million which they can target to family planning programs while the Consolidated Health Center program will receive an additional $77 million that can be targeted for family planning initiatives across the country.  Federal family planning assistance is not eliminated. But duplication of effort and administrative costs are. Right off the bat, the Livingston-Smith amendment will free up $3 million from overhead costs and allow that money to go to direct services. And as this Congress has searched for ways to bring the Federal budget under control, programs that are unauthorized have naturally been subject to particular scrutiny. The title X program hasn't been authorized in 10 years.  The Livingston-Smith compromise will provide greater power to the States to administer their own family planning programs. As we have seen with many other areas of Government spending, the State governments are closer to the problem and can more effectively channel funds so that the greatest number of persons--in each State--are served in the most efficient and most effective way possible. Who is more capable of delivering services to the people, the States or the Federal Government?  Part of the answer to this question includes a long, hard look at the title X program, its pet recipients and its record of controversy and failure. Most of us agree that the purpose of Federal involvement in family planning efforts is to reduce the number of children born outside of wedlock, particularly to teenagers.  Yet, since 1972, teen pregnancy has skyrocketed from about 50 pregnancies per 1,000 teenage girls to about 100 pregnancies per 1,000 girls in 1990. This is a staggering increase of 100 percent--in a time span of less than two decades.  As with many other social problems, we are slowly making the realization that throwing more money at the problem is not the answer. The problem with title X is not the amount of money, but who spends it and how.  The largest single recipient of title X funds is a private organization--the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. And its no coincidence that Planned Parenthood is the largest abortion provider in the United States today. Planned Parenthood organizations perform or refer for over 215,000 abortions each year. This is an organization that believes in giving out contraceptives to children, and performing abortions on them, without their parents being informed. Planned Parenthood proudly boasts of lobbying to overturn State laws that require informed consent before women undergo abortions, and which require parents to be notified before minors have abortions.  The ideology of Planned Parenthood is one that undermines parental authority. Unbelievably, title X regulations actually prohibit grantees from informing parents about treatment of and drugs that are given to teens, if the teenager in question requests that the parents be left in the dark. This bizarre requirement in the title X program has actually prevented some States from receiving title X funds because they have laws on the books which require parents to be informed about medical treatment given to their children. For example, the State of Utah was denied title X funds in the past because of the State's parental notification requirements.  And here's another coincidence. The Office of Population Affairs, which overseas the title X program, is headed by an abortionist from California who performed abortions for Planned Parenthood for over 20 years. This is the Clinton administration's idea of a family planning expert.  Mr. Chairman, I hope no one will be fooled by the language on abortion that is contained in the Greenwood amendment. The intent of the amendment is to nullify the Livingston compromise and take the $116 million in new moneys from the Community Health Centers in order to re-fund title X, Planned Parenthood, and the abortion industry.  The Greenwood amendment sounds like it has restrictions on funding of abortion, but it doesn't. It merely restates current law and policy with respect to title X recipients and abortion funding, counseling, and lobbying with Federal funds.  The Greenwood amendment provides no further protections than current law. Everyone on both sides of the abortion debate knows that the current restrictions on abortion funding do not really restrict. The proabortion side knows that they don't work and that's why the proabortion side supports the Greenwood amendment. The pro-life side knows the current restrictions don't work and that's why we oppose the Greenwood amendment. Money is fungible, and when more than $34 million in title X funds goes to the Nation's leading provider of abortions, we are subsidizing the abortion industry. Consider this: Planned Parenthood's records show that it is an organization which favors abortion over childbirth. In 1993, for example, Planned Parenthood clinics directly provided 134,277 abortions, but only provided prenatal care to 9,943 women--a staggering 13.5 to 1 ratio of planned abortions to planned births. With this record it cannot be denied that whenever tax dollars go to Planned Parenthood they prop up the abortion industry.  Supporters of the Greenwood amendment will say it prohibits title X funds from being used to pay for abortions. But abortion funding is already prohibited under the Hyde amendment. And yet, title X funds regularly go to support organizations and clinics which perform abortions as a method of birth control.  And they will argue that the Greenwood amendment says that title X funds cannot be used for lobbying for or against candidates or legislation. But this too is already in current law. And it has never stopped title X recipients from lobbying for abortion on demand and continued title X funding.  Just this month, a pro-life Member got hold of an ``Action Alert'' from Planned Parenthood of Central Florida--which receives title X funding--opposing the Livingston compromise. The alert urges PP supporters to write and call the Member and ``express your outrage.'' It also encourages people to go to town hall meetings and ``to clap or boo even if you don't want to speak.'' It concludes: ``We need to let him know we are watching him . . .''  We should not be surprised that the Planned Parenthood Federation is opposed to the changes proposed to title X by Chairman Livingston. It is not often that a private organization can ride the gravy train and receive tens of millions of dollars in public funding each year, all from a program that is administered by one of its own.  Finally Mr. Chairman, it is important to note that under the Livingston/Smith amendment, Planned Parenthood can and presumably will apply to receive funding from the States, which would receive the title X funds that are redirected to the Maternal and Child Health block grant, and the Community and Migrant Health Centers program. But there will be no more sweetheart deals from the Federal Government. Planned Parenthood will have to compete on a level field with other service providers, many of whom are less ideological, less controversial, and more effective at providing family planning services other than abortions.  Mr. Chairman, I would ask my colleagues to consider what we would gain by restoring funding for the title X program. Billions more dollars for an unauthorized program which has a solid record of failure in reducing teen pregnancy? more funding for organizations like Planned Parenthood which undermine parental authority and perform or arrange hundreds of thousands of abortions every year? is that what the American taxpayers really want?  Our choice today is not about whether we should continue to support family planning. It is about whether we should continue supporting a failed and controversial Federal program, or give the money to the States, and let them experiment with different approaches to solve these persistent and tenacious problems.  I urge my colleagues to support the compromise worked out by our distinguished colleague, Mr. Livingston.  