Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule for the foreign operations appropriations bill, H.R, 1868.  Mr. Speaker, a number of my colleagues have expressed concern that the rule does not permit an amendment which would excise language in the conference report regarding assistance to refugees and displaced persons within Azerbaijan. When the House debated this issue on June 28, I made a very strong statement in support of the provision allowing assistance through the Azerbaijani Government and entitling it to the suffering refugees, and there are about 1 million of those refugees. I remain committed to the principle of refugee assistance. My subcommittee oversees that on the authorizing side, and I think this language is a very carefully crafted piece of workmanship.  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to read the actual language that the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Wilson] put in the bill. It is replete with caveats and its intention is beyond doubt. I quote: ``Assistance may be provided for the government of Azerbaijan for humanitarian purposes if the President determines that humanitarian assistance provided in Azerbaijan through NGO's is not adequately addressing the suffering of refugees and internally displaced persons.''  The conference report states further that the assistance would be for, and I quote again, ``for the exclusive use of refugees and displaced persons.''  My Armenian friends know well that I have fully supported provisions which address humanitarian concerns of their community. I was a prime sponsor of the Humanitarian Aid Corriders Act, offered it on the authorizing bill, and it passed, which is also included in this conference report offered by the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Goss ]. The sole factors, in my view, are the women and the children and the refugees.  Again, I think the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Wilson] has worked out a very carefully crafted compromise, and I do hope that Members will vote in favor of this conference report, in favor of the rule.  Just very briefly on the issue raised by Mr. Obey, the language dealing with the United Nations Population Fund and the Mexico City Policy, which Mr. Callahan will offer shortly, are the two issues that we have voted on and debated several times in this House, both on the authorizing bill and on the appropriations bill. The issue has been divided in the past, and the votes are very similar, and I would hope that Members would see fit to continue to keep these joined together.  The conferees felt it was necessary to have one vote, up or down, on these two important policies. We have divided it in the past, we had separate votes, and those votes were decidedly in favor of the pro-life provisions.  So rather than wasting the time of this body, I would hope that we can have our argument on those two policies without the motion that the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Obey] would like to offer. So vote ``yes'' on the motion as well as ``yes'' on the rule itself.  