Mr. Speaker, let me say that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Solomon], especially on the issues related to China, has been a stalwart and it is so good to be working with him and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wolf] and the gentlewoman from California [Ms. Pelosi] and many others.  China is one of the worst, most egregious abusers of human rights in the world today. In report after report issued by our own State Department, and numerous human rights organizations, examples of wide-ranging abuses of human rights indicate that no aspect of human life is free from the repressive and the insidious control of the butchers of Beijing.  Mr. Speaker, last year, a year and a half ago, I thought the President had it right. He issued an Executive order. He laid down very clear, nonambiguous markers. Significant progress in human rights had to be achieved or MFN was a goner. He stated this and made very, very much about it. As a matter of fact, during his race for the Presidency, he accused Mr. Bush of coddling dictators.  But I am very sorry to say that as we saw a deterioration of the human rights situation in China and a significant regression, this President, Bill Clinton, blinked. He did a complete flip-flop, backed off a very principled stand, and then coddled the dictators, the very butchers of Beijing that he was so rightfully critical of during the campaign and during the early months of his Presidency.  It is shameless. The situation in China on religious freedom has gotten significantly worse. Li Peng issued two sweeping decrees, 144 and 145, to crack down on the house church movement and on the fledgling Catholic church in the People's Republic of China. One could be part of the officially government-sanctioned, government-run church, but if they dared to worship God and read their Bible in their home, or assemble to praise God, they are going to have their door broken down and the public security police are going to yank them off to prison for interrogation and for beatings.  The situation of Harry Wu, I think, crystallizes what is going on in China today. Here is a man who spent 19 years in the Laogai, was in the gulag system, faced unbelievable repression, the use of hunger as a means of torture.  He spoke at a subcommittee hearing. I am the chairman of the International Operations and Human Rights Subcommittee, and Harry and other survivors of the Laogai system came forward and talked about their terrible experiences in that gulag system. Many of those products which end up in our stores. They are being sold in our supermarkets and in our stores across the country.  We have what we call a memorandum of understanding with the People's Republic of China, to check out the use of gulag labor for export, and it is a farce. They do not allow us access to those. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wolf] and I went to Beijing Prison No. 1 and saw socks and jelly shoes being made, but it was one of those rare instances when we were actually able to see what was being made with prisoners and other people who were held in incarceration.  Harry Wu, Mr. Speaker, should tell us all what can happen when an American citizen traveling on a duly issued visa and passport, is held incommunicado and denied access by our own Embassy, against all the rules, and now continues to languish in China against his will. It tells us that the human rights situation is abysmal.  He has been a tremendous witness to the sorriest state of human rights in China and, thankfully, we are today beginning to bring some focus on what is actually occurring there.  On the issue of forced abortion, Mr. Speaker, which I know Members have heard me talk about since 1979 when it was first initiated in that country, just the other day I received a letter from a woman in China who heard me talking about it on Voice of America and she wrote me this letter: ``I've been hesitating to write you until today. At the end of May I heard a report on V.O.A. about your concern over China's cruel policy of forced abortion.''  ``As a Chinese woman who has just been forced to have an abortion at that time, I really agree with you. What is a real woman without the personal right to have one more child, especially when she is expecting a baby and obliged by the state to kill that baby.''  Mr. Speaker, she went on to say, ``Considering human rights in China, we suffer more than any other countries, if we don't have the right even to get birth to a baby. What's the use of any other rights? Please don't mention my name in public since I could be severely punished.'' And she went on in her letter to talk about what some of her friends have gone through.  Mr. Speaker, on gulag labor, on religious repression, on forced abortion, all of these human rights abuses, the Tiananmen Square and other dissidents who continue to be rounded up. Wei Jing Cheng, who met with Assistant Secretary John Shattuck and 2 weeks later was dragged into prison. Here is the hero to the Democracy Wall movement who had the audacity to meet with the Assistant Secretary for Human Rights. He met with me 2 weeks earlier in Beijing and because he met, he was dragged off and we have not heard from him since.  This is a very cruel regime, Mr. Speaker. To be dealing with the Chinese today, and to act as if there is nothing going on human rights wise, is like dealing with the Nazis back in the 1930's. This is a cruel dictatorship. Let us not forget that. Their people do not have rights.  And when we talk about empowerment, empowerment has not worked. Yes, trains may run on time and we may be having this robust trading relationship, but they have had regression in human rights. They have gone in the opposite direction. Rather than liberalization, they have become more repressive.  There is a compromise piece of legislation that will be offered. I think it is a good start. I would have hoped that we would have revoked MFN. The President shamelessly delinked it, after making all the right noises for months. He delinked it when human rights got worse in China. For years to come, that will be seen as one of the worst decisions this President has ever made and another indication of the vacillation of the Clinton Presidency.  Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote for the Bereuter legislation. I do think it makes a strong statement. Radio Free Asia is needed now more than ever and language in this legislation admonishes the President to do that. It is a good bill. We could have had better, but I urge support for it.  