I thank my friend for yielding me the time.  Mr. Chairman, every day inside abortion clinics throughout America, babies are dismembered and chemically poisoned and their mothers wounded emotionally and sometimes physically. Each and every day 4,000 children are killed by abortionists. I hate violence, Mr. Chairman, whether it be violence against unborn babies or the violence that is visited upon their mothers.  Even though I detest what they do, I nonetheless deplore any violence against abortionists.  Members might recall that I authored the FACE substitute last year that would have imposed very stiff Federal penalties against anyone who uses force or threatens to use force against abortionists, clinic personnel, or pro-lifers.  But let me make it very clear, Mr. Chairman, abortion mills are not privileged entities. They are not privileged characters. The purposes that are delineated in H.R. 728 relate to police who will serve the entire community, schools that also provide a basic service to a larger community, drug courts and neighborhood watch programs.  Abortion clinics, abortion mills, despicable as they are, are private facilities. 7-Eleven stores, grocery stores, and other private operations have a much greater exposure to violent activities than abortion mills. The statistics bear that out. My friend from Illinois and others have pointed this out during this debate. Abortion mills make millions of dollars. They don't necessarily need a huge Federal subsidy. Yet, and I want to make this very clear, under the terms of the amendment of the gentleman from New Mexico [Mr. Schiff] which was adopted yesterday, local law enforcement officials could enhance security measures around any facility, including an abortion mill, if the proper outpatients deemed to have a special risk for incidents of crime. If we are not singling out banks with their very high risk and grocery stores and, as has been pointed out, even taxicab drivers for special protection, I would submit it is entirely inappropriate to single out abortion mills for this kind of treatment. Special risks are going to vary from community to community. It runs counter to the purpose of this legislation to start itemizing, having a higher order, a pecking order, if you will, and to say that some private facilities should receive public funding and others should not. That ought to be left to the local level.  I urge defeat of the Schroeder amendment.  