Mr. Chairman, I appreciate this opportunity to speak to several provisions of the Energy and Water Appropriations bill for fiscal year 1996 which will profoundly affect my home State of New Jersey.  First of all, I am pleased that the committee has soundly rejected President Clinton's short-sighted proposal to phase out the important work of the Army Corps of Engineers in shore protection, navigation, and flood study. The Army Corps has worked to reduce erosion along the Jersey Shore, to make waterways safe for fishing and commercial boat passage, and has protected homeowners from flooding. There is still work to be done.  The Shore is the lifeblood of my home State of New Jersey. The Coast Alliance estimates that three-quarters of the State is located in the coastal zone and that more than 90 percent of the people in the Nation's most populated State live in this coastal zone. These people depend on the Army Corps' experience and know-how to maintain the quality of life they have come to know. In addition, the coastal zone contributes more than $79 billion--or over half of the State's gross State product--to the New Jersey economy through tourism, fishing, and boating or other recreational activities.  While we all realize that cuts in Federal spending are necessary, they should not be arbitrary and they should be based on sound cost-benefit analyses. The President's proposal disregarded the long-term benefits of the Army Corps' work and simply shifted much of the cost of their work to the states. I am proud to have been part of a bipartisan group of legislators who successfully worked against this proposal from its very onset.  In addition, Mr. Chairman, as if to provide evidence of the importance of the Army Corps to New Jersey, H.R. 1905 includes two Corps projects in my district which will help to maintain our strong fishing and tourism industries. Specifically, the bill includes funding to complete a reconnaissance study of the erosion problem along the Shore from Manasquan Inlet to Barnegat Inlet. The study was begun in fiscal year 1995 and, with the $290,000 appropriated in H.R. 1905, will be completed this year. The bill also provides for $100,000 to begin work on maintenance dredging of the Manasquan Inlet.  These appropriations, Mr. Chairman, are modest, but the benefits they will bring to the State are enormous. Tourism is the second greatest contributor to the New Jersey economy, pumping in $22.6 billion in 1994 alone. A stable and preserved shoreline is vital to the success of that industry. In fact, in 1993, the New Jersey coastal regions received almost 14 million overnight visitors who spent an estimated $10.3 billion and created more than 171,000 jobs.  Fishing is also a key industry to the State economy. New Jersey leads the Nation in clam production and is a major producer of scallops and other seafood. In 1993, the New Jersey commercial fishing fleet caught more than $96 million worth of seafood. In addition, anglers contributed more than $649 million to the State economy in 1993. Waterways, like the Manasquan Inlet, must be maintained to allow the fishing industry to do its work.  Mr. Chairman, while I am pleased that the Committee gave these Army Corps proposals appropriate attention, I am disappointed that the Committee has neglected another industry of importance not only to New Jersey, but to the Nation, and that is fusion energy research.  For years, the Princeton Plasma Physics Lab in Princeton, New Jersey has been a key contributor to the United States' efforts to develop fusion energy for mass consumer use. Just this past year, the Lab reached record levels of energy production and seemed to be on its way to making this safe and clean energy source a reality. Unfortunately, H.R. 1905 stops their progress just as it is beginning to truly pay off. I am hopeful that this will be corrected as we move through the conference process.  