Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H.R. 2353, legislation to extend eight needed expiring authorities for the Department of Veterans Affairs, including other important provisions. Before I summarize the bill I would like to express my sincere appreciation for the bipartisan effort and the outstanding work by those who brokered the compromises reflected in the bill. Through the efforts of Chairman Hutchinson and Chairman Stump, along with full committee ranking member Montgomery, and Chet Edwards, the ranking member of the subcommittee, we were able to reach a compromise that reflects not only the specific concerns of each of the members but also the needs of our veteran constituents. We were also, in the spirit of compromise, able to address the concerns of Mr. Nethercutt and the entire Washington State delegation to rename the Walla Walla VA Medical Center for a Great Washingtonian, Gen. Jonathan M. Wainwright.  Under this bill, hospital and medical care services for Persian Gulf veterans will be extended for 3 years, until December 31, 1998.  This bill also extends the following seven authorities: Contract authority for alcohol and drug abuse care through December 31, 1997; the nursing home care alternatives program through December 31, 1997 with an evaluation due to Congress March 31, 1997; The Health Scholarships program to December 31, 1997, with a report by a private contractor due to Congress March 31, 1997; enhanced-use lease of real property authority to December 31, 1997 with a report due to Congress March 31, 1997; the community-based residential care for homeless chronically mentally ill veterans to December 31, 1997; the demonstration program of compensated work therapy and therapeutic transitional housing to December 31, 1997; and the homeless veterans pilot program to December 31, 1998.  Section 2 of the bill requires the VA to submit to Congress by March 1, 1997 a report on the advantages and disadvantages of consolidating the following programs: Alcohol and drug abuse contract care, community-based residential care to homeless chronically mentally ill veterans, and compensated work therapy and therapeutic transitional housing.  Section 2 also includes a compromise provision which authorizes a report on the scientific evidence concerning the health consequences of military service in the Persian Gulf war.  Section 3 of the bill repeals the authority of the VA to provide grants to the Veterans Memorial Medical Center in the Philippines.  Section 4 of the bill permits the daily display of the POW/MIA flag at Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers.  Section 5 authorizes contract authority for utilities at the Audie L. Murphy Memorial Medical Center, San Antonio, Texas.  Finally, Section 6 authorizes the name change of the Walla Walla VA Medical Center to the Jonathan M. Wainwright Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, a great American hero and son of the State of Washington.  Mr. Speaker, this legislation is strongly supported by the Department, professional organizations representing the affected groups, and the Committee on Veterans' Affairs. Both the Subcommittee on Hospitals and Health Care and the full committee unanimously reported this measure. I strongly support passage of this legislation.  