Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, the abuse of human rights by the People's Republic of China includes the thousands of people who languish in the gulag system and logai system which Harry Wu has so faithfully, as well as so courageously, exposed throughout the years, but the human rights abuses, as we all know, are legion in the People's Republic of China. Now they include again a U.S. citizen.  On June 19 of this year, just a couple of days ago, Harry Wu was arrested as he entered China. Harry Wu is well known to many of us in Washington. He is a former political prisoner. He was a prisoner in the logai system for 19 years.  Harry has tirelessly worked to expose Chinese human rights abuses. The extensive prison labor system, the backbone of China's export industry, the trafficking of body parts of prisoners for transplant and research, and he has also uncovered the numerous products manufactured in the slave labor camps which are being sold in the United States.  Knowing that each time he returned to China to investigate human rights abuses that he put himself in danger, Harry Wu continued to go back, remembering those millions who like he suffered, or like his brother, who died at the hands of the Chinese Government and military.  Mr. Chairman, on April 3 we had the privilege in the International Operations and Human Rights Committee to hear testimony from six survivors of the logai system. They gave extensive testimony, a Buddhist monk, a priest, and others who had been held by the Chinese, and, of course, I think the most riveting testimony was given by Harry Wu.  When talking about this, he said, ``I really want to forget the nightmares of that past period, buy, you know, some things simply will not go away. So, like a bad dream, they refuse to disappear.''  But he also said, ``I am a survivor. I think I have a responsibility to those inmates who are still there. Finally, I have got a chance to tell the truth to the world.''  Today again, sadly, Mr. Speaker, Harry Wu is not free. His whereabouts is not known. The U.S. Embassy for its part was informed of the arrest and tried, and tried very hard, to find out where he is, and has been stonewalled. Nine days have past since Harry Wu, a U.S. citizen, was arrested.  How much longer do we have to wait to find out where he is and exactly what kind of shape he is in? Harry Wu indeed has been a voice for those crying out for truth and for justice. I am very glad in a bipartisan way, Mr. Speaker, that we today will go on record calling on the People's Republic of China, working with the administration on this one, to try to get the freedom of this United States citizen, who has been unjustly and cruelly taken by the People's Republic of China.  