Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Dornan bill which prohibits funding for the deployment of United States armed forces on the ground in the Republic of Bosnia.  Tomorrow the Presidents of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, and Serbia will sign the Dayton peace agreement which assumes the commitment of 60,000 NATO troops to implement its provisions. At least 20,000 of those troops will be American soldiers. Advance troops have already been sent into Bosnia, and the President has said that the troops are committed regardless of whether Congress grants its approval.  For 2\1/2\ years President Clinton turned his back on his campaign promises to take decisive action against the aggressors, and his administration further compounded the flawed policy--which had begun in the Bush administration--when it failed to focus, in a meaningful way, on the conflict and the atrocities, and the pleas of the Bosnian Government to permit the means to protect themselves. In fact, I introduced the legislation calling for the unilateral lifting of the embargo against Bosnia. A similar bill, the Bosnia and Herzegovina Self-Defense Act of 1995, was overwhelmingly supported in both the House and Senate. The President chose to veto the bill on August 11.  The Dayton agreement--with the commitment of troops embedded into its fiber--has become the President's answer to the dilemma in the former Yugoslavia. Mr. Speaker, the President left no alternatives for the American people and the Congress.  The President prematurely made commitments to send U.S. troops to Bosnia, first to enforce the Vance-Owen plan, then the Vance-Stoltenberg plan, then the Contact Group plan, then the evacuation of UNPROFOR, and now the Dayton agreement. The President raised the expectations of our allies as well as those of the parties to the conflict that American ground forces would indeed be deployed in Bosnia.  Mr. Speaker, I am not prepared to approve the deployment of our ground troops to this mission.  The White House asserts that failure to deploy ground troops would have serious consequences for our status as a leading force in the world. Perhaps, but any loss of prestige is a consequence the record shows of the President's hasty promise and eagerness to deploy U.S. ground troops to enforce any plan. The premature withdrawal of troops--either in response to military losses or simply in compliance with the convenient time frame set by the administration--without completing a realizable mission is damaging to the morale of the American military forces and the credibility of the United States. Questions remain about the agreement the troops are being sent to implement. Details about how and who will train and provide arms to the Bosnians are being provided piecemeal with the latest understanding being provided in a letter from the President. Will there be a clear delineation between the role of the NATO forces and the agreement's assurances of creating a climate conducive to elections, the return of refugees to their homes and reconstruction of the region?  The President has prematurely committed our troops without providing the Congress and the American people enough confidence that the military strategy has been thoroughly examined, defined and structured. Therefore, I feel I must vote in favor of H.R. 2707 prohibiting the deployment of U.S. ground forces to Bosnia.  