Mr. Chairman, I would just like to bring to the attention of the Members that one of the provisions that my good friend from Kansas strikes reads as follows: Funds would not be provided to any private, nongovernmental, multilateral organization until that organization certifies that it does not and will not, during the period for which the funds are made available, violate the laws of any foreign country concerning the circumstances under which abortion is permitted, regulated or prohibited.  I am astounded that my good friend would offer an amendment that tries to protect U.S. taxpayers from providing funds to an organization that would willfully and knowingly violate laws in a sovereign nation vis-a-vis its abortion policy.  There was a working group, a report on the working group that was put out by the IPPF federation, based in London, that had language that went like this in one of their recommendations: Family planning associations and other nongovernmental organizations should not use the absence of law or the existence of an unfavorable law as an excuse for inaction. Action outside of the law, and even in violation of the law, is part of that, is the process for stimulating change.  In other words, IPPF has admonished its affiliates to break the law. The Smith language that would be gutted by the gentlewoman from Kansas [Mrs. Meyers] said that if we give money to those organizations that violate the sovereign laws of nations, let me also remind Members, 95 to 100 countries around the world, including the overwhelming majority in our hemisphere, protect the lives of their unborn children from the violence of abortion. All of Central America, virtually, South America have laws or constitutional amendments on the books that protect their unborn children.  IPPF says violate those laws. It is right here in black and white as a recommendation from the IPPF based out of London. Mrs. Meyers would cut that.  I would like to ask the distinguished gentlewoman, why does she want to cut language that says, let us not violate the law of other nations?  