At the National Prayer Breakfast last year, Mother Teresa addressed thousands of political leaders, including the President of the United States, Bill Clinton. It seems to me no one can listen to Mother Teresa and not be moved to believe that this small, frail, and humble woman, in her stands a very powerful message of peace and hope and of love. She looked directly at the President of the United States and said, ``Please don't kill the child. I want the child,'' she went on. ``We are fighting abortion with adoption, by care of the mother and adoption of her baby.'' Mother Teresa said, ``The greatest destroyer of peace today is abortion, because it is a war against the child, a direct killing of an innocent child.''  She also went on to point out during her very lengthy comments that ``there is a linkage between abortion and other forms of violence. Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching its people to love, but to use violence to get what they want.'' That is why ``the greatest destroyer of love and peace,'' according to Mother Teresa, and I fully agree, ``the greatest destroyer of love and peace is abortion.''  Mr. Chairman, abortion is violence. I tried yesterday to point out to some of my colleagues the we need to strip away all of the euphemisms, all of the cover and the cloaking that is done, all of the clever marketing that is done by the abortion industry to conceal the compelling reality, the awesome and gruesome reality of abortion on demand.  Mr. Chairman, abortion methods include dismembering innocent children with razor blades and suction devices or injections of chemical poisons that are designed to kill the child. There is more research being done by some of the pharmaceutical companies to find stronger and more lethal doses, not healing, not chemicals that will provide healing for children, but those that will do the deed more efficiently by killing the unborn child.  Abortion on demand, and this, the Hoyer amendment, facilities abortion on demand, treats pregnancy as a sexually transmitted disease, as a tumor, a wart, a piece of trash to be destroyed. Yet, if any one of us have ever watched an unborn child's image on an ultrasound or a sonogram screen, you cannot help but be awed by the miracle of human life, by the preciousness of a child's being, and moved to pity by the helplessness and the vulnerability of that child. To see an unborn child turning and twisting, kicking and sucking his or her thumb while still in utero, it shatters the myth that the abortion industry so cleverly markets that we are merely removing some tissue or the products of conception, or some of the other dehumanizing words used to describe the unborn child. Peel away the euphemisms that sanitize abortion, and the cruelty to children and their mothers becomes readily apparent to anyone with an open mind.  Mr. Chairman, I have worked for 15 years as a Member of Congress on human rights. I worked with the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hoyer] on the Helsinki Commission, I am chairman of that commission, for religious freedom, trying to get dissidents out of prisons. I have been all over Europe, the People's Republic of China and other captive nations, but I would submit that the human rights issue of our time is the unborn child, the protection of those children, boys and girls who are routinely killed, some 4,000 each and every day in this country, and many millions more around the globe.  Before this amendment was in place, the U.S. Government paid for 17,000 abortions under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program. Then the Congress wisely moved in and said ``No, we ought not to be doing that. We ought to be protecting life, not taking it,'' and the language went in and was renewed each and every year during the 1980's and the 1990's, and we stopped this facilitation and funding of abortion on demand.  Seventeen thousand children, that is a lot of kids, a lot of boys and girls who will not be playing basketball or soccer or baseball or any other sport or any other kind of activity because their lives have been snuffed out.  Government ought to care for the innocent and weak. This amendment is antichild. I urge rejection of it.  