Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend for yielding.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this committee's proposal, and I am especially grateful for the work that Chairman Callahan and Chairman Livingston have done to establish a new child survival account. Since I have been in Congress, since the early 1980's, there has been a bipartisan effort to preserve and fence off money for immunizations and for oral rehydration money, which has literally saved millions of children because of that very modest investment.  I have witnessed during the 1980's two mass vaccination days in Central America and saw thousands of kids vaccinated against preventable diseases like diphtheria, tetanus, and other preventable diseases. Yet we find that millions of kids still die. We have still not brought the blessings of the child survival revolution to all those to whom we could bring it, and this account will go very, very far in trying to advance that, especially in times of budget austerity.  I would just remind Members that when we consider the authorizing bill, I had offered language that was accepted by the committee to fence off money, to earmark money, that would be used for child survival activities. It passed in a bipartisan way in committee, and a soft earmark has been retained on the floor of the House.  Let me just say why I think that is so important. When Brian Atwood testified before our committee 2 days before our markup, he said that a 30 percent cut in USAID's child survival program, and there was no cutting in the program, it was a cut in DA, would [[Page H 6255]] mean that more than 4 million children will likely not be vaccinated, greatly heightening their risk of death from severe illness.  He went on to say if there was a cut across the board in DA, development authority, that that would automatically translate into a cut for child survival. It is a matter of who manages the cuts.  Mr. Chairman, I think it is important for us to say we do not want to see any of these cuts. But if cuts have to be, children should come first.  I again want to salute the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Callahan] for making sure that children do indeed come first and are protected from cuts.  Mr. Chairman, foreign aid has its share of critics, and perhaps more than its share. This fact was reflected in our recently enacted foreign relations bill, which made significant cuts in foreign aid and was nonetheless subject to criticism in some quarters that it did not cut deeply enough. To some extent, the voters' distrust of foreign aid is warranted. In far too many cases, foreign aid has proved to be the ticket to the high life for corrupt bureaucrats in developing nations, while their people remain mired in poverty.  But let us be clear about what it is that people object to when they object to foreign aid. Everyone objects to corruption in the system. Many object to spending money on infrastructure projects in developing countries while money is running out for similar projects here at home. And many object to funding abortion and heavy-handed population control tactics. But what virtually no one objects to is the aid that goes directly to saving lives.  People are not skeptical about foreign aid because they believe that foreign aid has vaccinated too many children, fed too many starving people, or turned too many swords into plowshares. They are skeptical because they believe that foreign aid has paid for too many unnecessary government offices and limousines, or has been siphoned off by yet another corrupt politician. So the best political solution is also the best policy: accept the reality that resources are limited, cut the limousines, and save the food and medicine.  The intent of Congress in preserving child survival funds in an era of budget austerity is emphatically to save the funds for medicine, micronutrients, and vaccine. We intend to keep such funds from being siphoned off, either to luxurious perks, or to forms of foreign aid that lack a measurable positive impact on child morbidity.  Even in this age of advanced medical progress, this world still witnesses the preventable deaths of millions of children. We still have:  More than a million deaths per year due to measles, according to UNICEF.  Still over 100,000 cases per year of polio, despite large strides toward eradicating it, according to Dr. Jong Wook Lee of the World Health Organization.  Half of all child deaths are caused by either diarrhea or pneumonia, according to UNICEF. Yet these deaths are highly preventable: by early detection and antibiotics, in the case of pneumonia, and by oral rehydration therapy, in the case of diarrhea.  Furthermore, the World Health Organization reports:  Over a million child deaths per year from malaria; 17 million cases of river blindness and elephantiasis; 25,000 new cases per year of African sleeping sickness; 10-12 million case worldwide of leprosy, or Hansen's Disease.  Unfortunately, when Congress does not speak clearly enough on how the funds it appropriates for child survival are to be spent, they are sometimes spent in ways that do not put child survival first. In a hearing before the International Relations Committee earlier this year, Brian Atwood, Administrator of AID, told us that funds designated for child survival had been drawn down for emergency relief, while population funds had not been similarly touched. The operating assumption seems to be: population means population, but child survival means a general humanitarian fund.  Congress must state clearly that child survival means child survival--not population control or anything else. Whatever the proper place of family planning in U.S. foreign aid, it should not operate at the expense of child survival. Family planning implicates fundamental disagreements about morality, family life, and, in the case of abortion, about life itself. But child survival is something that all of us, on both sides of the population and abortion issues, can support. Child survival can and should bring us together, whatever battles we may need to fight over other issues.  Unfortunatly, the Clinton administration is conspicuously absent from this broad coalition in favor of putting children first. At a recent hearing, Mr. Atwood explained how he would manage the one-third cut in Development Assistance funding:  A 30-percent cut in USAID's child survival program would mean that more than 4 million children will likely not be vaccinated, greatly heightening their risk of death or severe illness from such preventable diseases as measles, whooping cough, and diphtheria.  But there is one fact that puts Mr. Atwood's remarks in an alarming light. Our bill does not cut child survival. It cuts foreign aid overall, while attempting to protect child survival. Mr. Atwood, it seems, was not expressing a fear--he was issuing a threat. He was saying, if you cut Development Assistance, we will take that cut out of child survival.  Mr. Atwood continued:  Oral Rehydration Therapy [ORT] prevents an estimated 1 million deaths a year due to acute diarrhea. Usage rates for ORT in all areas of the world have risen to 40-65 percent. Despite the steady growth in ORT use, 3 million children still die from diarrheal disease annually. A cut of 30 percent in child survival resources would likely mean at least 100,000 children's lives would be lost each year for lack of this cheap and simple treatment.  Chilling facts indeed--especially when you consider that such consequences could easily be avoided if USAID were to concentrate its Development Assistance cuts on something other than child survival.  This is why Congress must not send up language that gives USAID any leeway on child survival.  The Child Survival Account that the Appropriations Committee's bill would establish is a step in the direction of broadly supported humanitarian foreign aid. These funds will go, for instance:  Toward oral rehydration therapy, which saves more than a million lives a year;  Toward vaccination, so that the effective extinction of polio and measles can be brought about, as has already been done with smallpox;  Toward eliminating Vitamin A and iodine deficiencies, thereby preventing blindness, illness, and death for untold numbers of children in the developing world; and  To UNICEF, which has a long record of saving children's lives.  UNICEF's research shows us how far we have come--and how far we still have to go--in fighting childhood diseases and improving childhood nutrition. Consider the case of polio.  Worldwide estimates of polio cases have fallen from 400,000 in 1980 to just over 100,000 in 1993. But at the same time, there are still 68 countries where the polio virus is crippling children. Carrying out a vaccination program in places where outbreaks are still occurring can be expensive. Furthermore, the perception that polio is almost extinct makes it hard to generate the political will to make those expenditures, especially when other diseases seem to pose a much graver threat. Yet if the final extermination of polio is not achieved, the disease could mount a mighty comeback when a generation of unvaccinated children starts to grow up. Funds for UNICEF can help prevent this vicious circle from becoming a reality.  Consider measles. Not as terrifying as polio, perhaps--yet UNICEF estimates that it causes 1 to 2 million child deaths each year, and often leaves even its survivors with severe malnutrition. Like polio, measles can be eliminated--provided the funding for vaccination continues even after the disease becomes rare. In 1994, Indonesia held a national immunization day targeted at both polio and measles, but health authorities there had to scale it back to polio alone due to inadequate funds. Indonesia is therefore at greater risk of a resurgence of measles.  Consider child nutrition. Vitamin A is increasingly recognized as a low-cost way to reduce child mortality by between a quarter and a third in many developing nations. UNICEF calls vitamin A the most cost-effective of all interventions for children. One study showed that malnourished children with adequate vitamin A were less likely to die than well-nourished children who were deficient in vitamin A. Consequently, UNICEF is undertaking a campaign to promote the fortification of common foods with vitamin A, and to make vitamin capsules available in areas of acute need.  I have both high hopes and great fears about UNICEF. High hopes that it will continue as a pathbreaker in child survival projects, as it has done for decades. And great fears that it will veer from its core mission into areas such as family planning, which are dealt with by other U.N. agencies, and which tend to fracture the coalition that supports UNICEF.  Over the years, liberals and conservatives alike have bought UNICEF greeting cards, encouraged their children to trick or treat for UNICEF, and even supported larger and larger contributions over the years by the United States. Continuation of this unusual consensus is most unlikely if UNICEF ventures into the most morally landmined field in all of foreign aid.  The Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights, which I chair, will be holding oversight hearings on UNICEF. We hope and expect to find through these hearings that UNICEF has remained faithful to its [[Page H 6256]] core mission of fighting child morbidity and promoting child health. In that regard, I welcome the declaration on family planning that UNICEF makes in its 1995 report called The Progress of Nations. That declaration makes clear that under the division of labor that characterizes U.N. agencies, UNICEF's mission of improving the well-being of children and women is different from that of the agencies that promote family planning.  The core mission of UNICEF, and other important child survival activities, will be helped greatly by the child survival and disease program fund set up by this bill. This fund is foreign aid as it was meant to be. This Congress is making cuts, but it is not making them blindly or callously. It is cutting waste and extravagance, while preserving the heart of foreign aid. I commend the appropriators for their work, and I urge a ``yes'' vote on the foreign operations appropriations bill.  