Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the remainder of the time just to strongly urge Members to vote yes on this amendment. Those who would have preferred cash payments, that is not what is in the underlying bill. It is very likely not going to be an option.  On a dollar-for-dollar basis, empowering the States with the Flexibility we are saying the voucher is targeted to help assist the child, to help the mother who is the custodian of this voucher to provide the best available care. It is a modest amount of money.  I was one of those who led the effort when my Democratic Governor, Jim Florio, led the effort to stop the cash payments in New Jersey, and that is what sensitized me to this voucher to at least provide support to the children.  Mr. McDERMOTT. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the remaining time.  Mr. Chairman, I think what people need to understand is this is a fig leaf. After you slash in the rescissions bill the WIC Program to bits, then I get the gentlewoman from Washington standing up here and saying the WIC Program is a great program when she voted and all of the rest of you voted to slash that program.  The next thing we come to is food stamps. It is a voucher program but in this bill you want to get rid of it. Now this is a fig leaf on the issue of whether you are going to punish women who get pregnant. People who get pregnant are not doing it to get 25 extra bucks in the State of Texas. People are getting pregnant for a whole lot of reasons, but it is not because they want to get more money out of the system, and when you punish the woman you are punishing the kids. And there is no way around it.  This whole bill is directed at punishing children. And I say we ought to vote against this, and of course against the bill, because this bill is unfair to kids.  If you want to pick on adults you ought to pick on adults some other way, but not pick on adults and think you are not picking on kids. You are picking on them; you are going to hurt them. Anything that takes away in those first years what kids need hurts, stunts their development. You are going to pay for it in the long run. It is like the Fram commercial, you either pay for it up front or you are going to pay for it forever.  I hear all of those people talk about the costs of prisoners and prisons, $27,000, $30,000, $40,000 a year. You do not mind that because that is not in this year's budget. That is in about the year 2015 when you pick up this kind of stuff.  I say that this kind of punishment should not go on on this floor.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  