Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  The au pair program, which is reauthorized by S. 1465, is administered by the United States Information Agency, USIA, and it has been an effective means of giving young people from overseas an educational year in the United States and also providing hardworking American families with many hours per week of high-quality child care.  The au pair program is a win-win situation, and I believe it deserves to be reauthorized.  Several of our colleagues, Mr. Speaker, deserve very special credit for their persistent efforts to get this bill before us. I speak especially of the gentleman from California [Mr. Baker], who earlier this year appeared before our Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights and gave compelling testimony as to the value of this important program. I would also like to single out other strong proponents, including the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wolf], the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Davis], and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Moran], and, of course, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gilman], the chairman, and the ranking Democratic member, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hamilton], who are also strong proponents of this as well.  Mr. Speaker, this Congress has voted three times so far this year to reauthorize the au pair program, in the American Overseas Interests Act, which passed the House in June, the Foreign Operations Appropriations Act, and the Commerce, Justice and State Appropriations Act. Unfortunately, all three of these bills have been held up in the Senate or by the White House because of other issues, critically important issues, to be sure, but issues having nothing whatsoever to do with the au pair program.  The solution clearly is to pass a freestanding au pair reauthorization bill.  Mr. Speaker, the bill we are about to vote on has already been passed by the other body, and we are presenting this bill instead of an identical House bill so that we can get it to the President's desk immediately. The House bill was marked up Thursday in the Subcommittee on International Operations, and then the full Committee on International Relations took it up with a favorable recommendation later on the same day.  The bill has bipartisan support, and I hope it will have unanimous support of this Chamber.  Mr. Speaker, as I indicated, the Senate has already passed an identical bill. Hundreds of American families have been inconvenienced during the period since September 30 when the authorization for the au pair program inadvertently expired. This is a program we can fix today, and, as I said, the Senate has passed it, and I hope the President will sign it as soon as it crosses his desk.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  