Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for yielding time to me.  This vote poses two simple yet fundamental questions: First, when Congress encounters one of those rare questions on which the Federal judiciary has not mandated a proabortion policy, will we have the courage to stand for innocent human life?  Second, is it consistent with the mission of our Armed Forces, a mission that is justifiable only insofar as it is designed to save and protect human lives, to be deeply involved in the enterprise of killing unborn children?  Unfortunately, on January 22, 1993, our military hospitals were turned into abortion mills by the President of the United States when he reversed a well settled prolife policy. Since then, however, and I am glad to say, many of our courageous military obstetricians and nurses and anesthesiologists around the world have refused. I say again have refused to comply with that death order. They understand that their job is to be healers first and always. They regard it as inconsistent and hypocritical to heal innocent people in one room and kill them in the next. They know a house divided against itself will not stand.  By adopting the Dornan language, this House will take its stand with these healers, these true health professionals, and bear witness to their courage and vision. DOD hospitals and health care facilities will once again be institutions exclusively dedicated to healing.  The DeLauro amendment makes a false distinction based not on what happens in an abortion, not on who does the abortion, but on who provides the cash. This amendment says, in effect, that it is moral to tear a child limb from limb as long as somebody else is paying for it. It pretends that the United States is not really taking sides if it turns its hospitals into abortion mills, provided that they break even. This distinction is based on a fundamental misunderstanding of what is at stake here, of what is at stake in every single abortion.  Mr. Chairman, the law has a teaching function. It teaches by example. If the United States chooses to turn its military hospitals into abortion mills, it sends a powerful message to women and girls that abortion is not only a choice that they are allowed under the Supreme Court's decisions, but an acceptable choice. By taking its hospitals out of the abortion business, the United States can send the opposite message--a message of healing, of compassion, of justice for each person, born and unborn.  Each of us is called upon today to take a stand one way or the other: For life or for death. The DeLauro amendment attempts to tell us that we can be neutral on this question, but this is not one of the questions on which we can remain neutral. I urge my colleagues to choose life. Please vote ``no'' on the DeLauro amendment and ``yes'' on the Dornan amendment.  Vote ``yes'' on the Dornan amendment, ``no'' on the DeLauro amendment.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Engel].  