Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I support the general thrust of welfare reform and I sincerely commend the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Shaw] and the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Archer] for their efforts in [[Page H3518]] drafting legislation designed to end welfare as we know it.  Mr. Chairman, some of us, however, opposed the rule this morning because we fear certain provisions of this bill will encourage abortion. But there is at least one other danger, that these provisions will trap children in the very cycle of perpetual poverty that the bill seeks to end.  I am concerned that unless amended in some significant ways, H.R. 4 will have some very dire, albeit unintended consequences.  I admit that the family cap exclusion has enormous surface appeal. Many Americans are fed up with people being on the dole. Americans want the abuse of the system to end. But I fear that one purported remedy, a cap on assistance for any additional children born to a woman on welfare, will severely hurt the weakest and most vulnerable people in our society, children. No one wants to do that.  The two most predictable outcomes of the family cap child exclusion as written are the likely increase in the number of babies aborted by indigent women, many of whom will feel financially trapped and abandoned, and the further impoverishment of children born to women on welfare. Both scenarios are unacceptable.  Over the years, numerous studies have shown that money, or more precisely, the lack of it, heavily influences a woman's decision to abort her child. A major study that was done by the Allen Guttmacher Institute, a research organization associated with Planned Parenthood, found that 68 percent of women having abortions said they did so because they ``could not afford to have the child now.''  Among 21 percent of the total sample, this was the most important reason for the abortion. No other factor was cited more frequently as ``most important.''  Demographers have pointed out that ``young, poor and minority women are more likely to have abortions than older more affluent women even though these same groups are more likely to oppose the right to abortion.''  Seven in 10, 70 percent, of women with incomes of   less than $25,000 disapprove of abortion compared with 52 percent of the more affluent women. Yet the poorer women account for two-thirds, 67 percent, of the abortions.  One expert observed, ``Few would say that an abortion is a good thing, but many women who believe that abortion is wrong found themselves unable to support a child when they became pregnant.'' This information backs up the Goodmacher study as well.  The family cap in my view is likely to tip the balance for each poor woman who feels that society has no real interest in the survival of her baby. She will get a powerfully negative message that her child has little or no value, especially from those States like my own where Medicaid is available for abortion on demand.  Then one of two things will happen. The woman will have an abortion, or the family will descend further into poverty.  Mr. Chairman, the family cap child exclusion might present a close question if one could argue that the incremental payment for a new baby were really so high that it might encourage women and girls to get pregnant to have babies just to get welfare. But this concern simply evaporates when we look at the facts.  The facts are that the additional assistance per child varies from State to State. But the median is about $57 per month. Out of this, the mother must pay for the child's clothing, shoes, diapers and other baby supplies, laundry and bus fare for medical checkups.  According to statistics compiled by Catholic Charities, the low end cost for these items total about $88.50 per month, so the mother is $31.50 in the hole even before she begins paying for the child's other expenses. We simply mislead ourselves when we assume that this constitutes an incentive to have more babies.  Mr. Chairman, there is much about the welfare system that needs changing, much that does serve to trap people in the cycle of poverty and despair. But allowing the States to pay modest per child benefits is not one of those terrible things. On the contrary, it is a true safety net, a safety net against abortion under duress, a safety net against a descent further into poverty.  My amendment would allow the States to provide goods and services designed to assist the child, it targets it, and it does so in a way that is practical and is tangible.  Mr. Chairman, I do strongly hope that my colleagues will support this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  Mr. McDERMOTT. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, this is a very interesting amendment that the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Smith] brings forward. It raises a very interesting question. He spends a lot of time telling us that people do not have babies to get more money out of the welfare system. My understanding that this whole business of a cap is designed to deal with these people who say, ``You know, I need a few more bucks, I think I'll go have a baby.'' Anybody who would say a dumb thing like that has never had a child.  In Texas, you get a second child, you get $25. I think if you asked most women if it is worth going through having a child for $25, it is pretty hard to find anybody who would say that that is the reason why they have a child. Most people get pregnant not because they choose to a second time, failure of birth control, whatever, and the child is there. Then to say, well, let's give a voucher.  Why is it that you will give a voucher to them but you will not give them the public assistance to actually rent an apartment with an extra bedroom? You are not going to let them have any cash. You are going to say, ``Well, we know that you need diapers and we know that you need formula and we know you need these things.'' This is micromanagement of the very worst sort.  You say to the States, ``Here's your money. You decide what you are going to do.'' And then in this bill, you turn around and you want to start micromanaging down to the level of the number of diapers that a woman needs to buy for a child.  That in my opinion is precisely what you say you do not want to do but you wind up doing it and kids are the ones who suffer from this.  This whole idea that somehow children born to kids, and I say kids because they are under 18, that those children should not be affected, that they are somehow going to have the money taken away from them, or that they are not wedded to somebody, somehow we are not going to care for them is the guts of what is wrong with this whole proposal.  You have people here who are simply poor. Those people need some money to deal with the situation. But you are now saying, ``Well, we've put this cap on, it doesn't make any sense, but let's put a little provision in here for vouchers.''  I think despite the argument of the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Smith], if I were a young woman and I thought, ``Well, I've got one baby and I've got another one, now I'm pregnant, but I'm not going to have any money to take care of this kid, I think I'm going to get an abortion.'' What would prevent a woman from thinking that? Seems to me if she is halfway reasonable, she would say, ``Why not get an abortion? There's no way that I can take care of this kid. My parents don't have any money, I was raised in poverty,'' whatever.  We assume that all these children are going to go home to middle-class families making $75,000 a year, I guess.  When you do this kind of stuff, you are simply promoting abortion. Those of you who care about abortion and want to prevent it ought to be looking at this family cap business and all this chicanery that is in this amendment to try to avoid that issue are simply promoting that. I think that you ought to reconsider this and vote ``no'' on this amendment.  