Mr. Chairman, the criticisms that have been leveled against section 501, I believe, are misplaced. The Committee on International Relations carefully considered the objection and amended the reimbursement formula in an effort to ensure that funds would be available for true peacekeeping operations even after the offsets. We have received preliminary estimates from GAO of the amount of unreimbursed incremental chapter 6 peacekeeping expenses from fiscal year 1994. These are the only true peacekeeping expenses and the only ones for which legislation, as amended, would strictly require and offset. The total amount of these expenses is about $227 million. This is some $300 million less than the administration's budget request for peacekeeping in fiscal year 1996, and about $800 million less than the peacekeeping budget for fiscal year 1995, including the supplemental appropriation.  The remaining $1.5 billion in unreimbursed chapter 7 expenses for operations such as Desert Storm, Operation Deny Flight, and Uphold Democracy, which are more aptly described as peacemaking, would not require an offset provided that the President provided the necessary certification to Congress. In essence, this is a certification that the U.S. role in these operations was in its own strategic interest and not solely at the behest of the United Nations. As long as the United States remains prepared to contribute between $300 and $800 million per year to true international peacekeeping operations, it is inaccurate, and I would submit it is unfair, to say that we have removed peacekeeping as an option.  The second way in which the administration's criticism misses the mark is that it incorrectly assumes that the President would be required to certify in advance that we would unilaterally undertake the action in order to exempt it from the offset requirements. The administration then argues that if other nations knew the United States would undertake an operation of its own, there would be no need for them to cooperate in such inaction. This argument simply misreads the bill. There is no requirement that we act unilaterally, or even that we certify after the fact that we did act unilaterally, in order to avoid the offset requirement.  Rather, the President need only certify after the operation that it was the sort of operation that we would have undertaken in the strategic interest of the United States, even if we had been able to secure U.N. cooperation.  This formula, Mr. Chairman, leaves the President the flexibility he needs to protect the U.S. interests wherever he can certify in good conscience that such interests are at stake. Provided only that he can make such a certification, he need not fear that the cost of an operation will be offset against next year's peacekeeping budget.  Some of the proposed amendments would even go further, exempting practically everything from the offset, but that is something we did not have to deal with today.  Mr. Chairman, I ask for Members to vote against this amendment. I believe [[Page H1867]] that the underlying language is sufficient and will positively serve peacekeeping for the United States and our allies.  