Mr. Chairman, recent events in Somalia and elsewhere have raised serious questions about when, if ever, members of the United States Armed Forces should be commanded not by fellow Americans but by officials of the United Nations. The surrender of command and control may set a precedent for further diminution of American sovereignty, at a time when most Americans believe that too many decisions affecting their lives are already made by unaccountable institutions in faraway places.  I share these concerns. They are reflected and addressed in sections 401 and 402 of the National Security Revitalization Act, relating to command and control of U.S. forces.  Let us make some crucial distinctions.  First, this legislation would not interfere with U.S. participation in multinational military efforts. Such efforts have a long and honorable history in U.S. foreign policy. For instance, in World War I some 2 million Americans served under the ultimate direction of a great French general, Marshall Ferdinand Foch. In World War II, American units worked under British commanders in Italy, in Normandy, and in the China-Burma-India theatre of operations. In the post-war era several multilateral peacekeeping operations, including some under United Nations auspices, have included U.S. Armed Forces under the temporary and limited operational control of foreign officers. It is a dramatically different matter however, to take the step that has been the subject of recent discussion: that the United States should contribute its soldiers to a standing U.N. army whose commanders, whatever their own national origins, are part of the command structure of the United Nations itself.  It is important to note that sections 401 and 402 allow the President substantial flexibility to act in the national interest. They do not absolutely prohibit the President from placing U.S. forces under the command or control of foreign commanders in U.N. operations, or even under the command and control of the United Nations itself. Rather, they simply require the President to explain the necessity of such arrangements, and to assure the Congress that United States officers involved in the operation will retain sufficient authority to protect their forces and to prevent them from being used illegally or inconsistently with the terms of the [[Page H1887]] U.S. mandate. The requirement of advance certification by the President may be waived in an emergency. Finally, the requirements of sections 401 and 402 did not apply at all to specifically authorized by law. So, in effect, Congress can waive the reporting requirements of sections 401 and 402 whenever it discerns an emergency that makes this prudent.  The role of U.S. troops in U.N. operations is steadily expanding. A year ago we had 15 troops in the post-Desert Storm U.N. peacekeeping operation in Iraq, 29 in the Western Sahara, 647 in former Yugoslavia, 33 in Cambodia, and almost 2,000 in Somalia. Some of these operations have prevented bloodshed. The Somalia operation, which began as a genuine peacekeeping effort, was somehow allowed to become a war. It then claimed the lives of 26 Americans.  Sections 401 and 402 achieve a balance between the need to protect U.S. sovereignty and the need to give the President the necessary flexibility for handling international crises. Section (a) creates a presumption against the legality of placing any elements of our Armed Forces under the command or control of a foreign national acting on behalf of the United Nations. But this presumption is overcome if the President invokes the certification process that is announced in section (b), and for which section (d) gives the substantive requirements. The President is given 15 days before the start of the operation in question to certify to Congress that the operation is necessary to protect our national security interests, and that the arrangements of the operation are such that U.S. sovereignty will be protected. Furthermore, as I noted a moment ago, even this reasonable requirement does not apply when the operation in question is already authorized by law, or when the President certifies that he is acting in response to an emergency that precludes compliance with the 15-day rule just mentioned. In an emergency situation, the certification requirement detailed in section (d) is postponed until 48 hours after U.S. participation in the U.N. operations begins.  Section 402 amends the United Nations Participation Act so that U.S. participation in Security Council ``special agreements,'' as set forth in chapters VI and VII of the U.N. Charter, is subject to the same certification requirements as in section 401.  There must be clear rules governing the exposure of U.S. service personnel to mortal danger. Such exposure should be related to U.S. interests, and the extend and urgency of those interests should be determined by officials who are accountable to the people of the United States. This is not just the principle of sovereignty; it is also the principle of democracy. Sections 401 and 402 are designed to uphold these principles. They would prohibit commitments of U.S. troops only in cases where the President of the United States cannot or will not articulate to the Congress the justifications and the limitations of such commitments.  At U.N. headquarters in New York City, the flags of all the member nations fly proudly over First Avenue. No national flag is higher than any other, signifying that despite diversities of power, wealth, and territory, the principle of sovereignty means that every nation may deal equally with every other under international law.  One flag in front of the U.N. building does fly higher than the national flags: the flag of the United Nations itself. This signifies that in joining together to form the United Nations, the sovereign member states have recognized that the ideals of human rights, peace, and cooperation for which the United Nations stands may in some circumstances transcend national sovereignty itself.  Even a limited surrender of sovereignty, however, is fraught with risks. One of those risks is that this great international body whose flag flies higher than the others may someday cease to be the instrument of its member nations and become instead master of their policies--and increasingly of their destinies.  American participation in multinational military operations is, has been, and will remain a sound policy option for particular cases. But American participation in the standing armies of another power--especially a power that claims to supersede that of the United States--is an abdication of our sovereignty and a threat to the democratic values that our sovereignty ultimately protects.  