Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, a little over 3 months ago the House voted overwhelmingly on two important pro-life policies, these anticoercion policies contained in the Callahan motion.  First, we voted to condition our support for the U.N. Population Fund on an end to UNFPA support for the forced abortion policy of the People's Republic of China. In recent months, the government-imposed nightmare of forced abortion and involuntary sterilization in China has taken yet another turn for the worse.  Mr. Speaker, the brutal one-child-per-couple policy has been around since 1979. This means quite literally that brothers and sisters are illegal.  In February of this year, the government announced a new intensified campaign against women who attempt to have a child without explicit government permission. The arrogant leaders in Beijing have decreed children should not be born, so population control cadres march out in lockstep and they force abortions on these women throughout the country.  Yet, and I beg to differ with my good friend from California, the UNFPA continues to laud this program as a totally voluntary program. Nothing, Mr. Speaker, could be further from the truth. Dr. Sadik, from time and time again on national television and in various fora, is saying the Chinese program is voluntary. She is whitewashing, unfortunately, these heinous crimes against women and children. She has even recommended that the Chinese program be replicated and reproduced elsewhere around the world.  Unfortunately, we should be lampooning and bringing scrutiny to these terrible human rights abuses, rather than giving money to organizations that act as cheerleaders.  I was in Beijing, Mr. Speaker, when First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton gave an excellent speech on forced abortion. Unfortunately, she did not mention China, but everybody knew about whom she was talking.  We need to see the words matched with deeds. Unfortunately, rhetoric and condemnations are not enough. This kind of language, similar to what we had in effect during the Reagan and Bush years, will send a clear, unmistakable message that coercion has no place in family planning programs.  The other program or policy is the Mexico City policy, which simply seeks to erect a wall of separation between abortion and family planning. Again, the other side has suggested this is antifamily planning. Not true.  In effect since 1984, unfortunately repealed by Mr. Clinton, this program and policy sent money to groups, including International Planned Parenthood Federation affiliates who would sign on the dotted line that they would not promote abortion as a method of family planning.  If we are serious that these children who are killed by abortion have worth and are priceless and have value, it seems to me that we should be giving money only to those organizations that are truly committed to family planning and not those that have an agenda of promoting abortion globally as well as in this country.  Mr. Speaker, let me say finally, the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Callahan] has done an excellent job in crafting, as chairman of this subcommittee, language that is a compromise. We have given in on some points. The language before us, I think, should pass muster in the Senate, and we hope that the President--maybe not the first time, but sometime in the near future--will sign this into law, because it is right. Children have value.  Family planning is not reduced by a dime. By this language, it is conditioned only to those that promote family planning and not those that promote abortion.  