Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the Armenian genocide, which began 80 years ago, when the Ottoman Empire launched the first of this century's campaigns against an entire people. It has become traditional for friends of Armenia to mark this awful April anniversary with them, to demonstrate our solidarity and to express the determination never again to allow such a horror to take place.  Though April 24 is the date singled out to mark the catastrophe, the actual process of genocide took place over a period of years. During that nightmarish era, which lasted from 1915 to 1923, some 1.5 million Armenians were brutalized, tortured, massacred, starved, deported, and force-marched to death.  But, the Armenian spirit survived intact this ruthless assault. Steeled by adversity, many of the survivors came to the United States, where they could nurse their physical and emotional wounds, and begin their lives anew. The community of new arrivals prospered in America, contributing to our cultural development, enhancing our diversity, and influencing our political process.  American-Armenians never forgot their origins, or the horrific circumstances of the flight and exile from their native lands. The Armenian Apostolic Church has nurtured the spiritual growth and national consciousness of its flock. Armenian-Americans resolved to mark the atrocities and exile every year, to keep the memory of their relatives alive, not to let the world forget. And, they have consistently preached the message that what happened to the Armenians must never be permitted to happen again to anyone else. With this universal message, I--and other Members of this body--have often expressed our solidarity. I do so again today, in sorrow and in pride, with a strengthened sense of dedication, as I think about independent Armenia.  In commemorating the Armenian genocide, we mourn the dead and recall the suffering and sacrifice of the victims. Yet, we also reflect upon the heroic, moving odyssey of the Armenian people in modern times. During the 20th century, the Armenians have lived through their worst moment--the genocide--and their best, most exhilarating moment as well: the restoration of an independent Armenian state, after centuries of dreaming and struggle on behalf of that cause.  The people of independent Armenia have gone through very difficult times, coping with the consequences of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict, as well as a wrenching transition from Communist misrule to pluralism and a market economy. But throughout, the Armenian people have demonstrated the sturdiness of character and perseverance that have become their hallmark. Their spirit remains strong, despite the deprivations they have endured; their commitment to democracy, and to Armenian nationhood and statehood, has not faltered.  Thankfully, a ceasefire in the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict has been in place since May 1994. We all hope the ongoing multilateral talks in the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe will soon lead to a peaceful conference and a negotiated settlement. The survivors of the 1915 horror and their descendants could enjoy no better gift, all the more treasured for having been so hard-won, than peace and prosperity for a rejuvenated Armenia that will surely stun the world with its enterprise and success. Nor could the memories of the victims of 1915-1923 be better honored, a worthy goal for all of us to strive for, as we note this solemn anniversary.  