Mr. Chairman, the largely untold story concerning Mr. Clinton's unethical order of January 22, 1993, to turn DOD health care facilities into abortion mills is that military obstetricians, nurses, and anesthesiologists around the world adamantly refused--and continue to refuse--to comply with the death order.  In so doing, these men and women in uniform from Europe to the Pacific have demonstrated to use all that they are healers first and always, and that they regard it as inconsistent and schizophrenic with the role of healers to be butchers of innocent children.  Because of their deep convictions and reverence for human life, no one will ever say of them, when the injustice of permissive abortion is finally exposed, that they were just following orders.  The military doctors' steadfast refusal to inject children with hypodermic needle dripping with poisons or to dismember unborn babies with razor tipped knives hooked up to suction machines, only underscores how seriously these physicians regard the value, dignity, and integrity of each and every human life.  These medical people are healers. They are defenders of vulnerable kids who have been put at risk by the abortion culture. They recognize that the highest calling of their profession is to protect, nurture, safeguard all of their patients, including unborn babies.  In like manner, under the Dornan language, DOD hospitals and health care facilities, will once again be institutions exclusively dedicated to healing.  Unless you construe an unborn child to be a tumor or cyst--and pregnancy itself a disease--abortion on demand as authorized by the DeLauro amendment has no place at these facilities.  With each passing day, Mr. Chairman, more Americans are peeling away the myths and euphemisms that cloak and sanitize abortion and are instead recognizing that abortion is child abuse.  The coverup of abortion methods is over.  Today, hearings began in the Judiciary Committee on outlawing the gruesome partial birth abortion. In this method the abortionist delivers most of the baby's body, however, the skull is cut while still inside the woman, and the brain sucked out.  Here's how Dr. Martin Haskell, who boasts of having performed over 700 partial birth abortions, described the procedure at a National Abortion Federation seminar on second trimester abortion:       The surgical assistant places an ultrasound probe on the      patient's abdomen and scans the fetus, locating the lower      extremities. This scan provides the surgeon information about      the orientation of the fetus and approximate location of the      lower extremities. The tranducer is then held in position      over the lower extremities.       The surgeon introduces a large grasping forcep, such as a      Bierer or Hern, through the vaginal and cervical canals into      the corpus of the uterus. Based upon his knowledge of fetal      orientation, he moves the tip of the instrument carefully      towards the fetal lower extremities. When the instrument      appears on the sonogram screen, the surgeon is able to open      and close its jaws to firmly and reliably grasp a lower      extremity. The surgeon than applies firm traction to the      instrument causing a version of the fetus (if necessary) and      pulls the extremity into the vagina.       By observing the movement of the lower extremity and      version of the fetus on the ultrasound screen, the surgeon is      assured that his instrument has not inappropriately grasped a      maternal structure.       With a lower extremity in the vagina, the surgeon uses his      fingers to deliver the opposite lower extremity, then the      torso, the shoulders and the upper extremities.       The skull lodges at the internal cervical os. Usually there      is not enough dilation for it to pass through. The fetus is      oriented dorsum or spine up.       At this point, the right-handed surgeon slides the fingers      of the left hand along the back of the fetus and ``hooks''      the shoulders of the fetus with the index and ring fingers      (palm down). Next he slides the tip of the middle finger      along the spine towards the skull while applying traction to      the shoulders and lower extremities. The middle finger lifts      and pushes the anterior cervical lip out of the way.       While maintaining this tension, lifting the cervix and      applying traction to the shoulders with the fingers of the      left hand, the surgeon takes a pair of blunt curved      Metzenbaum scissors in the right hand. He carefully advances      the tip, curved down, along the spine and under his middle      finger until he feels it contact the base of the skull under      the tip of his middle finger.       Reassessing proper placement of the closed scissors tip and      safe elevation of the cervix, the surgeon then forces the      scissors into the base of the skull or into the foramen      magnum. Having safely entered the skull, he spreads the      scissors to enlarge the opening.       The surgeon removes the scissors and introduces a suction      catheter into this hole and evacuates the skull contents.  The coverup of the methods of abortion is over.  As included in the bill, Mr. Dornan's language honors these doctors and their profession and above all, safeguards both patients--mother and child--from the exploitation of abortion on demand. By reinstating the Reagan-Bush policy of prohibiting the use of DOD facilities for abortion on demand, this Congress can save precious lives--always a laudable goal. The DeLauro amendment guts the Dornan language and will allow Mr. Clinton to force DOD facilities to get involved in the grisly abortion business.  Reject the DeLauro amendment.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from California [Ms. Harman], a cosponsor of the amendment.  (