Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Hoyer amendment. Through vacillation, indecision, incoherence, and incompetence, the Clinton administration has allowed the situation in Bosnia to go from bad to worse. And let us not forget that the previous administration was in office when the arms embargo was imposed. During those years I was equally vociferous in my opposition to the imposition of the arms embargo.  Beyond the deepening humanitarian disaster, 200,000 civilian killed while half of the population have been forced to become refugees--the worst humanitarian crisis in Europe since World War II. There have been over 20,000 rapes. The United Nations and NATO have found themselves very much undermined through this process. But the loss of life obviously is our overriding concern.  As Chairman of the Helsinki Commission, I just left a hearing where Bosnian Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic made a very, very convincing and compelling case to lift the arms embargo. He has done this before with equal eloquence, but some of his comments today should be heard by every Member of this Chamber and every American. He said, ``We face extinction; our people are dying, each and every day,'' while the United Nations and NATO, but especially the United Nations, talks about more talks with people like Milosevic and others who are war criminals, and frankly thugs.  Developments on the ground in Bosnia underscore the utter failure of the international community to come to terms with the armed aggression and genocide that has been perpetrated by the Bosnian Serbs against the people of Bosnia.  Let me say, Mr. Speaker, we hear over and over again that we do not want to see escalation of the fighting in Bosnia. Nobody wants to see that, but there are an estimated 200,000 Bosnian government forces who want to take up arms, but there is only one rifle for every three soldiers. They cannot defend themselves. Mr. Speaker, everybody should remember and be mindful of the fact that when the breakup of the former Yugoslavia occurred, the military capability and the might of Yugoslavia fell into hands of the Serbs, placing the Bosnians and the Croats at a great disadvantage. When an arms embargo was imposed, one side had all the guns, all the MiG's, all the heavy artillery and the tanks; the other side had nothing but broom handles and sticks. Again, that is why the continued imposition of the arms embargo is so immoral.  Dr. Silajdzic said, and I thought it was very well taken, that the arms embargo is illegal, immoral, and after 3 years it is inhumane. The policy of containment has done nothing to stop armed aggression and genocide. The arms embargo has rewarded aggression.  And let me make another point that I think is very important. The Prime Minister said again today as he has said before, as President Izetbegovic has stressed, the Bosnians do not want American troops, they do not want British troops, they do not want French troops. They want to exercise their right to defend themselves, as any sovereign nation would want, especially in the face of aggression and genocide.  On the U.N. rapid reaction force, he said it is a more robust status quo. The U.N. peacekeepers are not even safe and they have the modest ability to defend themselves, but certainly the civilians who are killed each and every day by sniper fire and shelling are anything but safe.  The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wolf] mentioned earlier, that he and I have been to that part of the world--we have seen the devastation. We were in Vukovar together. Shortly thereafter, we met with Milosevic, who denied that attacks in the city had resumed. We saw Serb MiG's fly over Vukovar with our own eyes, yet he denied it. We saw the tanks and devastation and that has continued year in and year out, and we have done nothing to stop it. There is bipartisan support for this effort to lift the arms embargo. The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hoyer] and I and others have had hearings, we have looked in the eyes of the women raped as a part of this genocide, and we were absolutely moved to tears. It is unconscionable that we will not allow Bosnia--a sovereign state--to defend itself. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the Hoyer amendment in keeping with Bosnia's inherent right to self defense under the U.N. Charter.  