Mr. Chairman, I rise today to thank National Security Chairman Spence and Subcommittee Chairman Bateman for their support of my amendment regarding the Defense Reutilization and Marketing Service [DRMS] based at the Federal Center in Battle Creek, MI.  In the last several years, DRMS has vastly improved the efficiency of its operations, which involve the reuse and sale of military surplus goods. In the 1994 fiscal year, DRMS increased its revenues by 85 percent and its profits by 11 percent, while cutting its costs by 4 percent. These improvements have continued into the 1995 fiscal year. In fact, the Michigan Legislature recognized and commended the achievements of DRMS in a resolution passed on May 31, 1995.  This week, a provision of H.R. 1530 proposed the total privatization of DRMS, ignoring the fact that some areas of privatization would actually cost taxpayers money. My amendment proceeds with privatization in those areas where savings are likely in DRMS. Fortunately, with the help of many fine people connected with DRMS at Battle Creek, MI, we were able to document the selective privatization program and those areas run by DRMS employees that have, for the first time, started making money.  I would like to take this opportunity to recognize and thank some of those who took leading roles in the effort to amend H.R. 1530. I would like to thank the leaders of DRMS and DLA, Navy Captain Hempson [DRMS] and Admiral Straw [DLA]. I also want to express my appreciation for the support of Dan McGinty, DLA's congressional liaison.  I want to thank the employees of DRMS both for the excellent work they have done and their efforts working with me on this amendment. In particular, I would like to recognize the efforts of Gary Redditt and Angie Disher, the union representatives at DRMS.  Mr. Chairman, our goal is to increase the efficiency of all Department of Defense operations and privatize in those areas where taxpayer dollars can be saved. DRMS is meeting this goal. Similar efforts must be made across the whole Government. Once more, let me say once more to DRMS and its employees, job well done.  