Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2099, the VA, HUD, and independent agencies appropriations bill.  As vice chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, I am especially pleased that, under this bill, the VA will experience a $159 million increase over fiscal year 1995's levels. The Appropriations Committee is to be commended for asserting that, even in these times of fiscal restraint, our Nation's veterans deserve quality health care and equitable compensation for their service to our country.  The VA's medical care account will be increased by over half a billion dollars from last year. The compensation and pension program will see a $23 million increase from fiscal year 1995. Funding for readjustment benefits, which assists former service members in getting acclimated to civilian life, will increase over $50 million.  Mr. Speaker, New Jersey's veterans will be greatly assisted by this appropriations bill. Included in the funding for minor construction projects are two programs--a geriatric patient care program at the Lyons VAMC and a low vision center at the East Orange VAMC--which will bring immediate relief to thousands of New Jersey veterans who previously were forced to travel out of State for these types of care.  I will be working with Veteran's Affairs Chairman Stump to ensure that report language endorsing these initiatives--along with an outpatient cancer chemotherapy center at the East Orange VAMC--is included in our construction authorization bill to be marked up later this year.  I have also been working with the New Jersey Department of Military and Veterans Affairs in an attempt to secure funding for a replacement State nursing home located in Menlo Park, NJ. We have gone through a grueling application process and are encouraged that Menlo Park will be at or near the top of a priority list of deserving applicants. Because the Appropriations Committee funded the Grants for Construction of State Extended Care Facilities Program at last year's equitable level, we can be assured that sufficient funds will be available to fully fund those projects deemed most worthy.  I would like to thank Chairman Lewis for all his hard work on this spending bill. It is fair to veterans, while still being mindful of the Nation's fiscal realities.  I urge my colleagues to support the bill.  