Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 927, the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity Act.  Cuba is one of the few countries in the world in which the struggle against totalitarianism has not yet been won. Because of the proximity of Cuba to the United States and the historically close relationship between the peoples of our two nations, it is especially important that this victory come sooner rather than later.  In evaluating all proposed legislation, administrative action, and diplomatic initiatives with respect to Cuba, it is important to keep several principles in mind:  First, such actions must be calculated to emphasize the status of the Castro government as a rogue regime with whom the civilized nations of the world should have no dealings. The 1994 and 1995 Clinton-Castro immigration agreements, which represent the clearest manifestations of the Clinton Administration's policy toward the Castro regime, fail this test miserably. They have enhanced Castro's international prestige as well as his domestic power. Now we hear that some within the Administration would like to give this brutal regime an even longer lease on life by making further diplomatic overtures. The Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity Act of 1995 would restrict the ability of this administration or any other administration to make such a mistake.  Second, our actions must be calculated to hurt the Castro government, not the Cuban people. Again, the 1994 anti-refugee agreement was a terrible mistake. It gave the Castro government just what it wanted: an end to the longstanding United States policy to accepting people who escape from Cuba. The agreement specified that Castro was to use ``mainly persuasive methods'' to keep people from fleeing Cuba. The United States thereby accepted moral responsibility for whatever forms of persuasion he should choose to employ. The harsh conditions now being imposed on the refugees in Guantanamo--especially the requirement that they can only apply for refugee or legal immigrant status if they first return to Castro's Cuba--are another victory for the Castro government.  An economic embargo presents more complicated moral and practical problems. There is no question that an embargo imposes short-term economic hardship on innocent people. It is therefore justifiable only if it is genuinely calculated to bring a speedy end to the regime that is the real source of their suffering. An embargo is far more likely to have this effect if it is respected by as many nations as possible. Again, the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity Act would help, by denying certain benefits to non-U.S. entities that evade the embargo.  Finally, we should make it clear that Cuba will receive a warm welcome back into the family of free and democratic nations. The provisions of the Cuban Liberty and Democracy Act that provide for transitional support of a free democratic government during the immediate post-Castro period will help to send this message.  Mr. Chairman, it is important that we remember just what kind of regime we are dealing with. I hope that my colleagues, in casting their votes on H.R. 927, will bear in mind that the Castro regime is the No. 1 violator of human rights in our hemisphere.  According to the State Department's Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 1994, ``Cuba is a totalitarian state controlled by President Fidel Castro,'' who ``exercises control over all aspects of Cuban life * * * .'' According to the Country Reports, among the more serious human rights violations by the Castro regime during 1994 were the following:       The authorities were responsible for the extrajudicial      killing of dozens of people.       In two separate incidents, government vessels rammed and      sank boats used by citizens to flee the country * * * . [O]n      July 13, government vessels fired high-pressure water hoses      at the tugboat Trece de Marzo * * * . They then rammed and      sank the boat. * * * Approximately 40 [people], including      children, drowned.       [T]he Government continued to employ ``acts of      repudiation,'' which are attacks by mobs organized by the      Government but portrayed as spontaneous public rebukes,      against dissident activity.       The Government also metes out exceptionally harsh prison      sentences to democracy and human rights advocates whom it      considers a threat to its control.       [P]olice and prison officials often used beatings, neglect,      isolation, and other abuse against detainees and prisoners      convicted of political crimes (including human rights      advocates) or those who persisted in expressing their views.       Gloria Bravo, a member of the Association of Mothers for      Dignity, had scars on her neck, chest, and arms from deep      gouges made by long fingernails and welts on her back from a      whipping.       In September Minister of Higher Education Fernando Vecino      Alegret affirmed that commitment to the revolution, including      a willingness to defend the revolution in the streets, was a      condition for admission to the university.       Citizens have no legal right to change their government or      to advocate change.       The Government does not allow criticism of the revolution      or its leaders.       * * * The Communist Party controls all media as a means to      indoctrinate the public.       [R]eligious persecution continues.       The Government has ignored calls for democratic reform and      labeled activists who proposed them ``worms'' and traitors.  The decision on whether to embrace or isolate the Castro regime raises the question of what role human rights and basic decency are to play in our foreign policy. For American values and for the freedom of the Cuban people, please vote yes on H.R. 927.  