Mr. Chairman, I rise today to voice my strong support for the provisions of the pending legislation which squarely addresses the issue of NATO expansion. At the outset let me dispel the notion that this section would somehow hamstring the administration's foreign policy--assuming it has one. Nothing in the National Security Revitalization Act mandates NATO membership for any country or group of countries. Changes in the membership of NATO are determined on the basis of consensus among the Alliance's member states as stipulated under article X of the North Atlantic Treaty, a point reaffirmed in the pending legislation and known to Members on both sides of the aisle.  The crux of the matter is how best to consolidate and build upon the fundamental political changes which have occurred in many of the countries of central Europe, the Baltics, and some of the New Independent States of the former Soviet Union. On the security front, a veritable no-man's-land has emerged between Germany and Russia following the demise of the Warsaw Pact, and the ensuing moves toward democracy and market economy by many in the region.  The Clinton administration, like the one before it, has been slow to move to fill this vacuum. Mr. Chairman, this has been a source of great consternation to the emerging democracies of the region, who rightly view it as a source of potential instability. I think my colleagues would agree that the Partnership for Peace initiative, launched by the administration a year ago, has failed to fill this void.  The National Security Revitalization Act provides a reasonable framework for addressing these concerns consistent with U.S. interests in ensuring stability in Europe. It lists a variety of criteria, such as respect for democratic principles and human rights enshrined in the Helsinki Final Act, against which to evaluate the suitability of prospective candidates for NATO membership. In addition, it establishes a program to provide the emerging democracies with the necessary tools to facilitate their transition to full NATO membership, which, as I pointed out earlier, will ultimately be up to the current members to decide.  Given the broad range of our political, economic, and security interests in Europe, strengthening new free markets and democracies in that region benefits the United States. Two of the most prominent members of the foreign policy establishment, Henry Kissinger and Zbigniew Brzezinski, are ardent supporters of the timely expansion of NATO.  [[Page H1883]] Kissinger sees the existing vacuum as a threat not only NATO cohesion but the very existence of NATO as a meaningful institution. ``NATO expansion,'' he observed, ``represents a balancing of two conflicting considerations: the fear of alienating Russia against the danger of creating a vacuum in central Europe * * *.'' ``A wise policy,'' he counsels, ``would proceed with membership for the Visegrad countries [Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, and Slovakia] and reject a Russian veto.'' Dr. Kissinger concluded, ``NATO cannot long survive if the borders it protects are not threatened while it refuses to protect the borders of adjoining countries that do feel threatened.''  Brzezinski recently urged NATO to formally declare its ``criteria for expansion and indicate which countries appear to meet them. This would end the counterproductive debates with Russia over whether NATO should expand. The longer this step is delayed, the more vociferous Moscow's objections are likely to be.''  Mr. Chairman, this is precisely the purpose of title VI of the National Security Revitalization Act.  Rather than dodging the issue of NATO expansion, as it has largely done to date, the Clinton administration, should move on the membership issue before more time is lost. But that requires leadership. We must seize upon today's opportunities which could be gone tomorrow. A steady and deliberate course of action is one thing, obfuscation, which has characterized the Clinton administration's approach to date is another.  Russia, perhaps sensing a certain timidity within the administration, has sought to block NATO expansion. It is instructive to recall that the Soviet Union vehemently opposed German membership in NATO in 1955 and attempted to deny unified Germany's continued participation in the Alliance. A democratic Russia has nothing to fear from a defensive alliance founded on democratic principles. It would be foolhardy and dangerous, as Henry Kissinger rightly pointed out, to give Russia a veto over NATO expansion. And, as Dr. Brzezinski observed, failure to act now will only make matters worse.  Our approach to NATO expansion is steady and deliberate, not the sketchy and indecisive path proposed by some.  Some are critical of the fact that four countries--Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, and Slovakia--are mentioned as leading candidates for NATO membership at some point in the near future. This reference is a testament to the great strides which these countries have, in fact, made since the fall of communism. It neither ensures their membership nor precludes others from joining. It does not, as some claim, arbitrarily lock in advantages from some countries. Instead of fostering complacency in these countries as some warn, the reference should serve as an incentive for continued progress as those named should be subjected to more, not less, scrutiny as they move toward membership in NATO. The reference is simply an acknowledgement of the fact that reform in the region is uneven. Rather than serving as a discouragement, this should spur others to redouble their efforts if they are seriously interested in pursuing NATO membership.  Mr. Chairman, my endorsement of an expanded NATO should not be read as a failure to understand that each of the countries considered here has residual problems with its transition to democracy. On the contrary, I believe that NATO membership, and the integration and cooperation with Western countries it entails, increases the opportunities for addressing outstanding concerns. There are, in fact, specific areas where I believe the United States should weight in to seek further reform. As Chairman of the Helsinki Commission, I am very much aware of need for further progress in these and other countries in the region. I believe the Czech citizenship law, for example, is deeply flawed and should be amended; the newest Slovak government has signaled in word its commitment to continuing reform, but has yet to follow through in many specific areas where reform has been slow or altogether lacking thus far, and the Hungarian government would do well to lead by example in improving its relations with many of its neighbors.  Mr. Chairman, nothing in the pending legislation diminished the fact that each candidate will be individually judged on its own merits on a case-by-case basis.  It is also instructive to recall that this is not the first expansion of NATO. In 1952 Greece and Turkey acceded to the North Atlantic Treaty joining the 12 NATO countries in common security system. The Federal Republic of Germany joined the Alliance in 1955 and in 1982, Spain also became a member of NATO. Besides its contribution to collective security in Europe, NATO has served as an important vehicle for bolstering democracy among its members as these cases demonstrate.  Finally, critics assert that the course we have proposed could lead to instability in Europe. Mr. Chairman, one thing is clear: continued ambiguity and foot-dragging will not enhance European security but will, as Kissinger and Brzezinski point out, be counterproductive. The National Security Revitalization Act, provides a much needed action plan for seizing new opportunities as NATO and its members face new challenges.  Given the implications for our own national security, the future of NATO demands our immediate attention.  