Mr. Chairman, why all these abortion votes and debates on appropriations bills? It is precisely because unless we affirmatively and explicitly prohibit funding for abortion in a myriad of Federal programs, like the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program, abortion will be paid for with tax funds. The simple fact of the matter is that the abortion industry is like a lamprey, a leech, draining taxpayer funds from the Federal Treasury unless specific language precludes its use.  The underlying bill language offered by the gentleman from Iowa, Chairman Lightfoot, halts the flow of taxpayer funds for this program, and I congratulate him for his courage and very sensitivity to women and children in doing this.  Two earlier speakers suggested that this debate is not about abortion, but surely it is. However, that line of argument has been used in the past when the Hyde amendment was up, it was about economic equity for poor women vis-a-vis rich women. When the D.C. bill came up, it was the home rule question. When the DOD bill comes up, it is military health care.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment is about abortion. Prior to its inclusion back in the early 1980's, the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program paid for 17,000 abortions. That is a lot of children who have died.  Mr. Chairman, children are not property. Children are not objects. I applaud the feminists when they say women should not be treated as objects. But where is the consistency when the pro-abortion feminists turn around and say unborn children can be reduced to per sona non grata, to someone who can be killed, boys and girls, at will?  The Hoyer amendment would fund the deed of abortion, and that is why I think it is so crucial to realize that we are part of that. We are actually paying for the deed if Members were to support the Hoyer amendment. And the abortion methods are gruesome, literal dismemberment of an unborn child, chemical poisoning of children, injections of poisons. Not injections of medicines that are designed to safeguard, help, and nurture the child, but poisons that have only one intent--destroy the baby, bring on labor, and produce that child.  Some years ago I met a young lady, my wife and I, by the name of Nancy Jo Mann, that is her real name, from Iowa. She had a perfectly legal abortion at 5\1/2\ months. She talked about it at great length before a House committee. She said, ``Once they put the saline in, there is no way to reverse it. For the next hour and a half, I felt my daughter thrash around violently while she was being choked, poisoned, burned, and suffocated to death. I did not know any of this was going to happen. I remember telling my baby, I didn't want to do this. I wished that she could live, and yet she was dying. And I remember her very last kick on her left side. She had no strength left. I tried to imagine us dying that kind of death, a pillow put over us, suffocating. In 4 minutes we would pass out. We would have the fight of passing out. It took her an hour and a half to die.''  The Hoyer amendment, make no mistake about it, will fund chemical poisonings like the one that killed Nancy Jo Mann's baby. That is what this is all about, funding the deed. I urge rejection.  