Mr. Chairman, I rise to address the issue of corporate welfare. As we eliminate the fat from the federal budget, we should recommit ourselves to making sure all projects and programs are closely examined--not just the politically easy ones.  The Export-Import Bank (Eximbank) subsidizes loans and loan guarantees to American exporters. These corporate welfare subsidies have been appropriated $787 million for 1996.  The experts agree; Eximbank should be abolished.  The Congressional Budget Office makes the following observation:       Eximbank has lost $8 billion on its operations, practically      all in the last 15 years;       Little evidence exists that the bank's credit assistance      creates jobs;       Providing subsidies to promote exports is contrary to the      free-market policies the United States advocates.  The Congressional Research Service writes that:       Most economists doubt that a nation can improve its welfare      over the long run by subsidizing exports;       At the national level, subsidized export financing merely      shifts production among sectors within the economy, rather      than adding to the overall level of economic activity;       Export financing subsidizes foreign consumption at the      expense of the domestic economy;       Subsidizing financing will not raise permanently the level      of employment in the economy. . . .  The Heritage Foundation recommends Congress ``close down the Export-Import Bank.''  Heritage further states:       Subsidized exports promote the business interests of      certain American businesses at the expense of other      Americans;       Little evidence exists to demonstrate that subsidized      export promotion creates jobs--at least net of the jobs lost      due to taxpayer financing and the diversion of U.S. resources      into government-favored export activities at the expense of      non-subsidized businesses.  According to Heritage, phasing out subsidies will save 2.3 billion over 5 years.  The Director of Regulatory studies at the Cato Institute calls the subsidy activity of Eximbank ``corporate pork.'' He stated, ``Even in the face of unfair international competition, the U.S. government doesn't have a right to use tax dollars to match equally stupid subsidies.''  Eximbank's financial statements show that the bank has paid $3.8 billion in claims from 1980 to 1994. These dollars paid off commercial banks who couldn't collect from foreign borrowers. American taxpayers took the hit.  Export financed by Eximbank actually hurt competitive U.S. exporters not selected for subsidies. The bank chooses winners and losers in the economy. The only winners are selected foreign consumers and selected U.S. corporations.  The Eximbank is a prime example of corporate welfare. The majority of Eximbank subsidies go to Fortune 500 companies that could easily afford financing from commercial banks:  Boeing--over $2 billion worth of loan guarantees  McDonnell Douglas--$647 million  Westinghouse Electric--$491 million  General Electric--$381 million  At&T--$371 million  To raise funds for its lending and guarantee programs, Eximbank puts additional pressure on Treasury borrowing, driving up interest rates for private borrowers. That's all of us. From a corner barbershop wanting to expand to a young family trying to finance their first home. We all pay the price.  Sadly, there's more.  Eximbank appears to have wasted money on frivolous items as well. After 50 years with the same agency logo, Eximbank decided it needed a new one. Designing a new logo--including creation, copyright search, and the redesign of bank brochures and literature--cost nearly $100,000 last year.  And in 1993, Eximbank spent $30,000 to train 20 employees how to speak in public--including chairman Kenneth Brody. An outside consultant was paid $3,000 a day for this task.  Mr. Chairman, I believe government shouldn't choose winners in the economy. With Eximbank, the big winners are foreign consumers, large corporations and professional speech coaches. The losers are American taxpayers.  Mr. Chairman, it's time to derail this gravy train.  