 President, tomorrow, I intend to call up an amendment which will be cosponsored by Senators Bunning, Feingold, and Menendez. This is a very simple amendment, couldn't be simpler. What the amendment is about is that when taxpayers of this country, the American citizenry, put at risk trillions of dollars which go to large financial institutions, they have a right to know who is receiving that money. That is about it, not more complicated.  Earlier this year, Doug Elmendorf, the Director of the Congressional Budget Office, told the Budget Committee that the Federal Reserve has committed nearly $2.3 trillion in taxpayer dollars to deal with the financial crisis. You have no clue, I have no clue, and nobody in America has any clue where that money went, who got it.  It seems to me that right here on the floor of the Senate I have been involved in long, heated debates about whether we spend $20 million on this and $30 million on that. These debates go on forever. Yet when we are prepared to place at risk through the Fed $2.3 trillion, I guess the American people don't have a right to know who is getting that money.  Interestingly, if you go to your computer and you go to the appropriate Web site, you can find out, appropriately enough, which financial institutions and other corporations have received TARP funds. I voted against those bailouts, but the truth is, if you want to know how much Citigroup has gotten, if you want to know how much Bank of America has gotten, there it is. It is in black and white, as it should be. But you will not know and you do not know which institutions received $2.3 trillion.  Earlier this month, I had an opportunity to ask Ben Bernanke, the Chairman of the Fed, about this issue when he testified before the committee. At this hearing, the Chairman told the Budget Committee that since the start of the financial crisis, the Fed has provided loans to ``hundreds and hundreds of banks.'' But Mr. Bernanke declined to name any of these banks, how much assistance they provided to each bank, or what those banks are doing with this money. What the Federal Reserve needs to understand is that this money does not belong to them, it belongs to the American people. It is literally mind-blowing that trillions of dollars have been placed at risk--by whom, for what, going to whom? We don't know.  I hope we have strong bipartisan support for this amendment which simply begins the process of asking for transparency at the Fed, which is probably the most secretive institution in Government.  During the markup of the budget resolution last week, I offered an amendment with Senators Bunning, Feingold, and Menendez--all of whom serve with me on the Budget Committee--to create a deficit-neutral reserve fund to provide increased transparency at the Federal Reserve. Due to some concerns raised by the Parliamentarian, this amendment was modified and passed the Budget Committee by a voice vote.  The amendment I will be calling up tomorrow is more specific in terms of what type of transparency the Fed should be providing. The Sanders-Bunning-Feingold-Menendez amendment simply puts the Senate on record that the Federal Reserve should publish on its Web site--just as the Treasury Department does with TARP funding--comprehensive information about all of the financial assistance it has provided under the lending facilities it created to deal with the financial crisis since March 24, 2008. What we ask specifically is--and believe me, I don't think the taxpayers in this country are asking too much when they get this information--No. 1, the identity of each business, individual, or entity that the Fed has provided financial assistance to; No. 2, the type of financial assistance provided to that business, individual, or entity; No. 3, the value or amount of that financial assistance; No. 4, the date on which the financial assistance was provided; No. 5, the specific terms of any repayment expected; No. 6, the specific rationale for providing that assistance; and No. 7, what that business, individual, or entity is doing with this financial assistance.  In addition, this amendment also puts the Senate on record in support of providing the GAO with the tools and authority it needs to conduct an independent audit of the Federal Reserve--something I know Senator Bunning, among others, has been trying to accomplish for several years.  This is a very simple amendment. It is a very important amendment. Anyone who believes in transparency in Government should be supporting it. I hope and expect we are going to have support from both sides of the aisle--from progressives, from conservatives. This really is a commonsense amendment that the American people deserve to see passed.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  