 Tomorrow it is expected that the Social Security Administration will announce that for the first time in 35 years, seniors will not be receiving a COLA. Based on the formula that by law they are obliged to use, they came to the conclusion that there is no inflation for seniors and, in fact, the prices for seniors have declined.  In my view, the current formulation for determining Social Security COLAs is wrong in terms of the needs of seniors because it does not accurately take into account their purchasing needs. In other words, if you are 19 years of age and you buy a laptop computer or an iPod or a new cell phone, the likelihood is that prices may well have gone down over the last year. On the other hand, most seniors are not buying iPods. What they are buying is prescription drugs and health care needs, and those costs have gone up.  I have long argued and when I was a Member of the House I introduced legislation with a whole lot of support to develop a separate index for seniors. Be that as it may, where we are right now is that the Social Security Administration will announce tomorrow a zero COLA.  I have some very good news. I have introduced legislation, and I and a number of us have urged the President to be cognizant of the fact that in the midst of this terrible economic recession, we just cannot turn our back on seniors. Many seniors are not only paying increased costs for prescription drugs and for their health care needs, they have seen a decline in their pensions. They have seen a significant decline, in many cases, in the value of their homes. Some have lost their pensions. Basically, we cannot say to them right now that we are not going to reach out and try to help you in whatever way we can.  I am very happy to announce that just this afternoon, President Obama will be supporting support for senior citizens. He will be supporting a $250 payment to disabled veterans and those people who are on Social Security, some 50 million Americans in all. I applaud the President for not turning his back on seniors.  In his announcement, the President says:       Even as we seek to bring about recovery, we must act on      behalf of those hardest hit by this recession. That is why I      am announcing my support for an additional $250 in emergency      recovery assistance to seniors, veterans, and people with      disabilities to help them make it through these difficult      times. These payments will provide aid to more than 50      million people in the coming year, relief that will not only      make a difference for them, but for our economy as a whole,      complementing the tax cuts we've provided working families      and small businesses through the Recovery Act.  That is the statement President Obama is about to release. I thank the President for his support.  Obviously, the ball now comes to our court, and we have to move it forward. I think that in these hard times, when so many seniors are worried about how they are going to pay for their medicine, how they are going to pay for their health care, how they are going to pay to heat their homes in the wintertime, how they are going to take care of other basic needs, it is absolutely imperative we not forget about them.  I applaud the President for his action, and I look forward to working with Members of Congress to pass this legislation as soon as possible.  Madam President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  