 President, when Republicans controlled the White House, the Senate, and the House, they had the opportunity to do something about the health care disaster in America. From 2000 to 2008, some 7 million Americans lost their health insurance. Where were the Republicans? During that same period, health care costs soared in America. Small businesspeople found themselves unable to provide health care to their workers.  Where were our Republican friends? I am delighted they are down on the floor every single day criticizing an effort to try to improve the situation. But it might have been a little better if they were here 8 years ago, bringing forth their ideas. But they were not.  Having said that, let me suggest that in the midst of this health care crisis, in which 46 million Americans have no health insurance and health care costs are soaring and, as the President indicates, that will double in 8 years if we do nothing, at a time when 45,000 Americans this year will die because they don't get to a doctor when they should, when close to 1 million Americans are going to go bankrupt from medically related bills, we need real health care reform.  That is something that I, and I know many other Members in Congress, have been fighting for for years. More than anything, I wish to see us pass strong health care reform. I must express a disagreement with some of my colleagues on the Democratic side, who think we are on the 2-yard line, we are almost there. I don't think so. I think there are a number of problems that remain in this legislation that have to be resolved. I wish to touch on a few of them.  One of the parts of this legislation is that, finally, we are going to add some 30 million Americans to health care insurance. That is a good thing. About half of them will be added to an expanded Medicaid--a huge expansion of Medicaid. But here is my concern. Right now, our primary health care system is extremely weak. Everybody knows we don't have enough primary health care doctors. We know that Medicaid, today, is on wobbly legs as it tries to take care of the people who access that program. I am not quite sure how you add 15 million more people to Medicaid if you don't have a primary health care infrastructure to accommodate their needs.  In this regard, I have fought very hard for authorization language in the Senate to greatly expand community health centers and the National Health Service Corps, for which we will train and make sure that we have the primary health care doctors, dentists, and nurses we need, desperately need.  In the House bill, there is language introduced by Representative Clyburn, supported by the Democratic leadership, that would provide $14 billion over a 5-year period to expand community health centers, enable tens of millions more to access health care, and make sure we have the primary health care doctors and dentists we need.  It would be a cruel hoax to tell people they now have health insurance--Medicaid or another program--but not create a situation by which they can get into the doctor's office. I fear that may happen. I am going to fight as hard as I can to make sure we have the primary health care infrastructure we need. That means, in the Senate, adopting the language that currently exists in the House bill for $14 billion over a 5-year period--money which, according to a variety of studies, will pay for itself as we keep people out of the emergency room and keep people from getting sicker than they otherwise should be and ending up in a hospital. This makes a lot of sense. Community health centers have had wide bipartisan support. We have to support the House language.  On another issue, I found it interesting that my friend from Kansas, a moment ago, was denouncing the United Kingdom's health care system, denouncing socialized medicine, single payer. Well, I got a little confused by my Republican friends, who have been in Congress, saying: We love Medicare. My word, do we love Medicare. We are very angry that those Democrats are trying to cut back on that.  Republicans who, year after year, wanted to privatize Medicare, this week they love it. If they love it so much, why don't they join us in trying to expand Medicare and address some of the problems in Medicare? Let's work together.  Last week, we were criticized, but now, I guess, the tune has changed a little. Get your act together, my Republican friends. Either you continue the line you have had for many years about detesting Medicare because it is a single-payer health care program, a government health care program--that is what it is, a single-payer government health care program. You have been on the floor defending it all week long, until a couple days ago.  I support Medicare. In fact, what I believe and am fighting for is a Medicare-for-all, single-payer program because, at the end of the day, I disagree with many on this side of the aisle. I think, at the end of the day, the only way you are going to provide comprehensive universal health care to all Americans, in a cost-effective manner, is through a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system, which ends the hundreds of billions of dollars of bureaucracy and waste engendered by the private insurance companies.  One of my concerns, as we seem to be hurtling down the finish line, is I don't know who is going to be able to offer amendments. I have an amendment that speaks to what millions of Americans want, including the Physicians for a National Health Program--17,000 doctors, mostly primary health care doctors but not exclusively. They want to see this country have a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system. I understand I am not going to get very many Republicans supporting that amendment--or any Republicans. I also understand I will get few enough Democrats supporting that amendment. In the years to come, we are going to have a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system. I want that debate on the floor of the Senate. I have offered an amendment and I want to have that debated. I don't need 20 hours or 5 days. I would love to discuss that issue with my Republican friends.  Democrats, I think it is an amendment that has a right to be offered and it should be. I understand that will not pass. I will tell you what could pass and what could have Republican support, it is the provision I have been working on that at least says that in our Federalist system, where each State learns from other States, at least give States the option. If the Governor or the legislature wants to go forward with a single-payer model; maybe it works, maybe it doesn't work. I have the feeling if one State--whether it is Vermont, California, Pennsylvania, States that have strong single-payer movements, a lot of support for that concept--if one State does it well, then other States will be saying we want the same thing. It is a cost-effective way to provide comprehensive health care to all our people.  I want to touch on another issue, where I think my colleagues in the Senate are wrong and my former colleagues in the House are right. This is an issue the occupant of the chair has worked on with me. We held a press conference this morning. It is to understand this legislation is going to cost between $800 billion and $1 trillion.  How do you get the money? Well, the Senate bill contains a tax on health insurance benefits. I think that is wrong. I think that is regressive. It is called a tax on Cadillac plans. Given the soaring cost of health care in America today, what may be a Cadillac plan today will be a junk car plan 5 years from now. Millions of Americans are going to be forced to pay taxes on their health care benefits or else their employer will cut back on those benefits, and they are going to have to pay out of their own pockets. That is wrong. It is a regressive and unfortunate and unfair way to raise the revenue we need.  Our friends in the House did the right thing. They said that millionaires should be asked to pay a little bit more in taxes to make sure we expand health care coverage in this country. I support what our friends in the Senate and the House did, and I disagree with what is in the Senate bill. There will be a poll coming out this afternoon in which 70 percent of the American people, as I understand it, disagree with the tax onhealth care benefits. They understand that is a tax on the middle class.  Let's be clear. We are in a terrible recession now. Working families are struggling. It is wrong for us to propose a tax on health care benefits, which in a few years will be impacting millions of middle-class workers. We should follow what the House has done and say to people at the top--millionaires who have received huge tax breaks under President Bush--that they have to pay a little bit more in taxes so we can provide health care to all our people.  There is a lot in the bill in the Senate that makes a lot of sense to me. I congratulate Senator Dodd and Senator Baucus and all those people and their staffs who have worked so very hard on this bill. We have 31 million more people who will get insurance. There is insurance reform dealing with preexisting conditions. We made progress in disease prevention. There are a lot of good things in it.  I want to be very clear: I do not think we are at the 2-yard line. I think a lot of work has to be done to improve this bill. We need to, as I mentioned a moment ago, make major improvements in primary health care. We need to change how we fund many parts of the expansion of insurance and do away with the tax on health care benefits. We have to give States the option, the flexibility to go forward with a single-payer system if that is what they want to do.  Also, I hope very much that this afternoon we will vote and adopt the reimportation prescription drug legislation championed by Senator Dorgan. It is an absurdity in this country that we remain the country that pays by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. When I was in the House, I was the first Member of Congress, as I understand it, to take Americans over the Canadian border. Back then--10, 15 years ago--women were able to purchase the breast cancer drug Tamoxifen for one-tenth the price they were forced to pay in the United States. I know the drug companies are very powerful. I know they have a lot of influence in this institution. But I hope we can do the right thing and provide affordable medicine to all Americans through reimportation. And I hope we can adopt that amendment.  I did want to say I have some very serious concerns about this legislation, and I hope they will be addressed in the coming days and weeks. I very much want to be able to vote for this bill, but I am not there now, not by any means.  I yield the floor.  