 I wish to congratulate him for bringing forth a very important piece of legislation.  Clearly, if we are going to begin to address the crisis in our financial institutions, we need the manpower to go out there and do the investigations. We do not have it and this legislation does that.  I wished to say a few words in the midst of this debate on an issue. I am not bringing forth an amendment, but I did wish to say a few words on that; that is, in my office--I suspect in every Senate office--we are being deluged with e-mails and letters and telephone calls expressing outrage at the high interest rates people all across this country are being forced to pay by these very same financial institutions we are in the process of bailing out.  What is going on now is that while we spend hundreds of billions of dollars bailing out our friends on Wall Street, and while they receive zero interest loans from the Fed, what they are saying to the American people is: Thanks very much for the bailout. We are going to raise your interest rates from 15 to 20, to 25, to 30 percent. Pure and simply, that is called usury within Biblical terms. In fact, that is immoral. That is the type of action we should be eliminating right now.  I have introduced legislation which is very similar to the type of legislation that regulates credit unions right now. We would have a maximum interest rate of 15 percent, with some exceptions going to 18 percent, so the American people who are now on under great financial stress, who are buying groceries with their credit cards, who are buying clothes for their kids with credit cards, who are paying for college expenses with their credit cards, are not forced to pay 25 or 30 percent interest rates.  What I would like to do, rather than relate what I believe, is read a few of the e-mails I have received from the constituents. We are receiving a lot of them. Let me read one that comes from the northern part of our State. It says:       I, like so many others, am appalled at the hikes in credit      card rates. Everywhere in our small town of Montgomery      everybody is talking about the latest surge in interest      rates. People who are never late in payments have seen their      rates climb overnight. I, for one, used to overpay on my      payments but can't afford to now. In addition, I am a      founding member of a small agricultural co-op and we have a      shop and studio. Today we found out that the charge for using      credit cards has increased. How are people supposed to buy      things when small businesses can't afford to process credit      cards and people can't afford the interest rates if they use      cards? No one has any money for anything anymore. 