 I have offered an amendment to do that. I am delighted Senator Brown and Senator Franken and Senator Begich, who is not here, and Senator Burris, who is also not on the Senate floor, are in support of that amendment, as I think the vast majority of the American people are.  Madam President, this bill is going to cost some $800 billion to $900 billion, and the American people want to know where that money is going to come from. Is it going to come from the middle class whose incomes in many ways are shrinking, who have lost their jobs, are having very serious financial problems, or is it going to come in a more progressive way?  The amendment that we are supporting would simply say we will get rid of the 40-percent excise tax on health care benefits above a certain limit and move toward a more progressive way of funding, which is close to what exists in the language in the House.  Essentially, what we would be doing is addressing the fact that the so-called Cadillac plan is not a Cadillac plan because in a relatively few years, millions of workers with ordinary health care benefits are going to be impacted by that. According to a major health care consultant, the Mercer Company, this tax would hit one in five health insurance plans by the year 2016--one in five. The Communications Workers of America have estimated that this would cost families with a Federal employees health benefit--Federal employees with a standard plan with dental and vision benefits--an average of $2,000 per year over the 10-year course of this bill.  So what this issue is about is do we sock it to the middle class again, with the heavy tax that over a period of years is going to impact more and more ordinary families, or do we say that at a time when we have the most unequal distribution of wealth and income, when President Bush gave huge tax breaks to the wealthiest people, that maybe we ask people who have a minimum income of $2 million a year to start picking up their fair share?  I yield to my friend from Ohio.  