 President, needless to say, I am encouraged by the commitments Mr. Gensler made to me to regulate hedge funds, to make sure banks are not allowed to manipulate the price of heating oil and crude oil, and to prevent the enormous conflicts of interest that exist with respect to our energy markets, among many other things.  In addition, last week the Obama administration introduced a comprehensive plan to--for the very first time--significantly regulate credit default swaps and other over-the-counter derivatives. Exempting these investments from regulation was a huge mistake that led to the $180 billion taxpayer bailout of AIG, the collapse of Lehman Brothers, and greatly contributed to the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression.  Last March, I and a number of other Senators asked the President to support strong regulations on these risky investment schemes. The President's proposal accomplishes many--not all but many--of the goals we have been advocating. While this plan is not as strong as I would have written and may have loopholes in it that need to be closed, I believe we are headed in the right direction to make sure a financial crisis of this magnitude never occurs again.  As a result of the greed, the recklessness, and the illegal behavior of Wall Street, our country has been thrown into a deep recession which has caused intense suffering for millions of our people. We need to end the current era of financial deregulation which largely caused this crisis and move to a new Wall Street which understands the need for long-term productive investment and job creation rather than short-term profits, outrageous salaries, and a bubble economy. We need to break up financial institutions that are too big to fail. If a company is too big to fail, that company is too big to exist. We should do the same thing to the banking industry that Teddy Roosevelt did to break up the oil companies. And we should stand up today, on behalf of the American people, to our modern-day robber barons. Most importantly, we need to end the era of deregulation that has led to the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression.  While I am still not convinced that Mr. Gensler is the independent leader we need at this time to head the CFTC, the strong commitments he has made recently in support of serious regulations of the financial industry lead me to believe he now understands the direction we as a nation have to go. Mr. Gensler certainly is a knowledgeable person and he has the ability to do a very fine job if he is willing, in fact, to stand up for the American people and assume the courage, the great deal of courage, he will need to stand up to the very powerful financial institutions which have so much control over what goes on here in Congress. In fact, this may be Mr. Gensler's ``Nixon in China'' moment.  I hope this turns out to be the case, and I look forward to working with Mr. Gensler as he assumes the Chair of the CFTC.  I yield the floor.  