 President, let me begin by thanking Senator Casey for his consistent efforts in fighting to make sure that every American has good-quality, cost-effective health care. He has been a leader and I congratulate him.  Mr. President, I wish to touch on some of the health care issues that are out there and tell you what I think is positive in the bill we are dealing with in the Senate and tell you what I think is not so positive.  To begin with, as Senator Casey has aptly described, we have a system which, in many ways, is disintegrating. It is an international embarrassment that in the United States of America, we remain the only Nation in the industrialized world that does not guarantee health care to all its people as a right. The result of that is, some 46 million Americans today have no health insurance. Even more are underinsured, with large copayments and deductibles.  We have some 60 million Americans today who, because of our very poor primary health care outreach network, do not have access to a doctor on a regular basis. The result of that is, as incredible as it may sound, according to a recent study at Harvard University, some 45,000 people die every single year because they do not get to a doctor when they should. As a result, by the time they walk into a doctor's office, their illness may be terminal. In addition to that, God only knows how many people end up in a hospital, at great expense to the system, because they did not get care when they should have.  Meanwhile, as Senator Casey indicated, bankruptcy is an enormous problem because of our health care system. Close to 1 million Americans this year will be going bankrupt because of medically related bills. Furthermore, when we talk about economic growth in America, all of us understand that small businesses, medium-sized businesses are plowing an enormous amount of money into health care for their workers rather than reinvesting that money and expanding their operations and creating the kind of jobs we need as a nation in the midst of our very deep recession.  We have a major problem. At the end of the day, despite so many people uninsured, underinsured, so many people dying because they do not get health care when they need it, so many people going bankrupt, we end up spending almost twice as much per capita on health care as any other nation.  It is clear to me and I think it is clear to the vast majority of the American people that we need real health care reform. What real health care reform must be about is at least two things. No. 1, providing coverage to all Americans as a right of citizenship and, No. 2, doing that in the most cost-effective way we possibly can.  To my mind, quite frankly, there is only one way that I know of that we can provide universal, cost-effective, and comprehensive health care for all our people, and that is a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system. Very briefly, the reason for that is we are wasting about $400 billion every single year on administrative costs, on profiteering, on advertising, on billing--all in the name of profits for the private insurance companies that have thousands and thousands of separate plans out there, creating an enormously complicated and burdensome system. With each one of their thousands of plans, if you are young and do not get sick and are healthy, they have a plan for you. If you are older and you get sick, they have another plan for you. There are 1,300 private insurance companies with thousands and thousands of plans, and to administer all of this costs hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars.  That is money not going into doctors--we have a huge crisis in primary health care physicians--not money going into dentists. Many areas, including Vermont, have a serious dental access problem. That is money not going to nurses. We have a nursing shortage. This is money going into bureaucracy, profiteering, and salaries for the CEOs of insurance companies. It is going into inflated prices for prescription drugs in this country. As a nation, we pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.  To my mind, as a nation, what we have to finally deal with is that so long as we have thousands of separate plans, each designed to make as much money as possible, we are not going to get a handle on the cost of health care in America.  In the bill we are now talking about in the Senate, we have to be clear that the projections, according to the CBO, are that, everything being equal, over a 10-year period, the cost of health care for most Americans is going to continue to soar. That is the reality. This is bad not only for individuals, not only for businesses, this is bad for our international competitive capabilities because we are starting off from the position that today we spend much more than any other country. Guess what? While this bill does a number of very good things, it is not strong on cost containment.  If we are going to try to improve cost containment--and I wonder how much we can do within the context of this particular approach to health care without being a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system--at the very least, we need a strong public option. We need that for two reasons. First of all, there is widespread mistrust of private health insurance companies for all the right reasons.  Most Americans understand that the function of a private health insurance company is not to provide health care; the function is to make as much money as possible. People do not trust private health insurance companies, and they are right in terms of their perceptions.  People are entitled to a choice. If you want to stay with your private health insurance company, great, you can do it. But as many people as possible in this country should be able to say: You know what, I am not comfortable with a private insurance company. I would rather have a Medicare-type plan.  Poll after poll suggests that the American people want that public option. That is point No. 1, freedom of choice. People should have that choice. If they do not want it, that is fine.  Point No. 2 may be even more important, if we are going to get a handle on exploding health care costs, somebody is going to have to rein in the private insurance companies whose only function in life is to make as much money as they possibly can. We need a nonprofit, government-run public plan to do that. If we do not have that in this bill, I am not sure how we are going to get any handle on cost containment.  I will fight to make sure we have as strong a public option as we possibly can. As I have said publicly many times, my vote for this legislation is not at all certain. I have a lot of problems with this bill. We have to have at least, among other things, a strong public option.  Let me tell my colleagues something else I think we have to address in this bill. As I mentioned a moment ago, we have a disaster in terms of primary health care in America. Some 60 million Americans are finding it difficult to get to a doctor on a regular basis, and that is dumb in terms of the health and well-being of our people. It is also dumb in terms of trying to control health care costs.  If somebody does not have a doctor they can go to when they get sick, where do they end up? They end up in the emergency room, and everybody knows the emergency room, by far, is the most expensive form of primary health care. Yet millions of people have no other options. They end up in an emergency room. If they have a bad cold, Medicaid may pay $500 to $600 for their visit to the emergency room. That is totally absurd.  Furthermore, if you have a primary health care physician, that person can work with you on disease prevention--helping you get off cigarette smoking or helping you with alcohol, a drug problem, a whole myriad of issues in terms of good prevention, good nutrition. That we have a disaster in primary health care which is driving people to the ER makes no sense at all.  As I mentioned the other day, there is a provision in this legislation in the Senate which authorizes a very significant expansion of federally qualified community health centers which, in a nonpartisan way, a bipartisan way is widely supported by, I suspect, almost everybody in the Senate and in the House as well.  These community health centers today allow 20 million people to access not only good, quality primary health care but dental care, which is a hugeissue all over this country, mental health counseling, a very big issue, and low-cost prescription drugs.  The problem is, while the community health centers today do an excellent job, there are not enough of them. So in this legislation, we have greatly expanded community health centers. If we as a Congress are talking about bringing 13, 14, 15 million more people into Medicaid, I am not quite sure how a struggling Medicaid Program is going to accommodate those people, unless we provide the facilities and the medical personnel to treat them.  We need this. We need to expand primary health care. Community health centers are the most cost-effective way I know how to do that. There are studies that suggest providing that primary care, keeping people out of the emergency room, keeping them out of the hospital because they have gotten sicker than they should have gotten, we can, in fact, pay for these community health centers over a period of years by simply saving money.  In the Senate, we have very good language authorizing an expansion. In the House, they have similar language, except in the House they have a trust fund which actually pays for this. I am going to do my best to make sure we adopt the House language, which pays for, through a trust fund, a substantial increase in community health centers and, in addition, a very significant expansion of the National Health Service Corps, which is a Federal program which provides debt forgiveness and scholarships for medical students who are prepared to serve in medically underserved areas in primary health care.  We desperately need more primary health care physicians, nurses, dentists. That is what the National Health Service Corps does. My hope is the Senate will adopt the House provision to greatly expand the National Health Service Corps and the Health Service programs. That is an issue that is very important to me.  Let me touch on another issue, which is clearly going to be contentious; that is, at the end of the day, we are going to be spending on health care somewhere around $800 billion to $1 trillion. The American people want to know a couple of things. They want to know: Is this going to raise our national deficit? What CBO tells us is, no, it will not. More money is going to come in than goes out. There will be savings incorporated in the legislation, and that is a good thing. We have a $12 trillion national debt, and we do not want to add to that.  But people are also asking how are you going to raise the money? How are you going to pay for this? Where does the $800 billion to $1 trillion come from? Here is where we have a bit of differences of opinion.  In the House, I think they have, once again, done the right thing. What the House has done is raise $460 billion, with a surcharge on the top three-tenths of 1 percent of taxpayers. These are the wealthiest people in this country. What the House has said, quite appropriately, is that at a time when the gap between the rich and everybody else is growing wider and at a time when the top 1 percent earn more income than the bottom 50 percent, it is appropriate, especially after all of President Bush's tax breaks, to ask the wealthy to start paying their fair share of taxes so we can provide health insurance to tens of millions of Americans. That, in my view, is exactly the right way to go.  Unfortunately, in the Senate, we have not done that. What we have chosen to do in the Senate is to raise about--I do not know the exact number--but we have chosen to impose an excise tax of 40 percent on so-called Cadillac plans. The problem is, given the substantial increase in health care costs in this country, a Cadillac plan today in 5 or 10 years may be a junk car plan.  I believe with a struggling middle class, with people desperately trying to hold onto their standard of living, the last thing the Senate wants to do is impose a tax on millions and millions of working people who have fought hard to get a halfway decent health care plan.  Let me very briefly read from a fact sheet that came from the Communications Workers of America. CWA is one of the largest unions in this country. Similar to almost every union, they are strongly opposed to this excise tax on health care benefits. This is what they say. I read right from it. This is a document from the CWA:       The U.S. Senate will soon vote on legislation that would      tax CWA-negotiated employer health plans. The tax will be      passed directly onto working families. To avoid the tax,      employers will try to significantly cut benefits for active      workers and pre-Medicare retirees.       How the House Benefits Tax Works.       A 40-percent excise tax would be assessed on the value of      health care plans exceeding $23,000 for a family and $8,500      for an individual starting in 2013. (Levels are higher for      pre-Medicare retiree plans and high-risk industry plans--     $26,000 and $9,850.)  And here is an important point. Because while people may not have to pay this tax in a couple of years, with health care costs soaring, they will have to pay this tax in the reasonably near future.  Quoting from the CWA document:       These ``thresholds'' would increase at the rate of general      inflation, plus 1 percentage point, or 3 percent. This is      well below the medical inflation rate (4 percent) and about      half the rate (6 percent) at which employer and union plan      costs have been increasing.  In other words, the cost of health care is rising a lot faster than inflation, which today is almost zero. It may actually be below zero, the point being that in a number of years, so-called Cadillac plans are going to reach the threshold upon which middle-class workers are going to be forced to pay a lot in taxes.  Let me go back to the CWA now. They write:       Health Benefits Tax Will Hit CWA--  And they are talking about many union workers here.     --CWA-negotiated Plans Hard and Result in Deep Cuts. In 40 of      43 states examined over 10 years (2013-2022) the average      excise taxes assessed on each worker in CWA's most popular      plans will be: $13,300 per active worker in the family plan.  That is for a 10-year period, $13,300.       $5,800 per active single worker, $13,600 for pre-Medicare      retiree in the family plan, and $4,400 for pre-Medicare      retiree in the single plan.  The bottom line is that the middle class in this country is struggling. We are in the midst of the most severe recession since the Great Depression of the 1930s. People are working longer hours for lower wages. The middle class is on the verge of collapse. The Senate should not be imposing an additional tax on middle-class workers. The House got it right; the Senate got it wrong, and I intend to offer an amendment to take out this tax and replace it with a progressive tax similar to what exists in the House.  Let me conclude by simply saying this: I understand that the leadership wants to move this bill forward as quickly as possible. I understand that. But in my view, we have a lot of work in front of us to improve this plan. Among many other things--many other things--and I know other Members have different ideas--at the very least, States in this country--individual States--if they so choose, should be able to develop a single-payer plan for their States. Because at the end of the day, in my view, the only way we are going to provide comprehensive, cost-effective, universal care is through a single payer.  I know some people are saying: Well, we are dealing with health care, we are not going to be back for a long time. If this bill were passed tomorrow, trust me, we would be back in a few years, because health care costs are going to continue to soar. Winston Churchill once said: ``The American people always do the right thing when they have no other option.'' And I think that is what we are looking at right now. We are running out of options.  What we have put together is an enormously complicated patchwork piece of legislation. It is going to help a lot of people. It involves insurance reform, which is absolutely right. We have a lot of money into disease prevention, which we should have. There are a lot of very good things in this bill. But it is not going to solve, in my view, the health care crisis. Costs are going to soar. If we don't have the courage as a body to take on the insurance companies, to take on the drug companies, at the very least let us give States--whether it is Vermont, Pennsylvania, California, or other States--the right to become a model for America; to provide health care to all people in a cost-effective way through a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system. We have to do that.  The other thing we have to do, in my view, is to get rid of this tax on the middle class by taxing health care benefits. Mr. President, you will recall that a year ago we were in a highly controversial and difficult Presidential campaign. One candidate, who happened to have lost that election--a Member of the Senate, Senator McCain--came up with a plan that was exactly--or very close to it--to what we are talking about today. Then-Senator Barack Obama, who won that election, came up with a different plan, because he said that wasn't a good idea. Well, how do you think millions of American workers are going to feel when they say: Wait a second, the guy who won told me he was against taxing health care plans, and now we are adopting the program of the guy who lost. How do the American people who voted in that election have faith in their elected officials if we do exactly what we said we would not do?  So I believe we have to move toward a progressive way of funding this health care plan. As I stand here right now, this plan has a lot of good stuff in it, but there are a lot of problems in it. I very much look forward to the opportunity to be able to offer a number of amendments to strengthen this bill. It is very important to the people of Vermont and to people all over this country that not only I but the Presiding Officer and other Members have a right to offer amendments. Because if this bill gets whizzed right through, and is not as strong as it possibly can be, I think we will not have done the job we need to do.  Mr. President, with that, I yield the floor.  