 President, as an Independent, let me try to give an independent assessment of where we are--which ain't easy, because this is a 2,000-page bill and different people have expressed different thoughts about it. I know my Republican friends are down here on the floor every day telling us that the world as we know it will rapidly come to an end if this legislation is passed, and yet I want to say to them: Where were they for 8 years? Where were they during the 10 years of President Bush? Some 7 million Americans lost their health insurance, health premiums soared, and tens of thousands of people died every single year because they couldn't get to a doctor. Where were they? It is very easy to be critical, but it might have been a good idea if 5 or 6 or 8 years ago they were down here before the crisis erupted to the level it is right now.  This bill, in my view, is far from perfect, and I am going to talk about some of the problems I have with it, but I also want to very briefly outline some of the real assets, positive provisions that are in this legislation. It is not insignificant that this bill provides insurance for 31 million Americans who have no insurance. That is a huge step forward for our country. It is not insignificant that this legislation provides for major health insurance reform, finally outlawing some of the most outrageous behavior patterns of the private insurance companies--practices such as denying people coverage for preexisting conditions, behaviors such as not renewing health insurance because somebody committed the crime the preceding year of getting sick and running up a huge bill. It eliminates caps on the amount of money that people need. Well, you know what, if people need cancer surgery, it is expensive, and you can't tell them there is going to be a cap on what they receive. This bill, importantly, says to families with young people that young people will get coverage until they are 26 years of age. That is a very important provision. All of those are very important steps forward.  Having said that, let me also mention that this bill is strong on disease prevention. 