 President, I now wish to speak in support of S. 386, the Trade Enforcement Recovery Act. I commend Senator Leahy, my colleague from Vermont, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, for introducing this important piece of legislation.  As a result of the greed, recklessness and, in my view, illegal behavior of a handful of executives on Wall Street, we are suffering today from the most severe economic crisis that we have experienced since the Great Depression.  Millions of people have lost their homes, their jobs, their life savings, their ability to send their kids to college, and their sense of hope that their children will follow the American dream and have a higher standard of living than they do.  It is critical that we provide the FBI, the Justice Department, and all our Federal agencies the tools and resources they need to hold those responsible for the financial crisis accountable and throw those who engaged in fraud in jail where they belong. That is what the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act is all about. It is imperative we pass this bill as soon as possible.  Under President Bush, the Federal Government basically turned a blind eye to white-collar crime. After September 11, about 100 FBI white-collar fraud investigators had their job responsibilities shifted to focus on terrorism, which is understandable. But the problem is, they were never replaced to do and continue the work on white-collar crime. As a result, literally thousands of allegations of financial and mortgage fraud are going unexamined this day.  Chairman Leahy's bill will turn this abysmal situation around by providing the resources necessary for the FBI to hire 160 additional special agents and more than 200 professional staff and forensic analysts dedicated to investigating white-collar crime.  This bill also provides the resources necessary for the Justice Department to add up to 200 prosecutors and civil enforcement attorneys nationwide, as well as 100 support staff to focus on fighting fraud. This bill provides the resources necessary for the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, the U.S. Secret Service, and the inspector general at HUD to hire several hundred additional fraud agents, analysts, and investigators to combat fraud.  This bill is desperately needed. It is important that we take a very aggressive look at the fraud that is going on in that area. I hope very much that all our colleagues will support this legislation  With regard to this issue of what has been going on on Wall Street, there is no question but that the American people are furious--and rightly so. 