 President, independence is the first step toward democracy--hardly the last. As our own nation's history records, 87 years after our revolution, President Lincoln stood at Gettysburg to remind a deeply wounded nation----       It is for us, the living to be dedicated . . . to the      unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so      nobly advanced . . . the great task remaining before us--that      this nation, under God shall have a new birth both of      freedom--and that government of the people, by the people and      for the people shall not perish from the earth.  We all, at one point or another in our school careers, memorized that famous address. Eighty seven years after our Nation's birth--when we had a strong, well established representative government--Lincoln spoke of our unfinished work--because we saw our democracy, our Government and Nation divided and devastated by civil war--a war which serves as a caution that even healthy, strong democracies suffer attack and setbacks.  One hundred years after President Lincoln reminded us of our unfinished work, President Reagan stood before the British Parliament in 1982 and predicted the certain end of communism.  But, in forecasting communism's imminent demise, President Reagan called upon his country, our allies and our American political parties to ``contribute as a nation to the global campaign for democracy gathering force.''  This remarkable speech set in motion the people and events which established the National Endowment for Democracy.  President Reagan's message was as simple and pure as it was powerful and enduring--the mission he defined was to create a world illuminated by individual liberty, representative government and the rule of law under God.  Eighty-seven years after our revolution, we needed to recommit ourselves to that purpose at Gettysburg. President Reagan renewed the call and, now, we must rededicate and redouble our efforts to secure democracy around the globe.  With the end of the cold war, this mission and our responsibilities have only just begun. It is not ending, it is the beginning.  The National Endowment for Democracy--and especially its four core institutes--offer the best, most effective, and strongest tools we have available to consolidate the gains we have made in dismantling the structure of Communist and totalitarian governments.  We need to remember that tearing down the weak practices and government architecture of communism is not the same thing as creating or sustaining strong, viable democratic principles, laws and institutions.  Communism has indeed been cast on the ash heap of history. The question remains what will take its place.  Virtually every nation which suffered behind the Iron Curtain has enjoyed some form of free and fair elections--but the first election is not as important as the second then third when there is a real test of democratic principle and practice--when those who have enjoyed elected office must relinquish power if the principle of self determination is to survive. In other words, only after an orderly transition of power from election to election occurs can democracy truly take root.  The key to self-determination--the core of democracy--is the active engagement of citizens in their government. NED and its institutes, in turn are the key to building and encouraging this deep, informed involvement.  These organizations carry out this important work in a number of ways.  In Burma, NED funding is keeping the faint but fervent hopes for freedom and democracy alive. Let me explain why their work is so vital.  Burma and North Korea have a lot in common with the Stalinist era in the Soviet Union. A ruthless 400,000 man military force, led by the State Law and Order Restoration Council--SLORC--have systematically destroyed the education system and detained, tortured, and executed anyone opposing their brutal rule.  NED is a lifeline for the courageous opponents who resist SLORC inside Burma and the large, exiled community who struggle every day to restore the results of the 1990 elections and their leader Aung San Suu Kyi to office.  With less than $200,000 NED has kept alive the only uncensored, independent newspaper circulated inside Burma. The New Era, a monthly newspaper, is vital to the effort to raise awareness of SLORC's violations of human rights and civil liberties, to assure independent reporting of events and to provide counterbalance to SLORC's daily campaign to smear and slander Aung San Suu Kyi.  Let me point out that it's a crime in Burma to have a copy of this newspaper, yet in spite of threats of imprisonment and death, an extraordinary network of students and citizens take this risk to assure monthly delivery and circulation of the New Era.  The NED also supports the Democratic Voice of Burma which produces and transmits a daily morning and evening broadcast of news, features and ethnic language programming as well as broadcasting recordings of Aung San Suu Kyi's speeches, the texts of U.N. decisions and other information of intense interest to Burma's citizens.  Beyond sustaining the independent media, NED supports efforts to strengthen cooperation among the more than 15 ethnic groups which work in peaceful opposition to the military junta. This support has enabled the National Coalition Government of the Union of Burma under the direction of elected Prime Minister Dr. Sein Win to continue to represent to the outside world the views and aspirations of the legitimately elected parliamentarians of Burma.  Although they are victims of one of the world's most repressive regimes, Dr. Sein Win works with his colleagues inside and outside Burma, calling for peaceful dialog to restore democracy to his beleaguered nation.  Burma is just one example of the Endowment's exceptional service to the cause of democracy.  I have also observed the crucial role they have played in the New Independent States of the former Soviet Union.  Each of these countries illustrate my earlier point that while trappings of communism have been dismantled, it is far too early to judge the transition to democracy a complete success.  Communities across the region desperately need precisely the kind of training and support available through NED. One of the most compelling reasons why NED is so vital is illustrated by the work done through their core grantee in Russia.  Although we are all concerned about the reactionary elements which continue to dominate the Russian Parliament, there is some reason to be hopeful. During the last election, in every community and town where the International Republican Institute ran training programs and supported efforts to strengthen local political parties, reformers were elected to office--reformers who shared our interests in free market economies and individual liberties.  Obviously, reformers do not control a majority yet, but IRI's impressive record suggests we should be substantially expanding our support for endowment activities to secure the kinds of governments and societies which share our interests.  The cold war may be over, but repression and authoritarian impulses are alive and well.  NED nourishes the ambitions of all those who want to participate and shape their own great experiment in democracy--Muslim women in the Middle East, journalists under fire in Cambodia, trade unions in Belarus, political scientists in Azerbaijan, legal defense funds in Latin America--all benefit from NED's small grants--all contribute to building the foundation which sustains a healthy democracy.  The National Endowment for Democracy and its core grantees work citizen by citizen and community by community to transform individual aspirations of self-determination into the governing nations which Ronald Reagan defined so well--nations which preserve and protect individual liberty, representative government and the rule of law under God.  NED deserves our support. It does a good job and it does it in service to our national interests. Each democracy which grows is one more trading partner, one less crisis which may require our political or military intervention.  We abandon this extraordinary campaign for democracy gathering force at our own peril.  