 President, I am sure my good friend and colleague from Arizona will agree that politics is a team sport. In order to be effective, we have to have allies. The bill he went back 4 years to had 24 cosponsors. I can assure my friend from Arizona, it had a good idea from all 24. Legislation is, someone said, sort of like making sausage: a little bit of this and a little bit of that.  I confess to having joined in cosponsoring a bill with a whole lot of things that my friend from Arizona will surely remember that I have consistently argued against for 10 years. But the feeling was, and he remembers it because he cosponsored the bill, that we needed to have a Republican alternative. And in the spirit of being a part of the team, I put my name on a bill. I am sure the Senator from Arizona has never put his name on a bill with which he disagreed with any part. In fact, he said here today he is not entirely happy with the union provision in the bill that he is putting forward.  The Senator from Kentucky may be guilty of many things, but I think in this debate rarely guilty of inconsistency and many of the things that the Senator from Arizona mentioned I personally argued against prior to coming up with this five-legged dog. Somebody said you might be able to make a five-legged dog, but nobody has ever seen one in nature. That is sort of what that bill was. So I confess to having signed on to a bill much of which I thought was probably not the right thing to do.  But let me ask the Senator from Arizona--he said on Friday and again, I believe, today, any genuinely independent expenditure made to advocate any cause which does not expressly advocate the election or the defeat of a candidate is fully allowed. Is that the view of the Senator from Arizona?  Mr. McCAIN. That is correct. That is correct.  Mr. McCONNELL. I say to my friend from Arizona, under the Federal Election Campaign Act the term ``independent expenditure" is defined as follows:       The term ``independent expenditure'' means an expenditure      by a person expressly advocating the election or defeat of a      clearly identified candidate which is made without      cooperation or consultation with any candidate or any      authorized committee or agent of such candidate and which is      not made in concert with or at the request or suggestion of      any candidate or any authorized committee or agent of such      candidate.  I am wondering if the Senator from Arizona really meant what he said, because an ``independent expenditure'' under the Federal Election Act does by definition expressly advocate the election or defeat of a candidate.  Mr. McCAIN. I say to my friend from Kentucky, we are changing the definition of ``express advocacy'' as well as the definition of ``independent campaign.'' And we feel compelled to do so because we see that on both sides the campaigns are no more independent than I am qualified to be on the next trip to Mir.  We are, on page 13 of the bill, under where it says ``Definitions * * * (17) Independent Expenditure--* * *. The term ``independent expenditure'' means an expenditure by a person--(i) for a communication that is express advocacy; and (ii) that is not provided in coordination with a candidate or a candidate's agent or a person who is coordinating with a candidate or a candidate's agent.''  And then ``(b) Definition of Express Advocacy--Section 301,'' which the Senator from Kentucky just quoted from ``* * * is amended by adding at the end the following: `(20) Express Advocacy--(A) In general.--The term ``express advocacy'' means a communication that advocates the election or defeat of a candidate by--containing a phrase such as ``vote for'', ``reelect'', ``support'', ``cast your ballot for'', ``(name a candidate) for Congress'', ``name of candidate in 1997'', ``vote against'', ``defeat'', ``reject'', or a campaign slogan or words that in context can have no reasonable meaning * * *' ''  This is the important part--``can have no reasonable meaning other than to advocate the election or defeat of 1 or more clearly identified candidates; * * *''  That is, so we are changing both. I say to my friend, I am changing both the definition of ``independent expenditure'' and the definition of ``express advocacy.'' We are doing so because there is clearly a huge problem in American politics today, which I am sure the Senator from Kentucky appreciates. There are no longer independent campaigns. There is nowhere in any dictionary in the world the word ``independent'' that would fit these campaigns. They are part of campaigns. To my dismay, and I am sure to every Member of this body, they are negative. And they are negative to the degree where all of our approval ratings sink to an alltime low.  So that is--I am sorry for the long response, but the Senator from Kentucky asked a very good question.  Mr. McCONNELL. Then the definition of what is ``reasonable'' would be determined by the Federal Election Commission; is that correct?  Mr. McCAIN. And the courts, just as the previous ones were interpreted, and in the case of the Colorado decision, as the Senator from Kentucky well knows, opened up a massive loophole which was driven through with alacrity and speed. That is what we are trying to close here.  Mr. McCONNELL. I ask my friend from Arizona, how would it work? The Federal Election Commission would either on its own initiative or as a result of receiving some complaints from someone intervene in what way to determine what is or is not ``reasonable"?  Mr. McCAIN. First of all, as you know, any bright line would be that the candidate's name or face would not be mentioned, which is carrying what was, in my view, the original intent, which was obviously that they could not say ``vote for'' or ``cast your ballot for.''  So I would be glad to discuss with the Senator from Kentucky exactly how we could define that in report language or other.  But I want to return to the fundamental problem here with the Senator from Kentucky. I ask him, in return, does he believe that these so-called independent campaigns are truly independent?  Mr. McCONNELL. Well, if they are not, if it is an independent expenditure which is required under the law----  Mr. McCAIN. I am talking about, are they really independent in what any of us would define as the word ``independent,'' or are they just additional methods to get around contribution limits in order to defeat another candidate? Which is it?  Mr. McCONNELL. Is the Senator talking about independent expenditures or express advocacy?  Mr. McCAIN. I am talking about independent campaigns. I am talking about a problem. What drives independent campaigns, as the Senator from Kentucky well knows, is the definition of ``independent expenditure'' and ``express advocacy,'' which we are changing.  I am asking the Senator from Kentucky again, does he believe that in the last campaign the attacks by labor, for example, in congressional district 6, where over $2 million was spent by labor, with Congressman J.D. Hayworth's face distorted on the screen, sometimes morphing into that of Newt Gingrich, does the Senator from Kentucky believe that that was an independent campaign against Congressman J.D. Hayworth?  Mr. McCONNELL. What I believe it was is an engagement in issue advocacy.  Mr. McCAIN. You really believe that was an issue advocacy ad when they said: Congressman J.D. Hayworth is an enemy of every man, woman and child in Arizona? Surely, the Senator from Kentucky does not believe that. Surely, the Senator from Kentucky does not believe that these independent ads, which are done by both sides, both Republican and Democrats, are no more than character attacks, destruction, but, more importantly, adjunct to political campaigns. Surely, the Senator from Kentucky cannot stand here on the floor of the Senate and say that those are independent campaigns by any reasonable definition.  Mr. McCONNELL. I say to my friend from Arizona, it really does not make any difference what the Senator from Kentucky says. The Supreme Court says----  Mr. McCAIN. I think it has a lot to do with what the Senator from Kentucky believes. I think it has a lot to do with it, because if the Senator from Kentucky thinks that this is just basically an evasion of the law by getting around the law, which has contribution limits, then certainly it matters what the Senator from Kentucky believes.  If the Senator from Kentucky believes that these are truly independent campaigns, set up and run and funded by individuals who just want to see their particular issues, whether it be pro-life or pro-choice or workers' right to strike or any of the others, then fine. But it is beyond me to believe that the Senator from Kentucky could have, having seen these ads--he is very deeply involved in the political process--that they are independent. They are not. They are appendices of the political campaigns. The tragedy of it is, 98 percent of them are attack ads, as the Senator well knows.  Mr. McCONNELL addressed the Chair.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Collins). The Senator from Kentucky.  Mr. McCONNELL. I believe I have the floor.  All I was trying to say to my friend from Arizona is that worth a good deal more than the opinion of the Senator from Kentucky is the opinion of the Supreme Court, which has said in order to avoid--and admittedly these groups want to criticize us. There is no question about it. They want to criticize us. They want to criticize us. And we hate it. They want to criticize us in proximity to the elections. Sometimes they criticize us earlier than that.  But the Supreme Court has said that it is issue advocacy unless the words ``vote for,'' ``elect,'' ``support,'' ``cast your ballot,'' ``Smith for Congress,''``vote against,'' ``defeat,'' or ``reject''--or it lists the magic words here. It is not really vague. I think the reason the Court did this is because they want to encourage citizens to be free to be critical of us any time they want to.  I would readily concede to my friend from Arizona we have gotten a lot more criticism in the last couple of years than we used to. I will also readily concede that having been the beneficiary, or victim, depending on your point of view, of some of that myself, I do not like it. But the Court, it seems to me, has made it rather clear that we do not have the right to keep these people, these groups, from expressing their views about our records at any point, whether it is in close proximity to the election or not.  Now, an independent expenditure, as my friend from Arizona knows, is different. That is hard money. That is regulated by the FEC. In order to qualify as an independent expenditure, you must not consult with those whom you are seeking to aid or reject.  Issue advocacy is a different animal. The Court has put that in a separate category. Admittedly, the distinctions are sometimes blurred. The Court anticipated in the Buckley case that many times the distinction would be blurred. But they erred on the side of more expression. They erred on the side of allowing more and more citizens, if they chose to, to criticize us at any point they wanted to.  Now, what we all saw in 1996 was there was a lot of criticism, a lot of criticism by a lot of groups that a lot of people on my side of the aisle did not like. But I think there is not any chance whatsoever the Supreme Court is going to allow us by legislation to make it difficult for people to criticize us just because it may be in close proximity to an election.  Therein lies the dilemma. My good friend from Arizona is trying hard to do that. I understand why he would like to do it. These campaigns are a source of great irritation to the people who run for public office. I understand that.  Mr. McCAIN. Could I respond?  Mr. McCONNELL. It is just my prediction--just as one Senator here having read these cases, it is my prediction that the courts will not allow us to in effect shut these folks up or to create a context in which their criticizing us is more difficult. That is just my opinion. But it is also the opinion of many, including the American Civil Liberties Union, who have looked at this particular area.  Mr. McCAIN. Could I respond to the Senator very quickly?  Mr. McCONNELL. Sure.  Mr. McCAIN. First of all, the Senator well knows better than I, footnote 52 is where the magic words are, which is a footnote on the decision. The interpretation of many of us is that the language in the body of the opinion indicates that Congress does have a role to play and can be involved in it.  But that is a difference of opinion that the Senator from Kentucky and I have. That is why I think I would be willing to try to make a case on the floor of the Senate here of the constitutionality of our view of changing the definitions of ``independent expenditure'' and ``express advocacy'' just as when we passed the line-item veto and there was significant constitutional question about the line-item veto by good and principled individuals of this body who said, ``Look. What you're doing here is unconstitutional; so, therefore, I'm voting against it.''  I am saying that I believe there is sufficient good opinions by good and principled individuals that differ as to what the interpretation is and what Congress has the right to not do.  May I ask unanimous consent, Madam President, to have stricken from the Record the name of a Member of the other body, because I misspoke, and it is against the rules of the Senate to say the name of a Member of the other body. I ask unanimous consent that that reference be removed from the Record.  