 President, today the U.S. Senate considers H.R. 1003, the Assisted Suicide Funding Restriction Act of 1997. As an original co-sponsor of S. 304, the Senate companion to H.R. 1003, I rise in support of this measure's reasonable and responsible action in prohibiting the use of Federal funds to support physician-assisted suicide.  Modern medical technology has made a significant difference in the health care challenges that patients and providers face today. While few Americans fear death from scarlet fever or cholera, a growing number are concerned about the potential for a slow, painful death from cancer or a degenerative neurological disorder. Advocates for physician-assisted suicide package the concept as purely an issue of patient choice and personal liberty in seeking relief from suffering. Moreover, they argue that this choice harms no one. I respectfully but stringently disagree. Physician-assisted suicide condones the intentional killing of a human being as a valid method for relieving pain and suffering when other means are available to address a patient's critical medical needs.  Advocates for physician-assisted suicide point to secondary effect, the circumstance where a patient dies during treatment for pain, as a factor lending legitimacy to the legalization of euthanasia. Again, I disagree. A large number of Americans and a majority in the medical community identify the critical difference between the administration of pain medication and physician-assisted suicide. In the former, a physician makes a medical assessment and administers the level of medication necessary to relieve a patient's pain and suffering. Though the action is taken with the knowledge that the treatment could cause death, the physician's sole medical goal is helping the patient attain relief from suffering. In contrast, physician-assisted suicide is the intentional administration of a drug, not for pain relief, but to kill. H.R. 1003 recognizes the critical difference between secondary effect and physician-assisted suicide.  While patients' rights have been raised in the debate over physician-assisted suicide, I want to draw attention to the broader implications of this action on the health care community. The American Medical Association makes clear in its Code of Medical Ethics that the intentional act of killing a patient is antithetical to the central mission of healing that bonds the physician-patient relationship. The AMA fully endorses H.R. 1003's purpose to assure that the integrity of doctors working for Federal health care programs and in Federal health care facilities is not compromised by the act of physician-assisted suicide. Without H.R. 1003, doctors face a painful dilemma of whether they are expected to conduct assisted suicide as a form of medical treatment. The AMA rejects such a concept, and 87 percent of Americans agree that Federal tax dollars should not support such a questionable practice.  It is clear to all that patient concerns regarding the health care threats of degenerative and painful disease must be addressed. This critical need is one of the reasons why I and other Members of the U.S. Senate support Federal investment in medical research. The Federal Government should not invest in physician-assisted suicide as a legitimate option for pain control however. Medicine today is capable of managing physical pain, but patients are forced to endure pain and suffering because this information is not applied uniformly. For the welfare of patients and families, we should focus our energies on correcting these failures in medical care delivery, rather than diverting critical attention toward the questionable promotion of assisted suicide.  Mr. President, I support the right of Americans to decide whether or not to withdraw or withhold medical treatment. I also appreciate the difference between acts to relieve the pain of a dying patient and acts that intentionally produce pre-mature death. H.R. 1003 does the same. This measure makes clear that Federal funds do not and will not support physician-assisted suicide to the detriment of patients, families, and the medical community. I urge my colleagues to join in support of H.R. 1003's intent to ensure that this vital concern for millions of Americans is properly addressed.  