 President, regaining the floor, let me suggest to the Senator from Wisconsin that the bright-line test probably makes it even more unconstitutional. I think it is inconceivable that the courts would say that you can criticize a Member of Congress anytime you want to, except right before an election.  Let me say with regard to this ongoing discussion of constitutional scholars that I don't know how many of the constitutional scholars in the letterpresented by the Senator from Arizona and the Senator from Wisconsin have actually practiced these cases in court. I don't know the answer to that. It could be that many of them have. But the American Civil Liberties Union, which was cocounsel to Senator Buckley in the 1996 case and has handled a lot of this litigation over the years, believes that the provisions of the McCain-Feingold substitute with regard to issue advocacy is unconstitutional.  The American Civil Liberties Union is America's expert on the first amendment. It is true that the Senator from Wisconsin has diligently searched for years and managed to come up with some folks who will sign a letter saying this is constitutional. I said last week I could probably find 126 people who say the Earth is flat. But, the experts on the first amendment, the American Civil Liberties Union, believe that these provisions are not constitutional.  Let me just read from a letter earlier this year, to me from the ACLU, regarding independent expenditure provisions in McCain-Feingold at that time.       The new restrictions on independent expenditures improperly      intrude upon that core area of electoral speech, and      impermissibly invade the absolutely protected area of issue      advocacy.  Mr. President, the ACLU went on:       Two basic truths have emerged with crystal clarity after 20      years of campaign finance decisions--[20 years]. First,      independent expenditures for express electoral advocacy by      citizens groups about political candidates lie at the very      core of the meaning and purpose of the first amendment.      Second, issue advocacy by citizen groups lies totally outside      the permissible area of Government regulation.  This bill assaults both principles.  So, Mr. President, I am not disputing for a moment that the Senators who are the principal sponsors of this bill have found some folks who went to law school who were certifying that they believe this bill is constitutional. But I am suggesting that the people who litigated in this area, the lawyers, the distinguished lawyers who have litigated in this area for the last 20 years, who were involved in the original case, the Buckley case, that went to the Supreme Court, believe that these provisions on independent expenditures and issue advocacy are fatally flawed.  I rest my case. I guess we can all sort of pick our own expert and decide who we want to rely on, depending upon the outcome that we want to achieve. But I think most people would believe that the first amendment lawyers at the American Civil Liberties Union know a little bit about this area of litigation.  I want to take a few moments to pose a few questions to my friend from Wisconsin, if I may.  (Mr. DeWINE assumed the chair.)  