 President, I rise today to join my esteemed colleague from Michigan in the introduction of the Small Business Lawsuit Abuse Protection Act of 1997.  Over the past 30 years, the American civil justice system has become inefficient, unpredictable, and costly. Consequently, I have spent a great deal of my time in the U.S. Senate working to reform the legal system. I was particularly pleased to help lead in the efforts to pass the Volunteer Protection Act, which offers much-needed litigation protection for our country's battalion of volunteers. America's litigation crisis, however, goes well beyond our volunteers.  Lawsuits and the mere threat of lawsuits impede our country's invention, innovation, and the competitive position our Nation has enjoyed in the world marketplace. The litigation craze has several perverse effects. For example, it discourages the production of more and better products, while encouraging the production of more and more attorneys. In the 1950's, there was one lawyer for every 695 Americans. Today, in contrast, there is one lawyer for every 290 people. In fact, we have more lawyers per capita than any other western democracy.  Mr. President, don't get me wrong--there is nothing inherently wrong with being a lawyer. I am proud to be a graduate of the University of Kentucky College of Law. My point, however, is simple: government and society should promote a world where it is more desirable to create goods and services than it is to create lawsuits.  The chilling effects of our country's litigation epidemic are felt throughout our national economy--especially by our small businesses. We must act to remove the litigation harness from the backs of our small businesses.  The Small Business Lawsuit Abuse Protection Act is a narrowly crafted bill which seeks to restore some rationality, certainty, and civility to the legal system. Specifically, this bill would offer limited relief to businesses or organizations that have fewer than 25 full-time employees.  First, the bill seeks to provide some reasonable limits on punitive damages, which typically serve as a windfall to plaintiffs. The bill provides that punitive damages may be awarded against a small business only if the claimant establishes by clear and convincing evidence that the business engaged in wanton or willful conduct. The bill would also limit the amount of punitive damages that may be awarded against a small business to, the lesser of: First, $250,000, or second, two times the amount awarded to the claimant for economic and noneconomic losses. Third, the bill provides that a business' responsibility for noneconomic losses would be in proportion to the business' responsibility for causing the harm. Any other defendants in the action who are not small businesses would continue to be held jointly and severally liable.  Now, let me explain what this bill does not do. It does not close the courthouse door to plaintiffs who sue small businesses. For example, this bill does not limit a plaintiff's ability to sue a small business for an act of negligence, or any other act, for that matter. Thebill also does not abolish joint and several liability for economic losses.  Mr. President, this is a sensible, narrowly tailored piece of legislation that is greatly needed to free up the enterprising spirit of our small businesses. I look forward to Senate's consideration of this important legislation.  