  Now, in all of those cases the Federal Election Commission was trying to snuff out issue advocacy. It was rebuffed in all of those cases and, in the case of FEC versus the Christian Action Network, in the fourth circuit, the court was so angry at the FEC for continuing to pursue these citizensgroups that it ordered the FEC to pay the legal fees of the citizen group which had been harassed by the FEC.  Mr. President, there may be some things that are in a gray area in this debate, but issue advocacy is not. The court has been very, very clear, since Buckley, that it is impermissible for the Congress to shut these people up when they seek to criticize us. An effort to say that in proximity to the election they can't criticize us would be an exercise in futility. I mean, these citizens have a right to band together. We don't like it. I stipulate that I have been subjected, shall I say, to these issue advocacy campaigns myself. I don't like it. I would rather not be criticized. But, as a practical matter, the courts are not going to allow us to shut these people up just because we find what they say about us offensive.  The enforcement actions that I mentioned are just the tip of the iceberg, since many enforcement actions never progress beyond the administrative levels. But these administrative investigations can be equally chilling on free speech.  The FEC has attempted to buttress its position regulating issue advocacy by extensive regulatory proceedings resulting in the adoption of the following regulations, which have been invalidated by the courts.  The FEC has been on this mission to shut these people up for a long time. So they issued a variety of different regulations, 11 CFR 114.4(b)(5), which was invalidated in Faucher versus FEC, in 1991; 11 CFR 114.1(e)(2), invalidated in Chamber of Commerce versus FEC, in 1995; 11 CFR 100.22, invalidated in Maine Right to Life Committee versus FEC in 1996; 11 CFR 114.10, invalidated in Minnesota Citizens Concerned for Life versus FEC, in 1995; 11 CFR 114.4(c)(4) and (5) invalidated in Clifton versus Federal Election Commission, in 1996.  I don't know who these constitutional scholars are. I am not prepared to argue with the Senator from Arizona or the Senator from Wisconsin that they all went to law school. But this business of seeking to regulate the expressions of citizens against our voting records doesn't have any chance at all of being upheld in the courts. I would hope the Senate would not waste its time engaging in some ill-conceived idea here to try to keep people from criticizing our records. It is a clear violation of the first amendment.  So, it seems to this Senator that that is something we ought not to be engaging in. As the Senator from Arizona pointed out, that provision of McCain-Feingold remains largely the same as it was in the original version.  I see my friend from Wisconsin is on his feet and would like to engage in a colloquy. I had in mind asking him a few questions as well, so I will be happy to yield to him for a question.  