 President, volunteer service has become a high risk venture. Our ``sue happy'' legal culture has ensnared those selfless individuals who help worthy organizations and institutions through volunteer service. And, these lawsuits are proof that no good deed goes unpunished.  In order to relieve volunteers from this unnecessary and unfair burden of liability, I am pleased to join in the introduction of the Volunteer Protection Act.  The litigation craze is hurting the spirit of voluntarism that is an integral part of American society. From school chaperones to Girl Scout and Boy Scout troop leaders to unpaid rural doctors and nursing home aides, volunteers perform valuable services. And, these volunteers are being dragged into court and needlessly and unfairly sued. The end result? Too many people pointing fingers and too few offering a helping hand.  So, this bill creates immunity from lawsuits for those volunteers who act within the scope of their responsibilities, who are properly licensed or certified where necessary, and who do not act in a willful, criminal or grossly negligent fashion.  The bill recognizes that the States may enact their own form of volunteer protection and provides that State laws may permit the following:  A requirement that the organization or entity adhere to risk management procedures, including the training of volunteers;  A requirement that the organization or entity be accountable for the actions of its volunteers in the same way that an employer is liable for the acts of its employees;  An exemption from the liability protection in the event the volunteer is using a motor vehicle or similar instrument;  An exemption from the liability protection if the lawsuit is brought by a State or local official; and  A requirement that the liability protection applies only if the nonprofit organization or government entity provides a financially secure source of recovery, such as an insurance policy for those who suffer harm.  I look forward to the Senate's prompt consideration of this bill. Our communities are depending upon us to enact this pro-volunteer legislation. The time has come for us to help those who have given so much to all of us.  