 BENNETT. Of course the Government has no business doing that. That is the point we made on Friday when we were having the debate. Even if we grant the argument raised by the Senator from Wisconsin and his 126 experts that it can be done in a way that is constitutional, we recognize that it cannot be done in a way that makes sense.  It is possible to craft a system that meets the narrow requirements of the Constitution in terms of protecting free speech, but it is not possible to do one in a way that makes any logical sense at all.  I had risen to ask my colleague this question about the example we have before us. We are being told this is constitutional because it is voluntary. And I suppose that is the reason these 126 scholars have signed the letter. As long as you agree in advance to give up your constitutional rights, then the Constitution will not defend you.  The Senator from Kentucky has said it isn't really voluntary. There is a huge incentive which the Senator from Kentucky describes as a gun pointed at your head to see to it that you are voluntary. So it is not voluntary. This is the question I had in mind.  We have an example before us of people giving up their constitutional rights in return for Federal dollars. There are some who are so unkind to call that a bribe. But in the Presidential system now, virtually every candidate for President accepts the bribe; that is, he or she accepts the Federal dollars in return for agreeing to limit their speech. The Senator from Wisconsin says, no, every American has a constitutional right not to accept that money and to go ahead on their own.  Isn't it true that the only two candidates who have been able to run for President without accepting the Federal money and mount anything approaching a worthwhile campaign are Ross Perot and Steve Forbes, both of whom approach billionaire status? Is that a correct summary of what the Presidential system that is constitutional has brought us to?  Mr. McCONNELL. The Senator from Utah is entirely correct. Even people like Ronald Reagan, who opposed the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1974, always checked no on his tax return as a protest against using tax dollars for the Presidential campaign. He had no choice because the contribution limit on candidates for President was only $1,000. You simply could not raise enough to compete for President unless you accepted the bribe that the Government offered you to give you so much money to limit your speech. There was simply no choice. And that kind of choice, it seems to me, is similar to what we have here and is really quite unfortunate for candidates because it restricts their options.  If I may just for a moment go back to the spending limit analogy while my friend from Utah is still up, another example would be to compare New Jersey to New York, two States right next to each other. In New Jersey they are able to spend more money on a candidate than in New York, even though New York has more than twice as many voting age residents as New Jersey. Two States right next to each other, people commuting back and forth to work all the time, and yet somebody in the Government determines that the voters of New Jersey are entitled to more communication than the voters in New York under the formula in the original McCain-Feingold bill.  Does that strike the Senator from Utah as really very difficult to understand?  