 President, I have come to the floor to strongly oppose the McCain amendment to strike the funding designation for two items I have proposed to the legislation being considered, the Natcher Bridge and the grant redirection for the Paramount Theater in Ashland.  The proponents of this amendment are wrong to characterize these two provisions as wasteful and unnecessary. The fact of the matter is that these are important projects to the communities of Owensboro and Ashland, KY. Elimination of these two provisions will not save a single dime. In fact, this amendment would unnecessarily waste more tax dollars.  Mr. President, in 1992, a special purpose grant was included in the VA-HUD appropriations bill giving $1 million to the city of Ashland to construct a parking garage. City officials have studied this proposal further and determined that it would be more cost effective to purchase existing lots. This alternative will add more parking spaces overall and at a lower price. The city has requested that the remaining funds be used to restore a downtown landmark, the Paramount Theater.  Now, if the McCain amendment passes, the city of Ashland would be left with a grant mandating that they build a parking garage that will yield fewer spaces at a greater cost. Mr. President, this makes no sense.  Mr. President, this supplemental appropriations bill also provides for a long overdue funding correction in Federal-aid highway funding. This bill will provide Kentucky with $29.8 million to correct the funding shortfall. I was able to include language that directs the State of Kentucky to provide $12.6 million of the $29.8 million allocated for completion of the Natcher Bridge. This will ensure the completion of Natcher Bridge.  Again, by striking the language, not one dime will be saved and the bridge will be left unfinished. Keep in mind every year this bridge is left unfinished the total cost of the project increases. So again, this amendment would waste scarce tax dollars and delay the completion of this important project.  Mr. President, I believe the supporters of the amendment have mischaracterized this amendment and are doing a disservice to taxpayers and the citizens of Kentucky. I strongly oppose this amendment.  