  The only other point I will make, now that he is an incumbent, like the Senator from Kentucky, and since all of us incumbents would get to decide what is reasonable, is it not, I ask my friend from Alabama, conceivable to think that Congress might decide it was reasonable to shut up all the outside groups and have such a low spending ceiling that a challenger to us could never get off the ground? All in the name of getting that nasty money out of the system; we want to get rid of that, want to control all that spending, stop the money chase. We could all stand up here in a chorus of 100 of us and say we are going to stop the money chase. Each of us here are going to set the spending limit in our respective States exactly where we think it is reasonable.  The Senators from Alabama would set the spending limit in Alabama, the Senators from Kentucky would set the spending limit in Kentucky, and the Senators from Idaho would set the spending limit in Idaho. I bet you we would all come up with just the right amount to make sure that nobody had a shot at us. I mean nobody. We would make sure the groups could not talk at all. We would make sure our opponent could not talk much. And, of course, under this, you could tell somebody they could not spend their own money to express themselves, the difficulty with which the Senator from Alabama was confronted in the primary. We could shut them all up under this. This in the name of healthy democracy?  The Democratic leader of the House--I just happened to have it posted. I do not want to detain the Senator from Alabama, but several people have mentioned this. I just wanted those who might be viewing to see it. The Democratic leader in the House, in support of an amendment like this, said, with a straight face, apparently--apparently with a straight face:       What we have is two important values in direct conflict:      Freedom of speech [on the one hand] and our desire for      healthy campaigns in a healthy democracy. You cannot have      both.  I am told he did not snicker when he said that. Everyone who heard it broke out laughing. This is one of the most astonishing comments in the history of American politics, made in behalf of a constitutional amendment, similar to the one before us today, to carve a niche out of the first amendment and give the Government, us, the Congress, the power to shut everybody up. That is what is before us today. This is about free speech. It is about political discourse in this country.  I thank the distinguished Senator from Alabama for a very important contribution to this most important debate.  