 President, I commend the distinguished occupant of the Chair, the Senator from Oregon, for an excellent amendment. I was in the Senate when we started the Russian aid program. I would say to Senator Smith and Senator Hutchinson, who spoke so eloquently in behalf of this amendment, the whole Russian aid program was predicated on the notion that we were going to have a Russia based on the principles of democracy, free speech and freedom of religion--the fundamental underpinnings of our Western society, led by the United States many years ago when we were largely alone in establishing these principles; that the new Russia, at least in those very basic respects, was going to be not dissimilar to the United States on these fundamental freedoms. And, as an enthusiastic supporter of Russian assistance, both in the beginning and since, I can tell you that is not assistance without stipulation. It is not assistance no matter how you act.  As I said in my opening statement, this foreign aid bill this year, if itstands for anything, it stands for the notion that foreign assistance is not an entitlement. It is not something you get automatically this year because you got it last year. Foreign assistance is designed to promote American interests abroad. Foreign assistance is the only way that the Government directly impacts overseas, other than sending in the troops, which is expensive and dangerous. But, with the less than 1 percent of our budget that we devote to this activity, we must use it in a way that promotes American values as well as American interests.  So, the distinguished Senator from Oregon and Senator Hutchinson, who has spoken in his behalf in support of this amendment, have it exactly right. You have it exactly right. This is the sort of action that ought to jeopardize the Russian aid program. We ought not to be giving assistance to a country that, as a result of direct government initiative in what purports to be a democracy, is seeking to grant religious favoritism to certain kinds of religions at the expense of the others.  So, I commend the Senator from Oregon, Senator Smith, for this outstanding amendment. I intend to support it. Again, I might say, we are hopeful that a vote on this amendment will occur around 12:30. That is not something I can announce yet, but we are hopeful it will occur around 12:30.  I would say to my colleague from Oregon, does he wish additional time to discuss the amendment?  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  