 President, let me start by thanking my friend and colleague from Georgia, Senator Coverdell, for his leadership on this important issue this year.  As the principal cosponsor of this bill in the previous Congresses, I am excited about the fact it is on the agenda and has an excellent chance of becoming law.  My wife Elaine, who many of my colleagues know is former head of the United Way of America, was up at the volunteer conference yesterday in Philadelphia and there is no question that the timing of this could not be better. I commend my colleague from Georgia and the majority leader for scheduling this important piece of legislation during the volunteer conference, obviously making it easier for more and more Americans to contribute their time to others. It is something that ought to be a high priority in America in 1997.  Unfortunately, volunteer service has become a high-risk venture. Our sue happy legal culture has ensnarled those selfless individuals who help worthy organizations and institutions through volunteer service. They try to do good and end up risking their fortunes. These lawsuits are proof that no good deed goes unpunished. In order to relieve volunteers from this unnecessary and unfair burden of liability, I am pleased to join in the reintroduction of the Volunteer Protection Act. I am particularly happy it is being considered today.  The litigation craze is hurting the spirit of voluntarism that is an integral part of our American society. From school chaperons to Girl Scout and Boy Scout troop leaders to Big Brothers and Big Sisters, volunteers, as we all know, perform invaluable services for our society. At no time is this value more evident than right now where organizations like the Red Cross are making such a big difference for the victims in flood ravaged North Dakota, just like they did for the folks in my home State of Kentucky during the floods there earlier this year.  So how do we thank the volunteers? All too often we drag them into court and subject them to needless and unfair lawsuits. The end result: too many people pointing fingers and too few offering a helping hand. Even Little League volunteers face major league liabilities.  In February 1995, Dr. Creighton Hale, the CEO of Little League Baseball, wrote in the Wall Street Journal that Little League had in fact turned into ``litigation league.'' He pointed out that in one instance two youngsters collided in the outfield, picked themselves up, dusted themselves off, and then sued the coach. In another case, a woman won a cash settlement when she was struck by a ball that a player failed to catch. Incidentally, the player was her own daughter.  It is sometimes difficult to quantify exactly how much of an organization'stime and money is spent on liability protection. But the Girl Scouts have been able to put it into terms we can all understand. The executive director of the Girl Scout Council of Washington, here in the District of Columbia, said in a February 1995 letter that ``locally, we must sell 87,000 boxes of Girl Scout cookies each year to pay our liability insurance.''  Very simply, this bill protects volunteers who act within the scope of their responsibilities--within the scope of their responsibilities--who are properly licensed or certified where necessary, and some places require that, and, third, who do not act in a willful, criminal or grossly negligent fashion.  We are not trying to insulate from liability those who may act in a wanton way. Let me emphasize this bill does not create immunity for the organizations themselves or for volunteers who act, as I said, in a willful or grossly negligent manner.  Let me also point out that our bill clearly spells out that there is no protection for individuals who commit hate crimes or violent crimes or who violate the civil rights of others. So the opponents of the volunteer protection bill who claim that this is a KKK bill are simply engaging in fear mongering and demagoguery at its worst. This is a bill about protecting our volunteers. That is what it is about, nothing more and nothing less. This bill creates a minimum standard for volunteer protection and then allows the States to add further refinements and protections to that standard.  In short, the bill gives States flexibility. It strikes a balance between the federalism interests on the one hand and the need to protect volunteers from unfair and unnecessary litigation on the other. Specifically, any of the following State law provisions would be--I say would be--consistent with our bill.  First, a requirement that the organization or entity be accountable for the actions of its volunteers in the same way that an employer is liable for the acts of its employees.  Second, an exemption from liability protection in the event that the volunteer is using a motor vehicle or similar instrument.  Third, a requirement that liability protection applies only if the nonprofit organization or Government entity provides a financially secure source of recovery such as an insurance policy for those who suffer harm.  Fourth, a requirement that the organization or entity adhere to risk management procedures including the training of volunteers.  Now, none of those would be inconsistent with our bill should they be the standards adopted by a given State. The bottom line: liability problems for volunteers is a national problem that deserves a national solution--a national problem that cries out for a national solution. My state of Kentucky just experienced devastating floods. During those floods, we also experienced an outpouring of compassion from volunteers all across the country. The volunteers were not just from Kentucky. They were from Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, just to name a few States from which people came to help us out in Kentucky. If a Red Cross volunteer from Ohio wants to cross the bridge and come into northern Kentucky and help on our flood relief, they cannot just put on their coat and boots and go to Kentucky. They need to do some legal research first. They need to do a survey of Kentucky and Ohio law to see if volunteers are protected and to what extent they are protected. Voluntarism is obviously a national issue and volunteers regularly and repeatedly cross State lines to help their neighbors.  That is why, among other reasons, this is a national problem calling out for a national solution. I urge my colleagues to move forward on this bill. The volunteer summit in Philadelphia is a testament to our country's strong efforts in this regard. And we think that clearly this is the time for action.  Today, in the cooperative spirit of the President's summit, I would ask our colleagues to set aside our differences on other issues like labor issues. I also would respectfully ask my colleagues not to try to suggest that this bill is about anything other than what it is about. It is not about the Ku Klux Klan. It is about protecting American volunteers.  I am amazed, I might say further, Mr. President, how one day we are criticized for moving too slowly and the next day we are criticized for moving too fast. It is pretty difficult here to figure out exactly what avoids criticism. These criticisms appear to be nothing more than attempts to divert this legislation which is obviously good for volunteers and good for our country.  Let me just summarize. What we are talking about here is a national problem crying out for a national solution to make it more possible for American volunteers to go to the assistance of their neighbors. We are bringing this bill up in the middle of the national summit in Philadelphia to encourage voluntarism and some are saying we are moving too fast. This bill has been around for quite a while. I offered a measure similar to this in 1991, I believe it was. It got about 31 votes. But times have changed. There is a growing awareness that legal reform of a variety of different sorts is important to our country, and we are starting in this area with the volunteer protection bill because it is timely, it is important, and this is obviously the time to move forward.  So let me conclude by thanking my good friend from Georgia for his leadership on this important issue. I hope we will soon be past the motion to proceed and well onto sending this legislation down to the President for signature.  I yield the floor.  