  We had a pretty contentious discussion in the last Congress about how best to get a balanced budget. It led to a conclusion that no one was happy with. It involved several temporary shutdowns of the Federal Government. We think it is important that that be avoided for the future. Everybody now understands that was not a good result, and the amendment which will be offered by Senator McCain and Senator Hutchison would prevent that.  It would simply provide 98 percent of the fiscal 1997 appropriations bill level and will be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the prior year's bill, with a specific prohibition on initiating any new projects or activities. To put it another way, if we are unable to reach an agreement, it provides for a reasonable funding level to avoid the Government shutdown.  It seems to me this is something we ought to pass on a bipartisan basis unanimously. Obviously, the American people are not interested in seeing the Government shut down again. They are also interested in seeing us reach bipartisan agreement to balance the budget, which we all hope will happen. But the McCain-Hutchison bill will eliminate the threat of a Government shutdown and leverage the President to garner additional funding for his priorities. It is a good-government proposal. It makes it clear that those on my side who thought the Government shutdown might be good leverage in the past decided that it isn't and that it should not be pursued.  It keeps the pressure an all of us to go forward to enact the appropriations bills, because that is what we would ultimately hope would happen in the course of this year as well. I think, Mr. President, this is clearly something that ought to be coupled with the supplemental appropriations which, presumably, we will be dealing with next week.  So I would like to add my strong support to the efforts of Senator McCain and Senator Hutchison and commend them for their work on this important issue and suggest that the Senate, hopefully, will pass this unanimously at the appropriate time.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  