 President, I have never professed to be clairvoyant, but I was able to predict 8 months ago and subsequently authored an op-ed piece to this effect: that obfuscation and diversion would be the damage control strategy of the Clinton White House and its allies in Congress. They would be engaged in that kind of activity, Mr. President, in seeking to avoid the fallout from the Clinton campaign-DNC fundraising malfeasance in the last election.  This damage control strategy was to be expected from this White House, as wave upon wave of scandal has lapped up on the White House lawn these past 4 years. President Clinton's aides have become highly skilled at putting out press fires, lest, of course, the President be singed. I had hoped for better from Democrats here in the Congress embarrassed--I should hope mortified--by the evidence and admission of illegal conduct by the Clinton campaign-DNC fundraisers.  I thought my Democratic colleagues would step up to the plate, seek the truth and let the chips fall where they may.  A disappointing spectacle it has been to witness this collusion in a disingenuous effort to blur the truth, smear the innocent and protect the guilty, by saying everyone does it, and even trying to drag innocent private citizens before the committee.  We are all victims of the system, they say. What we need, they say, is campaign finance reform. Well, in fact, Mr. President, what we need is an independent counsel. That has been clear for a number of months--an independent counsel to remove the investigation from an obviously politicized Justice Department.  Bearing in mind the Attorney General's indefensible refusal to appoint an independent counsel, and the Justice Department's outrageous conduct in the past few weeks in which it has injected itself into partisan maneuvering regarding the granting of immunity for low-level but key witnesses, the inexplicable and entirely inappropriate action by a Justice Department political appointee to distance the administration from United States intelligence agency findings that the Chinese Government plotted to influence United States elections, Mr. President, there is simply no other recourse to ascertain the truth in a nonpartisan manner but to appoint an independent counsel.  That is why this law was passed some 25 years ago, for precisely these kinds of situations, in which you had a highly political investigation affecting covered employees--for example, the President or the Vice President--where it could be suspected that the Attorney General would be reluctant to pursue alleged claims of wrongdoing.  This episode over the last few months is precisely the fact situation which brought about and argued for the passage of the independent counsel statute.  Now, Mr. President, the truth is going to come out sooner or later. No one here should want to be seen in a position of trying to keep the truth from coming to the public. So the point I would like to make this morning very briefly once again, the Attorney General would appoint an independent counsel to investigate the fundraising abuses of the 1996 election, the violations of existing law that may have occurred--contributions from foreigners, money laundering, raising money on Federal property, all violations of existing law. The Attorney General of the United States is responsible for enforcing existing law, and in situations such as this when a clear conflict of interest is apparent, there is no other logical recourse other than the appointment of an independent counsel.  I call upon the Attorney General one more time, Mr. President, to appoint an independent counsel to complete this investigation.  