 I think I did understand hisamendment to disallow a deductibility for advertising, which would make this the only industry of which the Finance Committee is aware where such deductibility would be disallowed.  Aside from my home State and the product, which, if properly used, might actually be good for you, I wonder if my friend from West Virginia doesn't share my concern that once we go in this direction, we might find other activities that some may find offensive being subject to the same kinds of efforts to disallow deductibility for certain kinds of business expenses.  I think, for example, West Virginia and Kentucky used to trade back and forth in terms of coal production. One year West Virginia would be first; the next year Kentucky would be the first. Alas, neither are first anymore. Wyoming is. But there are many Americans who think, as a result of the burning of coal, that the area is polluted and that, as a result of that, people contract lung problems. In fact, there is an initiative by the Clinton administration just announced this week which the Senator from West Virginia and I both have serious reservations about designed to cut down on air pollution--so the argument goes--so there will be less lung disease.  I wonder, if we go down this path of trying to pick out which industries' deductions for certain kinds of business expenses are to be allowed or not allowed based upon our judgment about what is harmful to the public, whether or not somebody might come in and say, ``Well, we shouldn't allow production costs associated with the mining of coal to be deductible because, after all, the burning of coal leads to the pollution of the air, which then leads to lung disease, which then leads to death.''  I just am concerned that this is a step in the wrong direction. I understand fully the concerns of the Senator from West Virginia, and I share them. I think the use of alcohol leads to a great deal of tragedy.  But I hope we will not single out this legal industry producing a product, which, if properly used, many people in the medical field feel is actually good for you, for this kind of selective treatment on deductibility.  Finally, let me say that I am not an expert on the budget deal. But it is clear that there is a lot of momentum in this body to hold the deal together, and this is clearly not part of the budget deal.  I hope that the proposal will not be approved, in all due respect to my good friend and colleague from West Virginia. I hope this would not become part of the measure before us.  I yield the floor.  