 President, is the Senator from Arizona going to stay in the Chamber? I would like to enter into a colloquy with him if he is available for that.  If I could, I would ask my friend from Arizona, last Friday when the debate began, the substitute which the Senator from Arizona laid down today was not ready until today. Is the Senator from Kentucky correct about that?  Mr. McCAIN. Of course.  Mr. McCONNELL. And the letter from the Brennan Center in New York, which the Senator from Arizona and the Senator from Wisconsin received, was dated last Monday, September 22. So would the Senator from Kentucky be correct in saying that the 126 signatories to that letter probably had not seen the substitute which the Senator from Arizona laid down today?  Mr. McCAIN. Of course, the Senator from Kentucky knows that the core of the bill basically remains the same. What we did was, as I mentioned in both my statement on Friday and again this morning, we did away with a number of the provisions in the bill which would have guaranteed its failure, not that we had in any way abandoned the fundamental belief in those provisions of the bill, but we were not going to let the perfect be the enemy of the good. We are in contact with the Brennan Center, and they will update their views on this within a very short period of time. So if the Senator from Kentucky has some concerns about their being up to date with the latest changes, let me calm his fears at this time to tell him that we will be receiving very soon another letter that approves of the modified version.  Mr. McCONNELL. Well, the original letter to the Senator from Arizona, which I have read, talks about party soft money and spending limits on campaigns. The spending limits on campaigns portion, I understand, is not in the revision that the Senator from Arizona has sent to the desk.  According to my reading of the letter, there is no mention of either independent expenditures or issue advocacy provisions, which I assume are the same in the substitute as were in the original bill. Am I missing something, or is the Senator from Arizona----  Mr. McCAIN. The Senator from Kentucky did miss something. I am sorry he wasn't able to attend our press conference that we held last week with Burt Neuborne, if you will look the final signature for Burt Neuborne, John Norton Pomeroy Professor of Law, legal director, Brennan Center for Justice, New York University School of Law. He was queried on exactly that point and stated that he firmly believed in its constitutionality and, as I say, that letter will be updated very soon to include that.  Mr. McCONNELL. I would say to my friend from Arizona I am reading from the letter of September 22. It says, ``We do not all agree on the constitutionality of various provisions of the McCain-Feingold bill itself, nor are we endorsing every aspect of the bill's soft money and voluntary spending limits provision.''  Is the Senator from Arizona then suggesting that all 126 signatories to the letter endorse the independent expenditure and issue advocacy provisions of the modification?  Mr. McCAIN. I am telling the Senator from Kentucky that I am totally confident that all or the overwhelming majority of the 126 who signed this letter will also sign and approve of the changes that we have made. Again, fundamentally because there have been reductions in the bill instead of an expansion of it.  Again, Mr. Neuborne, who was the one who was the progenitor of this entire letter and contacted all 126 people, expressed his confidence that that would also be the case.  