 President, since 1966, the Federal Government has supported special education services for America's disabled children. Today, school districts depend on the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act [IDEA] for assistance in assuring that children with special needs receive a comprehensive education in a supportive environment. In Kentucky alone, over 85,000 children benefitted from IDEA during the 1996-97 school year.  Today, the U.S. Senate takes a historic step forward in its consideration of S. 717, a bicameral, bipartisan bill to reauthorize IDEA. Over the last two decades, changes in educational resources and the needs of students have impaired the ability of schools to meet IDEA's goal of a free, appropriate education for disabled students. This measure seeks to ensure that the Federal statute effectively addresses the special education issues of today's classrooms and is prepared for the future needs of educators, parents, and students involved in special education.  This bipartisan, bicameral legislation achieves these objectives by building upon three primary goals: To focus on the successful education of children with disabilities, instead of rote completion of paperwork; to assure increased parental participation; and to give teachers the tools they need in order to teach all children.  S. 717 helps schools improve the delivery of special education services by eliminating unnecessary paperwork, streamlining data collection, and enhancing program flexibility and service integration. Schools also assume greater accountability for the educational progress of special education students through their inclusion in States and district-wide assessments.  S. 717 reduces the financial strain on school districts and parents by including mediation as an option for resolving disputes. The revised funding formula delivers more IDEA dollars directly to local education agencies, and the bill also requires interagency agreements so other responsible agencies pay their fair share of the service delivery costs for disabled students. As a cosponsor of S. 1, I look forward to working with my colleagues in fulfilling its promise of an additional $10 billion for IDEA over the next 7 years.  Further, S. 717 expands the ability of parents to participate in the planning of special education services for their child. The bill seeks to provide parents with the information they need to effectively work with their local school system by improving the preparation and dissemination of school notices and requiring student progress reports.  Teacher preparation for the successful delivery of special education services is also a priority in this legislation. Educators also receive greater freedom to coordinate instruction between special and regular education students. Finally, S. 717 offers a sound compromise solution for managing the disciplinary concerns of educators, parents, and students with disabilities.  I am also pleased that the bicameral, bipartisan working group responded to my request and the request of other committee members that this reauthorization include reforms specifically focused on the braille literacy needs of blind and visually impaired children. Since 1968, the percentage of blind students who lack reading or writing skills grew from 9 to 40 percent. This measure takes a two-pronged approach to this serious educational need by focusing on the importance of including appropriate braille instruction in a qualified student's individual education plan and emphasizing the need to enhance teacher preparation in the use and instruction of braille. I want to thank the Members of the working group for their leadership in addressing this key educational issue for our Nation's blind and visually impaired children.  IDEA's guarantee of a free, appropriate public education for children with disabilities remains one of our Nation's greatest accomplishments in civil rights. After 2\1/2\ years of work,this final legislative proposal demonstrates the firm commitment of America's educators, parents, disability advocates, and this Congress to provide every child with an opportunity for educational success. Mr. President, I am proud to join as an original cosponsor of S. 717, and I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of this worthwhile education measure.  