 President, I am pleased the Senate is taking up this afternoon H.R. 2159, the foreign operations, export financing and related programs for fiscal year 1998. As is the case every year, it was not easy getting to this point partly because this bill is very different than the bills we passed in the last several years.  First and foremost, we have increased our commitment to America's global leadership by nearly $1 billion. We have provided $12.8 billion for the 1998 foreign assistance programs and an additional $359 million in arrears we have owed to multilateral institutions, bringing the grand total to $13.1 billion, a shade under the administration's request.  Let me review the important contributions this bill will make to stability and security around the world.  First, Mr. President, we have substantially increased our commitment to the New Independent States of the former Soviet Union over last year's levels; $770 million for the region has been provided, including earmarks of $225 million for Ukraine, $92.5 million for Georgia, and $87.5 million for Armenia. Funds for Georgia and Armenia, along with resources to assist the victims of the Nagorno-Karabakh and Abkhaz conflicts are included within a new $250 million regional Caucasus fund. Congressman Callahan, my counterpart in the House, deserves credit for the idea to create this fund, believing it would provide incentive to achieve a peace agreement between Armenia and Azerbaijan.  In an effort to assure balance to our regional approach and promote American energy security interests, we have ended the confusion over the impact of section 907 and clearly authorized OPIC, Ex-Im, TDA, and the Foreign Commercial Service support for American businesses operating in Azerbaijan and the Caspian.  I believe we have served our clear interest in securing stability and economic growth in the New Independent States with these earmarks and the overall level of funding for that area. I also think we have served both our principles and security interests with two Senate provisions which were included in the conference report.  The first addresses the issue of Russian cooperation with Iran on its nuclear and ballistic missile program. I have repeatedly expressed my disappointment with the administration's reluctance to leverage U.S. assistance to secure an end to this lethal cooperation. Let me remind my colleagues that we have provided more than $4 billion in aid to Russia--more than any we have provided to any combination of other countries.  For the past several years, the Senate has carried a provision suspending aid unless the Russians stopped their training, technology transfer and support for the Iranian nuclear program. Each year a waiver has been added in conference because of a threat of veto and the President has in fact exercised the waiver. Each time he has done so the Iranians have moved closer to acquiring and testing a ballistic missile. This year, instead of a blanket waiver, the President will have to prove the Russians have taken specific steps to curtail the nuclear cooperation. While it is not as tough as I would have liked, it is a vast improvement over the broad waiver we have given him in the past.  I also want to draw attention to the efforts of Senator Bennett and Senator Gordon Smith who worked hard to assure inclusion of a provision conditioning assistance on Russia's protection of religious freedom. There is no freedom more fundamental than the right to worship in a church of one's choice. The legislation President Yeltsin signed into law appears to have a chilling effect on religious freedom, a problem we have addressed by requiring the President to certify that the government has not enforced or implemented laws which would discriminate against religious groups or religious communities.  Now, Mr. President, beyond the NIS, I think the bill clearly serves our national security interests in the Middle East by sustaining our past earmarks for Israel and Egypt and expanding and earmarking support to Jordan. At a time when the foreign aid request increased by nearly $1 billion, I was disappointed the administration only asked for $70 million for Jordan.  An increase was a very high priority for me, and I am pleased to report the conference agreement provides $225 million in economic and security assistance as recognition for King Hussein's contribution and determination to achieve a durable peace and regional stability.  Let me once again note my concern about Egypt's role in the peace process. For more than a decade, the bill has consistently stated that resources are provided as a measure of the recipient's commitment and support for peace. For the past 18 months, there is no question that Cairo has not faithfully served that key interest. Just this week, Mr. President, Egyptian officials announced they would not send representatives to an economic summit designed to restore relations and rebuild confidence. This is not an isolated example of problems in our relations with Egypt. In particular, Cairo's international campaign to remove sanctions against Libya is inexcusable. I expect that the bill's provision to withhold 5 percent of the aid to any country failing to enforce the sanctions may affect Egypt's assistance, notwithstanding the earmark. Let me put everyone on notice that if this persists, once again, next year as I did this year, I will not be including an earmark for Egypt in the chairman's mark as we begin the process of developing the appropriations bill for foreign operations for next year.  Turning to other areas, the bill also reflects the Senate's commitment to strengthen our economic interests by increasing over the President's request our support for the Export-Import Bank. The Bank provides crucial support to U.S. exporters, creating jobs and income. I did not think the President's request was adequate to meet America's commercial interests. Consistent with the Senate's decision, we provide $51 million more than the request for a total of $683 million.  This support comes with a word of caution for the board. I share my colleagues' concerns about the substantial funding that has been made available to Gazprom by the Bank, given Gazprom's announced plans to develop Iranian gas fields. The Bank must suspend support for Gazprom until the problem can be resolved. Complementing support for the Bank, we have provided the full request and authorization language for OPIC and $41.5 million for the Trade Development Agency. Both are consistent with Senate positions.  Mr. President, in Asia, important priorities were sustained in the conference report. The Senate's position increasing aid to supporters of democracy in Burma, restricting assistance to the Hun Sen Government in Cambodia, and funding for the Korean Energy Development Organization was included. With regard to KEDO--that is the Korean Energy Development Organization--the conference agreed to our effort to reduce the costs of purchasing oil on the spot market by fully funding the 1998 costs and providing $10 million in back debt if other donors contribute sufficient funds to clear the balance.  After much negotiation and some modifications, we also preserved theSenate's interests in conditioning aid to governments in the Balkans which refuse to cooperate in the extradition of war criminals. It is absolutely clear that inclusion of tough provisions in the original chairman's mark produced immediate results in U.S. efforts to secure cooperation. I intend to closely watch the situation to assure the administration continues to press for the transfer and prosecution of war criminals. There will be no long-term peace or stability in Bosnia or, for that matter, in the region if we fail in this effort to bring about a moral reconciliation.  Finally, Mr. President, let me mention the multilateral financial institutions. We have fully funded the International Development Association and met our commitments at the other regional banks and made a substantial downpayment on clearing all outstanding arrears. Senator Domenici deserves recognition for establishing the guidelines allowing us to solve this vexing problem without compromising current programs.  Unfortunately, in trying to resolve the matter of funding for family planning, the administration chose to pay a very high price and agreed to abandon efforts to fund the IMF's New Arrangements for Borrowing. Events in the Asian markets make clear the need for the NAB, a facility which would assure a multilateral effort to ease currency in economic crises. I support this burdensharing institution and will continue to work with the administration to find a vehicle to provide this vital line of credit.  I thank my friend and colleague, Senator Leahy, for his good advice and exceptional cooperation in achieving passage of this bill. He played a key role in assuring full funding for the multilateral institutions and the development assistance programs. In particular, he deserves recognition for looking ahead to a major threat facing this country and successfully fighting to expand U.S. efforts to combat infectious diseases. Senator Leahy is ably assisted in this effort by Tim Reiser, who has been a patient and persistent staff director for the minority.  I also wish to thank Chairman Stevens and his staff director, Steve Cortese, for their active engagement and support at key points as we worked to secure passage. Senator Stevens is the model of a good chairman. He is always there with good ideas when you need him. Let me also thank Jay Kimmitt for his invaluable assistance in putting together the bill and the report.  I ask unanimous consent that Members be permitted to submit statements prior to passage and that staff be able to make technical corrections.  