 President, I would like to thank the chairman of the full committee, Senator Stevens, and the ranking member, Senator Byrd, for their strong leadership on this important issue.  Additionally, Senator Burns and Senator Murray, the chairman and ranking member of the Military Construction Subcommittee, have done an outstanding job all year of putting together an appropriations bill which addresses the vital needs of our military installations.  Mr. President, we are here debating the merits of President Clinton's decision to strike funding for over 30 military construction projects. Let me state clearly that I strongly object to the President's reckless use of this new authority.  While I support the line-item authority, in this instance the President not only misused it, he endangered soldiers lives.  Let's look at the President's argument. Among his statements, the President claimed that he was canceling only projects ``that would not have been built in fiscal year 1998 in any event; projects where the Department of Defense has not yet even done design work.''  Wrong. The President's statement is absolutely inaccurate.  In fact, of the projects contained in this measure, each of them could begin construction in fiscal year 1998, a direct contradiction to the President's claim.  As for the two projects in Kentucky which were deemed wasteful by the President, one had 10 percent of the design work completed, and the other had completed 90 percent of the design work. Ninety percent, Mr. President, that is hardly insignificant.  President Clinton also claimed his effort was ``another step on the long journey to bring fiscal discipline to Washington.'' In fact, he went on to claim he was ensuring ``that our tax dollars are well spent,'' and was standing ``up for the national interests over narrow interests.''  Wrong again.  The projects eliminated by the President totaled $287 million. Our Federal budget is over $1.6 trillion. Therefore, the President's efforts have saved the nation a whopping seventeen thousandths of 1 percent of the Federal budget. So the simple truth is no real money will be saved as a result of President Clinton's veto.  The fact is every single project contained in this measure is in the President's own future year plan for military construction. Therefore, these facilities will be built, if not this year some time in the next 5 years. And, Mr. President, I don't have to explain to you the reality that delaying the inevitable construction will only increase the cost of these projects.  Mr. President, anyone who believes that the projects will be built for only $287 million, their cost in fiscal year 1998, is sadly mistaken. Each of these projects will increase in cost, and the American taxpayers will be left holding the bag once again.  Finally, Mr. President, allow me to discuss one of the Kentucky projects which was vetoed in order to provide an example of how the process was mishandled by the Clinton administration. And, let me begin by reminding theSenate that the administration did not even use accurate information in evaluating this and other projects.  Fort Campbell, KY, is home to the 101st Airborne, Air Assault, the ``Screaming Eagles.'' This unit is one of the most important assets in the U.S. Army, and is often the first to deploy in a crisis situation.  As a result, the soldiers at Fort Campbell must maintain the highest level of readiness in order to deploy at a moment's notice. Yet, because President Clinton decided this was a pork-barrel project, over 200 soldiers a day are forced to work in facilities that are more than 50 years old, but were meant to last no more than 15 years when they were constructed.  Let me say that another way. Over 200 of America's finest soldiers are working, everyday, in facilities that should have been replaced or torn down over 40 years ago. These structures are literally falling down on top of the men and women working in these facilities.  Instead, Mr. President, the soldiers of the 101st are working in dilapidated, dysfunctional structures with little or no heat, faulty electrical wiring, no fire control systems and are riddled with asbestos.  An OSHA inspection of these facilities would do what no army in the world could--shut down one of our premier combat units and prevent it from meeting its mission requirments.  Conditions are so poor that work is often performed outside on gravel parking areas and not at all when temperatures reach severe levels.  The $9.9 million appropriated for this project would have provided much needed facilities to the 86th Combat Support Hospital--a rapid deployable unit equipped with the Army's most modern medical systems, and whose mission it is to support soldiers on the front lines of combat.  To meet its mission requirement, Mr. President, the 86th must maintain more than 1,200 pieces of equipment in top, deployable condition around the clock. And, as you can imagine, much of this medical equipment requires conditions which cannot be met by these inadequate facilities.  Mr. President, the examples are numerous, but the most telling example is truly shocking. In 1991, one of the structures slated to be replaced burned to the ground in a matter of minutes. Fortunately, no one was hurt in this incident, this time.  If this is not a readiness and quality of life issue, I do not know what is.  Clearly, the condition of these facilities is incompatible with maintaining a premier fighting force and with retaining the quality men and women who work there.  Let me conclude, Mr. President, by saying the line-item veto was intended to be an instrument of precision and not the weapon of blunt force trauma. It was meant to deter wasteful spending--not endanger the lives of American service men and women.  But, the President's action was not, as he claimed, ``another step on the long journey to bring fiscal discipline to Washington'' rather it was a reckless abuse of authority that must be rejected. It is time we stop paying lip service and truly commit ourselves to meeting the needs and quality of life issues of these dedicated soldiers. I ask my colleagues to join me in voting to restore the funding President Clinton eliminated.  