 President, I thank Senator Ford for his important work and his leadership on this issue. It is so vital to the State we jointly represent.  I am pleased to be on the floor of the Senate today to talk about an industry that has played an integral role in our country's history and continues to shape the cultural and economic landscape of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. The industry, of course, is tobacco. And for the next few minutes I want to discuss tobacco and the shifting political terrain that will affect the 136,000 farmers who produce this agricultural commodity.  This summer a group of States attorneys general, representatives of the major tobacco companies, and public health officials negotiated an agreement that would limit the companies' legal liability in exchange for their promise to help reduce smoking and compensate States for past damages caused by use of their product. This agreement obviously must be passed by the Congress and signed by the President to have the force of law, and that process is now what best could be described as in its initial stages.  To my deep disappointment, tobacco farmers were not included in these negotiations. They had no seat at the table. Not surprisingly, there is not a single penny in this $368 billion pool of money for tobacco farmers, even though they will be the ones most directly impacted by the agreement. On the other hand, the agreement allows for the compensation of well-heeled sporting enterprises such as auto racing and rodeos in the event they lose sponsorship dollars but not a penny goes to the hard-working tobacco farmers who may well be driven off their family farms because of an agreement to which they were not a party.  Today, along with Senator Ford, the principal craftsman of this bill, Senator Helms and Senator Faircloth, I propose to right that wrong by supporting a package that will provide for these farmers' well-being. Today, my colleagues and I are introducing the Long-term Economic Assistance for Farmers Act, what we call the LEAF Act, which creates an umbrella ``Tobacco Community Revitalization Fund.'' The fund, to be paid for from moneys within the existing $368-billion settlement, will stabilize the incomes of tobacco farmers by providing payments for lost tobacco quota to tobacco quota holders, tenants and those who lease quota. Quota holders who produce their own tobacco will be paid $4 a pound in any given year for every pound their quota falls behind their average 1994-1966 quota level. In the case of leased tobacco and tenant farmers, payments will be $2 a pound.  A portion of the fund will also be used for Tobacco Community Economic Development Grants which will help transition tobacco dependent communities to a more diversified economic base. The economic development grants will be used for costs incidental to the tobacco program, economic development grants to States, farmer opportunity grants for education and training, and assistance for displaced tobacco industry workers.  Mr. President, most agree that tobacco farmers and their communities should not bear the brunt of the agreement's dislocating effects. For instance, Minority Leader Daschle has said that ``We need to address some of the concerns that were not addressed in the agreement * * * especially those dealing with small farmers.'' The President himself has said, ``Any tobacco legislation must protect tobacco farmers and their communities.'' Even tobacco's most committed foes such as former FDA Commissioner David Kessler recognize that, as he put it, ``farmers should not be left out'' of the agreement. The LEAF Act does provide for farmers. It provides compensation for reduced quota to owners and those who produce the tobacco. It provides opportunities for tobacco farmers to diversify their crops. It provides economic stability for small tobacco farmers and their tobacco communities. It provides education and training opportunities for tobacco farmers and their dependents. It keeps farmers like mine in Kentucky in the business of producing this legal agricultural commodity.  So, Mr. President, I rise in support of the LEAF Act. I thank Senator Ford for his leadership and tireless efforts to protect our tobacco growers and their communities. I believe Senator Ford's bill provides the best alternative for our growers.  Having said that, I realize we face an uphill battle. Today's political environment for tobacco interests is darkened mightily. In today's Senate, outrageously unfair amendments that deny basic crop insurance to tobacco farmers are only narrowly defeated. The ceaseless assault on tobacco has left the tobacco grower imperiled. In this context it may be difficult to sustain the political support necessary to enact all of the bill's provisions. I personally will fight for the Ford package, but I also will be cognizant of political reality. It is my fervent hope that we can incorporate the LEAF Act into any settlement legislation.  If that is not achievable, I will not be discouraged from pursuing alternative ways to best provide tobacco farmers' needs.  Finally, Mr. President, as Congress discusses the proposed tobacco settlement, I urge my colleagues to remember that our decisions will not affect some nameless, faceless machine. Rather, our actions here will bear directly on thousands of hard-working tobacco farmers, men and women who pay their taxes, go to church, raise their families, and do their best to provide for future generations. We owe it to them to ensure that today's changes in the tobacco culture leave them with a stable future as well.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  