 President, with regard to the amendment of my good friend from Arkansas, Senator Hutchinson, I, along with a number of other Senators, were in Hong Kong 10 days ago to watch the turnover of Hong Kong to the Chinese. I mention Hong Kong because Hong Kong is really the best indicator of what China is likely to become in the coming years.  Some people suggest that the People's Republic of China will ruin Hong Kong. Others suggest that Hong Kong will be the engine that changes China. I think clearly the latter is most likely to be the case. Even though the amendment of the Senator from Arkansasdeals with MFN for China and not MFN for Hong Kong, I think it is worthy of note that no one in Hong Kong, no one, not the democracy activists, the businessmen, no one, you can't find anybody in Hong Kong who thinks terminating MFN for China is a good idea.  I cite, for example, Martin Lee, the person who most of us are familiar with who is the prodemocracy activist in Hong Kong and the one the Chinese tend to fear the most and the one who says the greatest number of things that tend to irritate the regime in Beijing. Martin Lee is not in favor of terminating MFN for China, because he believes that the economic engine that is roaring in mainland China is pulling it inevitably in the direction of democracy and human rights.  So, Mr. President, I hope that the Hutchinson amendment will not be approved. I think it sends the wrong signal.  Having said that, let me say that nobody that I know is entirely happy with the internal government in the People's Republic of China. I might say the same thing about some of the countries that are still receiving foreign assistance from us. We are not entirely happy with what is going on in Russia these days. I, for one, am not happy with a number of things that have happened in Egypt recently, and these are countries that are foreign aid recipients of the United States.  We are not talking about foreign aid for China; we are talking about MFN for China. It seems to me it makes no sense, in terms of our growing relationship with China, to send this kind of message by terminating the trade status which benefits American business and benefits reformers in China who, in my judgment, will ultimately bring about the kind of changes in China that we would all like to see.  Mr. President, how much time remains? We are set for three votes at 10 o'clock, are we not?  