S. Department of Agriculture agree that food irradiation presents no health risk, and have endorsed irradiation as a method to prevent food borne diseases. Today, more than 35 countries have approved irradiation as a safe food treatment technology.  Despite their well-documented food safety benefits, few irradiated foods are marketed in the United States. Why? Because the current labeling requirements render the foods virtually unmarketable. FDA regulations require that irradiated foods prominently and conspicuously bear the international radura symbol and the phrase ``treated with irradiation'' or ``treated by irradiation.'' Clearly, public notice of irradiation is necessary for informed consumer choice. However, the degree of prominence for the current irradiation labeling creates a false impression among many consumers that the irradiation statement is a warning. Thisunintended labeling result must be corrected. Targeted improvements in the labeling will provide consumers with clearer information on irradiation's approved use and provide a simple means to further food safety in our Nation.  My amendment simply requires irradiated foods to bear an appropriate disclosure requirement and specifies that the FDA-approved disclosure need not be more prominent than the ingredient statement. The intent of my amendment is for the FDA to revise its irradiation disclosure requirement to assure that consumers do not misinterpret this disclosure as a warning.  Clearly, the FDA should have the authority to require appropriate disclosure of food irradiation. However, the use of a disclosure design that discourages the utilization of this government-approved technology compromises efforts by the FDA and food processors to improve food safety in our Nation.  Mr. President, two dozen well-known and well-respected food and agriculture groups--such as the American Farm Bureau Federation, the National Cattlemen's Beef Association, and the Institute of Food Technologists--have endorsed this targeted change as a means of promoting greater use of irradiation as a food safety tool. I ask that the text of their letter of support be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  