 President, I thank my good friend from Utah for his wonderful contribution to this debate we have had. It has been a good debate about the first amendment. I also thank him very much for his kind remarks about my work on this issue.  The Senator from Utah is right. It hasn't been easy from time to time because, as he pointed out, our friends in the press sometimes think the first amendment only applies to them. The first amendment was not crafted just for the press. It was crafted for all Americans. The free speech provisions of the first amendment apply to individuals, candidates, parties, groups; it applies to all of these people.  What we have before us today, Mr. President, is an effort to cut a chunk out of the first amendment and say that political discourse in this country is entitled to less freedom than all other kinds of speech, all other kinds of speech. Why, Mr. President, even pornography and flag burning would have more protection--more protection--than political discourse after this amendment. Because this amendment would grant to Congress the power to shut everybody up, Congress being composed of incumbents, it is reasonable to assume that Congress would want to shut up all those people who are criticizing Congress.  This amendment gives Congress the power to set reasonable limits--whatever that is--on expenditures made, presumably, by the candidates, in support of--by people outside the campaigns--in support of the candidate, or in opposition to the candidate, and the American Civil Liberties Union said it could apply to the press as well.  In short, this is a complete reversal of the kind of speech the Founding Fathers were the most concerned about. Mr. President, I am confident they were most concerned about political discourse, political discussion, political speech. They were beginning to have experiences with free press at that time. But I am confident that what they were mostly thinking about, when crafting the first amendment, was political discourse in the course of political campaigns.  So the question is, as the Senator from Utah and others have pointed out, it is not whether you are for reform, but whether you are for the first amendment. That is what is before us here today. This ought to be a no- brainer. Even Common Cause is against this proposal. Even the Washington Post is against this proposal. Even Senator McCain and Senator Feingold, I believe, are going to oppose this.  In short, this proposal doesn't have any constituency. Even the reform groups are not for it. Of course, it has many opponents. There is a coalition--in fact, I had a press conference with a coalition just Friday in opposition not only to this amendment, but also to McCain-Feingold. The coalition spans the American political spectrum. At this press conference Friday, we had the ACLU and the National Education Association on the left, and the Christian Coalition, Right to Life, and the NRA on the right, and all other groups in between. What did they all have in common? These people had never met each other before. They didn't want the Government shutting them up. They didn't want the Government taking them off the playing field in political discussion in this country. That is what they all had in common. They want to be free to criticize us. They think they have a constitutional right to do that. They believe this amendment begins to eliminate that right, and proposals like McCain-Feingold do the same.  So, Mr. President, this is a very, very important issue. This vote will be about whether you support the first amendment or not, whether you support political free speech in this country, not just by candidates, but by groups, individuals, and parties as well. This is at the core of our democracy, and we are having a legitimate discussion here about whether to carve that out and change that after 210 years.  Mr. President, this is a very, very significant step in the wrong direction. I hope that it will be defeated later this afternoon overwhelmingly. It deserves to be defeated overwhelmingly. The goal here is to reverse the Buckley decision, a well-thought-out, well-reasoned decision.  In the Buckley case, the Supreme Court said, ``The first amendment denies Government''--that is us in here--``the Government the power to determine that spending to promote one's political views is wasteful, excessive, or unwise.''  The Court went on, ``In a free society ordained by our Constitution, it is not the Government but the people, individually as citizens, candidates, and collectively as associations and political committees, who must retain control over the quantity''--how much we speak--``and the range of debate on public issues in a political campaign.''  That pretty well says it all, Mr. President. At least Senator Hollings, my good friend from South Carolina, understands that in order to change that ruling you really do have to change the first amendment. That is what is before us--to change the first amendment for the first time in 200 years to give the Government the power to shut up individuals, candidates, associations, and political committees; tell them how much they may speak, and maybe even what they may say. Who is to say how far the Government would go in seeking to quiet the voices of those who may oppose what we are trying to do?  The Court went on. It said, ``A restriction on the amount of money a person or group can spend on political communication during a campaign necessarily reduces the quantity of expression by restricting the number of issues discussed, the depth of their exploration, and the size of the audience reach. This is because virtually every means of communicating ideas in today's mass society requires the expenditure of money.''  The Court was recognizing the obvious, recognizing reality. The Court went on. It said, ``Even distribution of the humblest handbill costs money.'' Further, the Court stated, ``The electorate's increasing dependence on television and radio for news and information makes these `expenditures' of modes of communication indispensable instruments of effective political speech.''  The Court further said, ``There is nothing invidious, improper, or unhealthy in a campaign spending money to communicate.'' Further, the Court said, ``The mere growth in the cost of Federal election campaigns in and of itself provides no basis''--they didn't equivocate here, Mr. President--``provides no basis for government restrictions on the quantity of campaign spending.'' The Court further addressed the old level-playing-field argument that we hear so frequently. The Court said about the level playing field, ``The concept that the government may restrict the speech of some elements of our society in order to enhance the relative voice of others is wholly foreign to the first amendment.''  The Buckley case was good in 1976, and it is good in 1997. In fact, the Supreme Court in virtually every case in this field since 1976, since the Buckley case, has moved further in the direction of more and more openness in political discourse in this country. In other words, they have reaffirmed Buckley time and time again over the last 20 years. This is a position the Court isn't going to change. And the Senator from South Carolina, to his credit, understands that. He understands the Court is not going to shut up these individuals, groups, candidates, and parties. He understands the Court realizes that this kind of debate is at the heart of what makes America a great democracy.  The Senator from South Carolina looks at that and finds it unappetizing. He finds all of this political discourse offensive and says we ought to carve a chunk out of the first amendment for the first time in 210 years and give to us here in the Government the power to control all of this discourse. It makes us uncomfortable. We don't like being criticized. We certainly do not like these campaigns against us by our opponents. But we don't like these outside groups either. It makes us uncomfortable. They sometimes say bad things about us. This is a terrible condition, that anybody other than the press could actually muster the resources to criticize. We had better do something about it. We had better shut those folks up. So we will just amend the first amendment, and we will decide that political speech is somehow less worthy than other kinds of speech, and we will take those people off the playing field, or we will make them report to the Government in advance and salute before they get permission to speak.  That is what this is about, Mr. President. That is what this is about. This constitutional amendment ought to be defeated resoundingly. It is certainly my hope that it will be. As I said earlier, it has essentially no constituency even among those clamoring the loudest for some form of campaign finance reform.  So later this afternoon when we vote on amending the first amendment for the first time in 200 years, I hope the Senate will defeat it overwhelmingly.  