  The Supreme Court today denied cert and, therefore, refused to overturn a first circuit decision, in effect confirming a district court decision, specifically ruling unconstitutional, once again, most of the issue advocacy language in the McCain-Feingold bill which we have before us. The similarities are noteworthy. Two of the three categories of restrictions on issue advocacy in McCain-Feingold read as follows. As we all know, the courts have been very clear for 21 years that you are free to go out and express your views about any of us as often as you want to, in any way that you want to, as long as you don't say certain things like ``vote for'' or ``vote against.'' That does not fall within the jurisdiction of the Federal Election Commission. That group does not have to answer to a Federal agency in order to criticize us. The Federal Election Commission, aswe all know, doesn't like that. So they have issued regulations seeking to change by regulation previous Court decisions on what is or what is not issue advocacy.  In those regulations, which are remarkably similar to two of the three sections in McCain-Feingold dealing with issue advocacy, the similarities are noteworthy.  In the McCain-Feingold bill, the following words are used, and the words mean this in the bill, as I understand it, that if any of these things happen, the group would fall under the Federal Election Commission and be subject to their jurisdiction. In addition to the bright line test that the Supreme Court has already laid down, the bill would seek to add to that the following:       . . . or a campaign slogan or words that in context can      have no reasonable meaning other than to advocate the      election or defeat of one or more clearly identified      candidates.  Madam President, that is part of the language in the underlying bill.  Other language in the underlying bill remarkably similar to the FEC regulations struck down by the Supreme Court today read as follows:       . . . expressing unmistakable and unambiguous support for,      or in opposition to, one or more clearly identified      candidates when taken as a whole and with limited reference      to external events, such as proximity to an election.  What the underlying bill is seeking to do is to outline a series of circumstances under which a group would fall within the jurisdiction of the Federal Election Commission. Currently, they are outside of that jurisdiction unless they say ``vote for'' or ``vote against,'' tests which the Supreme Court laid down 21 years ago and has never changed.  That was the language from McCain-Feingold. Let me now read the language out of the FEC regulations which were struck down by the Supreme Court today:       . . . more communications of campaign slogans or individual      words which in context can have no other reasonable meaning      than to urge the election or defeat of a candidate.  Further language from the proposed FEC regulations which were struck down by the Supreme Court:       . . . when taken as a whole and with limited reference to      external events, such as the proximity to the election, could      only be interpreted by a reasonable person as containing      advocacy of the election or defeat of one or more candidates.  Further from the FEC regulations struck down by the Supreme Court today:       The electoral portion of the communication is unmistakable,      unambiguous and suggestive of only one meaning.  Madam President, there is a remarkable similarity between the language struck down by the Supreme Court today and the language of two of three of the sections in the McCain-Feingold bill which seek to redefine by statute what happens in an issue advocacy campaign. This is an important new development.  We have had a lot of discussion on the floor of the Senate over the last week and a half about what is and isn't constitutional. It has been suggested that there are 126 constitutional scholars out there who are certifying, in effect, that these new restrictions on issue advocacy are, in fact, constitutional. That has been asserted by some of our colleagues, even though there have been a whole line of Supreme Court decisions before the one today reiterating that they crafted this the way they did on purpose; it was not an accident. The Supreme Court wanted to have the widest latitude possible for organizations to criticize us, and there is no indication that they intended that criticism to necessarily be evaded just because it was in proximity to an election.  There is no language on the 60-day test, which is the third provision of the McCain-Feingold bill. Frankly, that is sort of a new item. The FEC has not yet tried that. But if you look at that language and look at the fact that the Court has confirmed time and time and time again that it meant what it said it did with regard to issue advocacy, I don't think it is much of a stretch to predict that, if the Court is going to strike down language almost the same as two of the three sections in McCain-Feingold seeking to make it difficult for groups to criticize us, they would be very likely to strike down the third, which makes it impossible effectively for them to criticize us without becoming a federally registered committee in the last 60 days of an election.  As I said--I see my colleague from Washington on his feet--we can discuss as long as we want to what is and isn't constitutional. The final word on that is the U.S. Supreme Court, and they just spoke again today on the very subject that we have been discussing on the floor of the Senate in the last week and a half. I think it is a very important additional indication that the Court, in spite of all the prodding of the Federal Election Commission to set up a new standard for issue advocacy, the Court has absolutely no intention of changing its mind. It has been absolutely, unequivocally consistent for 21 years as to what you would have to put in an advertisement to be brought within the Federal Election Campaign Act and thereby covered by the FEC.  Here is what the Court said back in Buckley--and it has had many opportunities to revisit that, it hasn't changed its mind over the years, didn't change its mind again today--this is what the Court said. For a communication by a group to fall within the Federal Election Campaign Act, you would have to have express words of advocacy of election or defeat, such as ``vote for,'' ``elect,'' ``support,'' ``cast your ballot for,'' ``Smith for Congress,'' ``vote against,'' ``defeat'' or ``reject.''  They have had 21 years to revisit that standard, 21 years to decide the Federal Election Commission knew better than the courts about how to craft this language, 21 years to change its mind, new judges coming onto the bench and old judges leaving, and the Court has never changed its mind, up to and including today when it refused to grant certiorari on a lower court decision, in effect upholding the same language that has been on the books since 1976.  So, Mr. President, I think this is an important addition to the debate. I hope that Senators will note that the Supreme Court is not of a mind to change its opinion on issue advocacy versus express advocacy, one of the important issues that we have been debating here in the context of the proposed McCain-Feingold bill.  I yield the floor.  