 GORTON. Yes. I am quite certain that Kentucky would--with the exception of the modification that we made with respect to title I, where the proportions will be identical next year to what they are in the present year. We have a slight poverty-based preference in this bill. We divide the 50 States --or the 48 States other than Alaska and Hawaii--into five categories, and the 10 richest States have their allocation multiplied by .9, the 10 poorest States by 1.1, and the States in between by 1.05, 1.0, or .95, respectively, so that the student in the poor State gets a greater degree of aid than the student in a rich State.  Mr. McCONNELL. I thank my friend from Washington.  Madam President, I think the explanation of the distinguished Senator from Washington makes it quite clear that support for his amendment would mean more money for the school districts of my State of Kentucky and substantially fewer regulations with which they would have to comply.  It seems to me, Madam President, as education moves into the position of No. 1 on the interest chart of the American people, it is our responsibility here at the Federal level to think of ways that we can further enhance American education and help those who are really doing the job, which are obviously the local school districts and the parents of our country.  So I commend the Senator from Washington for a superb amendment and indicate my enthusiastic support for the Gorton amendment. I urge my colleagues, when we finally have a vote, to resoundingly support a proposal that clearly will benefit the school districts and the children of America.  Madam President, few would dispute that one of the primary concerns of American families today is the quality of education that our children receive. I am sure that other Members of the Senate have heard from concerned parents as I have. They don't understand why instruction in the most basic skills has fallen to the wayside, and they fear that a rudderless education will leave their children adrift and unprepared for the future.  Nearly everyone involved in education today--parents, teachers, administrators, and legislators--wants to improve the quality of learning in America. But the quest for education reform will only be successful if the classrooms--the classrooms--have the money they need to implement change and follow-through on the academic programming our children need.  When the Senate approves funding for education, most of our constituents believe--and trust--that those moneys are going directly to their child's school. But, the numbers show that this is not the case. An examination reveals that out of $100 billion in Federal education support, local schools received only $13 billion. Let me repeat--$13 billion of $100 billion. Where is this money going? It's supporting paper-pushing and concept discussions in the Washington, DC education offices of adults while our children starve for learning aides and chalk at home.  Senator Gorton's amendment to S. 1061 seeks to help our children by actually providing their schools with the funds we assign to them. This amendment consolidates selected Federal education funds for kindergarten through 12th grade and sends the money directly to school districts. State and local education agencies can then use these additional funds to design and operate the quality education programs families are begging for. It does not change the administration of funds for special education, professional development for teachers, adult education, education research, the national writing project, impact aid, and other similar programs.  This amendment will not undermine education in America. It seeks to strengthen a teetering educational system by focusing our resources on the construction of a firm foundation--strong schools. I am confident that Kentucky communities can use these funds to better their future. Local educators must negotiate through a teeming swamp of administrative rules and regulations in order to meet the day-to-day needs of their students. They need flexibility to implement change and determine what works. The Gortonamendment provides the first key step to stronger schools across America--funding children's education not layers of repetitive bureaucracy. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of the Gorton amendment and its promise to help our Nation's schools fulfill their commitment to our children and communities.  