 President, I rise in support of the Byrd/Hagel resolution. This legislation expresses the sense of the Senate regarding the conditions for the United States to become a signatory to any international agreement on global climate change. Consideration of this legislation is critical to shaping the upcoming debate on global climate issues and amending the Framework Convention on Global Climate Change. An upcoming meeting in Kyoto, Japan, has the potential to cripple our economic potential, while allowing the emissions from less developed nations to grow unchecked.  The Rio Treaty signed by President Bush called for industrialized nations to voluntarily reduce greenhouse gas emissions to 1990 levels or lower by the year 2000. All but two countries will miss the goals, including the United States which missed the mark by 10 percent. The administration blamed this on low fuel prices and a strong economy. Mr. President, this is not a liability or something the United States should apologize for.  Nonetheless, in an effort to reverse this success, the Clinton administration signed on to the Berlin mandate in 1995. This is an agreement of industrialized nations to further reduce emissions after 2000. Unfortunately, this agreement exempts 130 developing countries from reductions or commitments in greenhouse gases. This enormous loophole will guarantee the failure of this agreement. In 1996, the administration decided that it would use the Berlin mandate to create a new treaty with legally binding mandates on emission levels.  Mr. President, I am very concerned with the administration's intention to sign an agreement that commits the United States to legally-binding emissions levels that will not achieve significant environmental gains. The fatal flaw of this agreement is that it exempts developing nations, including China which is estimated to exceed the United States in greenhouse gas emissions by 2015. By 2010, the share of U.S. global emissions will fall from 20 percent to just 10 percent as developing nations continue to grow in population and industrial capability. By the year 2100, developing nations are estimated to produce three-quarters of the total greenhouse gases.  In testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on July 21, Under Secretary Tim Wirth argued this agreement was like a row boat and the United States should ``pull a heavier oar at the beginning; over time, we must all pull together.''  Mr. President, anybody who has ever operated a rowboat knows that when you pull harder on one oar you end up going in circles. And that is precisely what this agreement will do. It won't achieve any net environmental gains and worse, will succeed in sending our economy into a tailspin.  Left unchanged, this agreement will provide a significant advantage to our competitors. In order to achieve lower emission levels, new energy costs and other costly regulatory burdens required to reduce energy use reduce our competitive advantage in all industries. It is likely to force our most energy-intensive industries like steel,aluminum, chemicals, refining, and paper production to move overseas. Mr. President, this is unacceptable.  Study after study has demonstrated that this agreement would cripple our economy. A DRI/McGraw Hill study shows our Nation's GDP would be reduced annually by 2 to 3 percent. According to the AFL-CIO, between 1.25 million and 1.5 million U.S. jobs would be lost. These jobs would reemerge in other countries where, as a result of the flawed agreement, emission levels and high energy taxes are not a concern. On top of this consumer costs would rise by $50 to $100 billion annually. Higher energy prices would mean increased costs on all goods including groceries, electricity, and gasoline.  Mr. President, I represent a State that this treaty puts right in the cross hairs. There are 25,000 people whose jobs are tied directly to the coal industry. Higher energy taxes, like the Btu tax proposed by this administration, hits coal harder than any other energy source. Thousands of well-paying jobs would be lost in my State as this administration seeks to eliminate coal as our primary energy source, while giving developing nations an unfair advantage.  It is important to keep in mind that coal provides over 50 percent of our power needs nationwide. This is the low cost fuel source that helps maintain this Nation's competitive edge and reduces increased dependency on foreign oil.  Not only would the Kentucky mining industry be devastated, but industries across my State would feel the impact of higher energy prices. As I noted earlier, industries like chemical, steel, paper, and aluminum would be greatly impacted. Three of our leading manufacturers General Electric, Ford and Toyota use significant amounts of energy. The 30,000 jobs at these facilities would all be threatened by our foreign competitors.  The Byrd/Hagel resolution addresses the unfairness in the agreement being considered by the administration. This resolution mandates specific scheduled commitments to limit or reduce greenhouse gas emission for developing nations, with the same compliance period.  If every nation doesn't agree to the same emission levels and timetables, what incentive will they have to negotiate in the future when they have an overwhelming competitive advantage? It is important that we not bargain away the economic advantages we have worked so hard to achieve.  Passage of this resolution will send a clear message to the administration when they begin negotiations in Kyoto. I am hopeful this will prevent the administration from signing an unacceptable agreement that puts the burden of cleaning up the environment on American workers just to have these gains wiped out by developing nations.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to join me in sending a strong message to the administration by voting for the Byrd/Hagel resolution. This is a vote for jobs and a vote for the environment.  