 Since then, the FDA's responsibility to protect the health and safety of American consumers from unsafe products has expanded to cover over one-third of the products sold in our Nation.  While medical research and technological developments have revolutionized our Nation's capacity to advance the public health, the FDA's adherence to bureaucratic and inefficient practices threatens to undermine the potential benefit of these hard-earned innovations. In the 1950's, it took a new drug or medical device approximately 8 years or less to achieve FDA approval. Today, the average time for approval runs between 12 to 15 years. Over the course of 20 years, the FDA's product approval system has undergone careful study by Congress, investigational committees, and the FDA itself, and each has identified key areas of reform that would enhance FDA performance.  This week, the U.S. Senate considers vital legislation to ensure that the FDA can successfully fulfill its core mission to protect public health and safety through priority management, timely review of product applications, and effective use of expert resources. S. 830, the Food and Drug Administration Modernization and Accountability Act, reflects the fundamental recommendation of the Advisory Committee on the Food and Drug Administration that the FDA ``should be guided by the principle that expeditious approval of useful and safe new products enhances the health of the American people.'' The Advisory Committee noted that product approval ``can be as important as preventing the marketing of harmful or ineffective products, . . . especially . . . for people with life-threatening illnesses and for diseases for which alternative therapies have not been approved.'' In other words, antiquated procedures that promote unnecessary delays in the review of new products and therapies fail to promote the public health.  In recent weeks, misinformation regarding the purpose and application of S. 830 reforms has been disseminated. As a supporter of S. 830 and a member of the Senate Committee on Labor and Human Resources, I want to clarify the objectives of this important legislative initiative.  First, this bill clearly sets forth the FDA's mission to protect the public health by ensuring products meet appropriate regulatory standards, and to act promptly and efficiently in its review of clinical research and other information relevant to the marketing of approved products.  Second, S. 830 responds to increasing public concern on the lack of access to investigational products for patients suffering from serious or life-threatening diseases. The FDA has established programs for the compassionate use of investigational products, however, only a limited number of patients have benefited from these opportunities. This bill will enable any patient with a seriously debilitating or immediately life-threatening condition to gain access to an investigational drug or device if the request is made by a licensed physician and the product's use meets the FDA's standards for expanded access. S. 830 also improves patient access to new therapies through a new fast-track drug approval process.  Third, the bill addresses key deficiencies in the assessment of pharmaceutical effects on children. Currently, there is no systematic means for testing drug safety and efficacy for pediatric use. S. 830 will allow the Secretary to request pediatric clinical trials for new drug applications and provide an extra 6 months of market exclusivity to manufacturers who voluntarily meet conditions under the trial program.  Fourth, this measure will improve the availability of health care economics information for medical providers, and create data bases about on-going research and clinical trials for new lifesaving therapies for patients. Access to clear, concise information will help both health care professionals and patients identify the best course of medical treatment available.  Fifth, S. 830 contains a series of reforms to assure that the FDA utilizes the scientific expertise of qualified Federal agencies, like the National Institutes of Health, and accredited outside organizations in order to improve the timeliness and quality of product reviews. The bill also contains reforms to ensure that the application process for new products is governed by consistent and equitable regulatory requirements in the areas of product classification, review, and approval.  Sixth, this measure reaffirms the FDA's accountability for the performance of its Federal obligations. As a member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee for Agriculture, I have repeatedly questioned the FDA regarding its failure to prioritize resources for the fulfillment of its statutory requirements. In response to these concerns, S. 830 requires the FDA to develop a clear plan outlining how it will comply with its obligations under Federal statute, and report to Congress annually on the plan's implementation. In addition, the FDA must streamline and update procedures for product review and inspection so its resources are applied cost effectively.  Seventh, S. 830 contains targeted reforms for food regulation. The bill simplifies the approval process for indirect food contact substances. It provides a more reasonable standard for the use of bona fide health claims based on the authoritative recommendations of qualified scientific bodies, such as the National Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. While food reforms take on a minor role in this bill, I look forwardto working with my fellow members on legislation that will more thoroughly address the regulatory concerns of the food industry.  Finally, S. 830 reauthorizes the Prescription Drug User Fee Act. In 1992, the FDA and pharmaceutical industry agreed to the collection of additive user fees to pay for the additional staff needed to rectify delays in the review of new drug applications. This reauthorization proposal seeks to build upon those successes through new performance goals and equipment modernization plans. PDUFA serves as a clear example that the FDA can work with regulated industry and consumers to advance the public health through priority management and efficient use of resources.  Madam President, S. 830 has been formed brick by brick from inclusive, bipartisan negotiations by representatives of the FDA, the Clinton administration, the U.S. Senate, industry, and consumer groups. The purpose of this bill is not to weaken the FDA's ability to defend the public health, but rather to enhance its capacity to fulfill this statutory obligation. Whether the issue is food safety or a breakthrough medical treatment, our Nation's researchers will only be successful if the FDA is prepared to effectively respond to the quickening pace of scientific discovery. S. 830 lays this essential foundation for the FDA's future, and I urge my colleagues to join in its approval.  