 LEVIN. I think the language of the Furgatch case is such that it is much more than the magic words which determine whether or not an advertisement effectively supports the election or defeat of a candidate. Just to read some of the language from Furgatch, what Furgatch does, of course, is look at that famous --as my good friend from Kentucky knows--footnote in the Buckley case, footnote 52, which uses seven magic words. The question is, are those the only words which determine whether or not an ad advocates expressly the election or defeat of a candidate?  Here is the Furgatch test. Here is what the Furgatch case says:       We begin with the proposition that ``express advocacy'' is      not limited to communications using certain key phrases. The      short list of words included in the Supreme Court's opinion      in Buckley does not exhaust the capacity of the English      language to expressly advocate the election or defeat of a      candidate. A test requiring the magic words ``elect,''      ``support'' or their nearly perfect synonyms for a finding of      express advocacy would preserve the first amendment right of      unfettered expression only at the expense of eviscerating the      Federal Election Campaign Act. Independent campaign spenders      working on behalf of candidates could remain just beyond the      reach of the act by avoiding certain key words while      conveying a message that is unmistakably directed to the      election or defeat of a named candidate.  So they then provided an alternative test. We are now talking about the ninth circuit in Furgatch, which says that the term ``express advocacy'' means a communication that advocates the election or defeat of a candidate by expressing unmistakable and unambiguous support for or opposition to one or more clearly identified candidates when taken as a whole and with limited reference to external events such as proximity to an election.  Now, that test was basically adopted by the Federal Election Commission in its current regulation. So we have a current regulation which basically adopts the unmistakable test. Under the law, as I understand it, Congress had about 30 days within which to review that regulation. We did not overturn that regulation of the Federal Election Commission. It has to date, in a case which the Supreme Court refused to review, been left in limbo in the case.  The Supreme Court, by the way, it has been said in the Chamber here, struck down Furgatch, or more accurately----  Mr. McCONNELL. I didn't hear anyone say that.  