  My guess is, absent the words ``vote for,'' or ``vote against,'' the others that we went over in the Buckley case, the Court would in all likelihood say those voters are perfectly free to make candidate Winston Bryant very uncomfortable before his election.  And I understand that the Senator from Wisconsin and the Senator from Arizona would like to change that standard and give the Supreme Court another chance to try to reach a different decision.  Let me tell you why, Madam President, I think it is extremely unlikely that the Court would go in the direction that the Senator from Wisconsin would like it to go. Referring again to the American Civil Liberties Union, America's experts on the first amendment, dealing with the restrictions on independent expenditures and issue advocacy in the bill we are discussing.  They say the new restrictions on independent expenditure are improperly intruding upon the core area of electoral speech and invading the absolutely protected area of issue advocacy--absolutely protected area of issue advocacy.  The ACLU went on: Two basic truths have emerged with crystal clarity after 20 years of campaign finance decisions-- 20 years. This is not a new area of the law; 20 years of campaign finance decisions.  First, independent expenditures for express electoral advocacy by citizen groups about political candidates lie at the very core of the meaning and purpose of the first amendment. This is not some peripheral area here--the very core of the first amendment.  Second, issue advocacy by citizen groups lie totally outside the permissible area of Government regulation. So I say to my friend from Wisconsin, my prediction that no matter how much candidate Bryant may not have liked that criticism, my prediction that the Court is likely to uphold the ability of citizens to band together and engage in that criticism is based not on some kind of speculation but on 20 years of decisions in this field.  So I guess my prediction, in answer to the question the Senator from Wisconsin asked, is that I don't think there is any chance the Court would allow the Congress to make it tougher for people to criticize us. There is absolutely no hint in 20 years of cases in this area that the Court is going to backtrack and give us the ability to quiet our critics. We would love to do this.  One thing I am sure the Senator from Wisconsin and I agree on, we don't like this kind of thing. We really would prefer not to be criticized by either of these avenues, whether it is independent expenditures or whether it is express advocacy, we don't like it. I think we can stipulate that.  However, the Court has been rather clear over 20 years that we are not going to be able to quiet these voices. So my prediction would be that they would not allow us to do it.  There are others who want to speak. I yield the floor.  