 President, I wanted to take a minute to express my deep satisfaction with the results produced by the conference on the emergency supplemental bill. The negotiations were complicated by how many issues were in play, but the chairman did a masterful job at methodically and successfully working through each and every item. Chairman Stevens' patience and perseverance are why we are here today.  I want to take note of two sections of particular importance to me. First, the transportation chapter includes language which is essential to Kentucky. This legislation provides for a long overdue funding correction in Federal-aid highway funding. As a result of anaccounting error, Kentucky's highway funding in 1996 resulted in a loss of Federal funds. This bill will provide Kentucky with $29.8 million to correct this funding shortfall. I am pleased to report that this level exceeds the $12.6 million requested by the Governor to complete the William H. Natcher Bridge. I know the people of Daviess County and western Kentucky look to the completion of this bridge.  Second the foreign operations chapter in the House bill included language giving the President permission to waive earmarks for Ukraine which the Senate had included in last year's bill. This waiver authority was being offered in response to a deteriorating situation involving corruption and a slow down on crucial economic reforms. Congressman Callahan and I have very different views on the need for earmarks, but we share a concern about the trends in Ukraine. We were able to craft a compromise which made clear we are not content with the pace or scope of reform by allowing the President to waive any earmark as it affects aid to the Government of Ukraine. The compromise exempted important projects such as nuclear safety and all activities carried out by the private sector and nongovernment organizations. Most importantly, we did not permit any reduction in the overall level of the aid we provided--the $225 million stands intact. Should the administration choose to withhold or suspend funds for the government, they must reallocate the funds to other programs within Ukraine.  We have sent a clear and focused message to the government that reforms are essential if businesses are going to have the confidence to invest. But, we have narrowly crafted that message so that we do not damage our bilateral relationship or the support we provide to organizations committed to advancing both Ukrainian and American interests. Both Congressman Callahan and I will review the progress made on this important issue when we take up the fiscal year 1998 bills in the coming weeks. I want to congratulate him on concentrating our attention on Ukraine's problem and working so effectively with me and my Senate colleagues to produce a compromise which we all hope will generate real results.    direct operating loan funds for low-income and minority farmers  