 President, I rise today to lend my voice to the chorus of support for adding a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.  For a generation, this Government has spent billions more than it has received, all the while talking, always talking, about the urgent need to balance the Federal budget. History has borne out the facts: No matter how well-intentioned the debate, Congress has failed for the past 28 years to balance the budget.  Since coming to the Senate 12 years ago, I have listened to those who oppose a balanced budget tell the American people that all we need is courage to get our fiscal house in order. Yet, year after year, Congress runs up billions upon billions on the public credit card that must be paid for by future generations. What right do we have to ask our children and grandchildren to pay for today's excesses?  Mr. President, the time for talk has passed. Now is the time for action.  Like most Americans, I am outraged that interest on the debt has become the third largest item in the Federal budget. According to the President's budget for fiscal year 1998, the U.S. Government will spend $250 billion in net interest costs, which makes up nearly 15 percent of the total budget. That means, we spend four times more on interest than we do on education, training, and employment combined. We spend 10 times more on interest than we spend on the administration of justice.  We are the greatest Nation on earth, and yet we spend more retiring debt than we do on educating our children? This is madness and it must stop.  Mr. President, it does not have to be this bad. If we pass a balanced budget we can give families relief by reducing interest rates on borrowing for items like home mortgages and school loans. A typical family would save $1,500 per year in interest payments. Think of how that money could be put to better use: saving for a college education, investing in a secure retirement, or maybe enjoying a long anticipated vacation.  Sadly, the path to a balanced budget is now being blocked by determined and enthusiastic partisan gamesmanship. Opponents of a balanced budget have decided to play on the fears of seniors. In words which recall last year's shameless mediscare campaign, the balanced budget amendment is attacked and misrepresented--all while the national debt whirs wildly out of control.  Mr. President, I will spend exactly one sentence answering this Social Security red herring. The best way to ensure the solvency of the Social Security Program is to balance the budget now. Clever legislative shell games will not add a single day to the life of Social Security, only a balanced budget will do that.  So the decision is ours. Do we want to balance the budget or not. And if not now, when? Our children want to know.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support the balanced budget amendment.  Mr. President, the American people are rightfully skeptical that this Congress will balance the budget, not only in 7 years but for every year thereafter. Why are they skeptical? For a generation, for a generation we have failed our children and grandchildren by piling up a mountain of debt to the tune of over $5 trillion. So the American people are saying, ``If you need some assistance in doing the job, why don't you mandate--so that you have no discretion--mandate that we have a balanced budget in the future?'' It is the only way to protect our country. It is the only way to have a country fit to live in for our children and their children.  We all know what has happened. The debt is the third largest item in the Federal budget. We are spending more on retiring the debt than we are on educating our children. It is time to call it to a halt, to get our fiscal affairs in order.  Mr. President, a constitutional amendment to require us to do the job each year, for the future, is the only way to achieve this goal.  