 President, I congratulate my friend and colleague from Kentucky, Senator Ford, for his statement on behalf of the tobacco growers of our State.  Mr. President, the Durbin amendment is not directed at the tobacco companies; it's directed at the tobacco farmer. We don't have many big farmers in my State. We have about 60,000 tobacco growers in 119 of our 120 counties. They are everywhere. And the average base in Kentucky, Mr. President, is about an acre.  The profile of a typical tobacco farm family in Kentucky:  The husband probably works in the factory, the wife probably works in a cut-and-sew plant. They tend to their 1 acre of burley tobacco, and they sell it in the November and December auction, which provides for Christmas money and, for a lot of families, a lot more than Christmas money--Christmas plus a lot of other things they need for their families during the course of the year.  Now, the Durbin amendment seeks to drive these tobacco farmers out of business, as if somehow, if you drove the tobacco farmers out of business, there would not be any more tobacco grown. Of course, it would be grown. It would just be grown by others. It would be grown in big corporate farms of hundreds of thousands of acres under contract with the companies.  So bear in mind, my colleagues, you do nothing to terminate the growth of tobacco by driving the little tobacco grower out of business. It serves no useful purpose. Tobacco is going to be grown. It is going to be grown in this country, overseas, and already is grown in virtually a great many countries in the world. It is going to be grown, and nobody is proposing to make it illegal. The only issue before us, Mr. President, is who grows it? Who grows it? The tobacco program, which the tobacco growers themselves and the companies pay for at no net cost to the Government, guarantees that the production is in a whole lot of hands. In the case of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, it is in over 60,000 hands.  Senator Durbin's amendment prohibits tobacco farmers from obtaining Federal crop insurance, as well as disaster payments. That is clearly directed at the farmer, the grower, not at the companies. The companies are going to get their tobacco, Mr. President. They are either going to get it from large corporate farmers under contract, or they will get it overseas. But they will get their tobacco, even if the 1-acre burley grower in Kentucky that Senator Ford and I represent is out of business and a whole lot poorer.  Currently, 1,500 crops are eligible for disaster payments under the noninsured assistance program. These are crops that are already eligible for traditional crop insurance. Therefore, if Senator Durbin's amendment passed, in a natural disaster most small tobacco farmers would simply not be ableto recover their losses, putting them out of business. That is why I say--and as Senator Ford has said--this is an amendment directed at the farmer and not at the companies.  We have been plagued in Kentucky this year by natural disasters, as many other areas have as well, and with every other unpredictable element that farmers have to deal with--disease, labor, incredibly high expenses. Imagine that we would take away their only meager defense against Mother Nature just because they farm a legal commodity. It is simply unfair.  The amendment of the Senator from Illinois prevents many small- and medium-sized farmers from receiving protection against what could be catastrophic risks. Farmers may invest up to $2,800 per acre growing tobacco. Many of them do. A natural disaster--a loss of this magnitude--simply could not be overcome. So we are talking here about farmers who depend on their income from this crop.  Additionally, it is important to note that banks and lending institutions will find it difficult to approve loans for farmers who cannot obtain crop insurance. So we come down to the real issue here.  Senator Durbin's amendment unfairly singles out tobacco farmers and tobacco-farming communities who grow a legal crop simply to try to get at the tobacco companies. Eliminating crop insurance for tobacco farmers does nothing to stop growing of tobacco or punish cigarette companies. The only individuals injured are those who can least afford it, those closest to the poverty level, and those most likely to be unable to find or afford alternative private insurance.  There is a lot of discussion about alternative private insurance. I don't think my typical grower with a 2,500-pound base is going to be able to afford to do that and still purchase that, and still grow the crop profitably. This amendment is not going to stop people from smoking. It will only hurt U.S. tobacco growers for whom tobacco pays the bills--not the big companies.  Tobacco farming, as we all know, is the starting point of over $15 billion that goes to Federal, State, and local governments in tax revenue, and contributes an additional $6 billion to the U.S. balance of trade. That is a $6 billion positive balance of trade.  By ignoring the need for disaster relief for the tobacco farmers, the precedent is being set for the elimination of crop insurance for other major commodities.  In 1994, we passed a law to end ad hoc disaster programs and have crop insurance be the primary risk management tool for farmers.  By ignoring the need for disaster relief for just one set of farmers--tobacco farmers who suffer natural disasters in the same manner that corn, wheat, soybean, and other farmers do--a precedent is being set to eliminate crop insurance for other commodities.  Mr. President, as Senator Ford has pointed out, Secretary Glickman is opposed to this amendment. The Farm Credit Council is opposed to this amendment. And the American Association of Crop Insurers is opposed as well.  Crop insurance is to protect families. That is what crop insurance is about: Helping to minimize the financial interruptions to their plans and lifestyles due to crop losses.  These are families who usually work two jobs, as I suggested earlier. In my State, these are not rich farmers. We are talking about people who cultivate about an acre of tobacco on the side, in addition to their normal sources of income. These farmers aren't in a business where they have excess amounts of money in savings. Everything is calculated, and income from tobacco is relied upon. By having crop insurance, it gives farmers, bankers, and communities peace of mind through income stability and minimizing risk.  Crop insurance also provides farm lenders with collateral that helps minimize liens on other assets, obviously avoiding or reducing a farmer's needs to rely on credit.  As I believe my colleague from Kentucky pointed out, Secretary Glickman said:       I am determined that everyone will have access to crop      insurance, large farmers and small farmers alike, especially      those with limited resources--minorities and producers--in      all areas of the country.  That certainly describes the 60,000 tobacco growers of Kentucky.  This amendment would have a particularly detrimental effect on thousands of small farmers in States like my own. An overwhelming majority of crop insurance policies in this area are sold to small farmers. Therefore, eliminating crop insurance for tobacco will not fulfill the Secretary's promise to poorer farmers. Rather, this amendment is squarely in opposition to the Department's stated policy of fighting discrimination against minorities and economically disadvantaged farmers.  Let me sum it up again. This amendment is directed at the farmer who is growing a legal crop. To the extent that this small farmer finds it difficult to acquire crop insurance, the potential for disaster for these small farm families is greatly enhanced.  The Durbin amendment does nothing to fight smoking. It does nothing to punish the companies. In fact, it is directed at the heart of the farming areas in the southeastern part of the United States.  I repeat: The average grower in Kentucky has about 2,500 pounds. That is about 1 acre. You push that fellow out of business, and tobacco will still be grown. It is going to be grown by big corporate farms. They are not going to be particularly concerned about this crop insurance issue. They do not have any trouble paying for it.  This amendment serves no useful purpose. If you want to fight smoking, this amendment is only directed at low- and medium-income farmers in places like the Commonwealth of Kentucky.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  