 Since I have not yet spoken on issue advocacy, I want to pick up for a few moments what we were discussing at the end of the colloquy with the Senator from Massachusetts. On the question of issue advocacy, the Court has not been vague on this at all. This is not a gray area.  The Court has been quite precise in the area of issue advocacy. Issue advocacy is criticism of us. Groups are entitled to do it at any time they want to and as loud as they want to. We never like it. We can stipulate that we never like it. Now, the biggest group in America in the field of issue advocacy on television is the AFL-CIO, and it is mostly targeted to Members of my party. We can stipulate that we do not like it worth a darn. But no effort to try to restrict that through legislation in the Congress is going to change it.  It is not a gray area. The Nation's experts on the first amendment, I think we would all agree, is the American Civil Liberties Union. In a letter to me earlier this year, they said this about the provisions in McCain-Feingold dealing with issue advocacy. This is the exact quote, Mr. President:       Worst of all is S. 25's blunderbuss assault on issue-     oriented speech. The weapon is an unconstitutional expansion      of the definition of ``expressed advocacy'' in order to sweep      classic issue speech within the zone of regulation as      independent expenditures.  So let me just make it simple. There isn't any chance, Mr. President--no chance--that through legislation, we can shut up all of these groups who seek to criticize us. We can stipulate that we do not like it, but they are going to keep on doing it. No amount of standing up here on the floor of the Senate and arguing that somehow we are going to be able to purify the process and get rid of all these critics is going to get the job done.  In this whole field, Mr. President, at the end of the day we get back to the Constitution. You begin and you end this debate with the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, as the Senator from Utah has pointed out. This is core political speech, according to the U.S. Supreme Court. That is not Mitch McConnell's interpretation. That is not Bob Bennett's interpretation. This is the law of the land. As the Senator from Utah said, when you start moving around in this field, you better tread lightly. The courts were not only good in the Buckley case, they have been good since. The whole trend has been to more broaden the area of permissible political discourse in this country.  The Court has said it is impermissible for us to decide how much political speech is enough--impermissible. In spite of that, the reformers persist in promoting the notion that it is somehow desirable for the Federal Government to determine how much political discourse we are going to have in our campaigns in this country.  You hear them say time and time again--we heard it this morning, and we will hear it next week--``We're spending too much in American politics.''  Remember what the Supreme Court says that means: that they are saying, ``We're speaking too much. We're speaking too much.'' How much is too much?  Last year, there was a lot of political speaking because there was a war on out there for the future of the country. We had a change in 1994, and a Republican Congress came in for the first time in 40 years. The status quo forces didn't like it, and they fought back in 1996. A good deal was said. That is speech. A lot of it cost money, and spending did go up.  When all was said and done, I say to my friend Utah, we spent per eligible voter last year $3.89, about the price of a McDonald's value meal. Looking at it another way, of all the commercials that were shown on television last year, 1 percent of them were political commercials. And they say we are speaking too much. They think it is a good idea to shut all these people up, shut down those outside groups that are criticizing us, put a cap on how much a campaign can say.  Who gets the power then? Conspicuously exempted--and I am not arguing we ought to take away the exemption--but conspicuously exempted from the Federal Election Campaign Act is the press.  I have looked and I have searched to see whether there is any provision in here, and I say to my friend from Utah, that the press cannot criticize us in the last 60 days of an election. I have been looking feverishly to see if I can find if there is any prohibition on the press endorsing candidates in the last 60 days of the election. Maybe I just have not read this carefully enough, but I cannot seem to find it.  So what we are talking about here is a transfer of power away from groups that want to comment about our record and talk about us, frequently in an unfavorable way. The original version of McCain-Feingold wanted to shut up the campaigns themselves so they could not talk too much. And I hear from Senator McCain, he is going to offer an amendment to try to bring that back.  We shut down the campaigns and we shut down the issue groups. Who gets to talk? Who gets to talk about Government interference in the last 60 days of the election? Why, the press gets to talk. We know darn good and well that all of this issue advocacy restriction in here is flatout unconstitutional and is not a question in anybody's mind that knows anything about the Supreme Court.  OK, so issue advocacy survives in the courts. Even if we passed it here, somehow that spending limits on campaigns survives, so you are going down the home stretch, you are in the last few days, and the campaign runs out of money and you can't say anything. But the labor unions are there with issue advocacy, they have raised their money by checking off union dues, taking it in many instances from people involuntarily. They are hammering away at you, the liberal press is running exposes on the front page and endorsing your opponent on the editorial page--welcome to the brave new world of campaign finance reform where the groups are shut up, the candidates are shut up, and the press is running the game.  Now, the good news is the Court will not allow this to happen. But what is sad is that anybody would even be proposing this. What is disturbing is that anybody would even be suggesting that it would be a good idea to have less political discourse in this country.  There is a lot of discussion going on all the time about public affairs in this country. The press is talking about it every day. Most objective studies would indicate that 85 to 90 percent of the people in that line of the work are on the left. Hollywood is making statements all the time about what kind of society we have. Many of us feel about 100 percent of them are on the left. So you have the press on the left, you have Hollywood on the left, and the candidates and the groups with the Government clamping down on what they can say in the heat of a campaign. It sounds like something straight out of Orwell's ``1984.'' Yet there is serious discussion here on the floor of the U.S. Senate that this somehow would be an improvement in the American political system.  Write it down--we are not speaking too much in the American political process. We are not going to pass this unconstitutional piece of legislation. If we were foolish enough to do it, the courts would strike it down. The argument we hear is the people are crying out for us to do this, that they are just desperate for us to pass this kind of legislation. Let me say in a survey taken just a few months ago by a reputable polling firm which I was just looking at this week, they asked 1,017 registered voters open-ended what they thought the most important problem in America was, and not a single one of them mentioned campaign finance reform. Then the pollsters thought maybe it will be different if they put it on the list, so they put it on a list of 10 topics. It came in dead last of the 10.  We will hear time and time again, as I have today, and we will hear it more next week, that everyone is clamoring for us to pass this big Government solution to this nonexistent problem of too much political discussion in this country. Eighty-seven percent of the people, by the way, would be less likely to vote for a Member who supports unconstitutional reform.  Now the proponents of this legislation this week sent out a press release saying they had found 126 people who said this bill was constitutional. My reaction to that is that I could probably find 126 people who say the Earth is flat. But the people who handle this litigation, America's experts on the first amendment--the American Civil Liberties Union, and clear and unambiguous decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court--make it abundantly clear that this is unconstitutional.  Now, the people of the United States did not send us up here to pass blatantly unconstitutional legislation. Sure, you can craft a question that will get the answer you want. Spending limits on the surface sounds like a good idea. If you ask people if they are in favor of spending limits they will say yes. On the other hand, if you rephrase the question and say do you think there ought to be a limit on how many people can participate in your campaign, 99 percent of them will say no. The same issue expressed a different way.  So the people are not clamoring for us to shut down political discussion in this country. They are not clamoring for us to push people out of the process. They are not asking us to make it impossible for them to criticize our records in proximity to an election. Sure, if you ask them about the influence of special interests they will say that is a terrible thing. Do you know the definition of a special interest, Mr. President? Special interest is a group that is against what I am trying to do. But of course the organization I belong to--whether it is the VFW, the Farm Bureau, the National Rifle Association or the Electrical Workers Union--we are not a special interest. We are a bunch of Americans trying to do the right thing for our country. The term special interest is meaningless. It is a pejorative term applied to any group opposed to what we want done.  As a practical matter, the founders of this country knew that there would be a seething cauldron of special interests. They expected us to organize. They expected us to contribute to campaigns. They expected us to be criticized if we came here to serve in the Senate or in the House. We were not to be above criticism. They envisioned lobbyists. That is another part of the First Amendment. It gives people the right to petition the Government. A lobbyist, of course, is a person working for a group trying to do something I'm against. But the person we have hired to represent our group in Washington is doing the right thing.  Mr. President, this is going to be a good debate. There may be an effort in this bill to shut off campaigns, to quiet the voices of independent groups who want to criticize us, but there is going to be plenty of discussion on this issue here in the Senate. I hope, Mr. President, that many people will take an opportunity to listen in because when they hear the words ``campaign finance reform,'' they don't understand that generally means somebody is trying to put the Government in charge of their ability to participate in the American political process.  I yield the floor.  