 President, this is a very significant bill. I want to commend the Senator from Georgia for his leadership which has brought us to this point this year. As he knows, I introduced similar legislation in 1990 and in 1993 and again in 1995. So I take particular pride in seeing it moved to this point where, hopefully, it will pass the Senate in the next minutes ahead.  This bill really, Mr. President, comes from the grassroots of American voluntarism. This bill sprang from the concerns and complaints of volunteers and national leaders in the volunteer community, thoughts of the men and women who are on the frontlines in our national volunteer efforts.  Just last week over on the House side we heard from Terry Orr, a former Washington Redskins football player. He said when he came into the NFL a few years ago players were asked to volunteer, and they responded, ``Just tell me where to go.'' There was not a moment's hesitation. In today's litigious world, players are asked to volunteer, and they respond, as Terry Orr said, ``Do we have coverage?''  Players are afraid to play a benefit ballgame or do any kind of volunteer activity without engaging in extensive discussions with their lawyers. That is today's environment, Mr. President.  Lynn Swann, another famous football player with the Pittsburgh Steelers, is a commentator on one of the networks. He was also at that press conference. He is the immediate past president of Big Brothers/Big Sisters of America. This is what he had to say. He said in the late 1980's the Big Brothers/Big Sisters federation endorsed Federal volunteer protection legislation. According to Lynn Swann, the Big Brothers and Big Sisters organization endorsed the legislation because ``a series of high visibility law suits against direct service volunteers had dampened [the] enthusiasm for volunteering in our program.''  He went on to say the legislation was necessary because: ``We [can] not afford to lose prospective, high quality volunteers due to liability fears.''  That was Lynn Swann and Terry Orr, two former professional football players, just expressing their own experience in this highly litigious society in which we live and how it affects the willingness of people to volunteer their time.  William Cople, former pro bono general counsel for the National Capital Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America has written as follows:       Volunteer service is under assault from an unlikely      quarter--the civil justice system.  The civil justice system.       Like so many others, volunteers and their service      organizations have been swept into the courts to face      potential liability in civil suits.  Thomas L. Jones of Habitat for Humanity International also testified just this past week that volunteers across the United States have declined service on Habitat for Humanity boards ``because of perceived liability responsibility.''  Mr. President, the bill before us protects volunteers who serve on the boards of nonprofit organizations.  H.R. 911, a bill over on the House side, however, provides little protection for volunteers who want to serve as officers on nonprofit boards. H.R. 911 defines volunteer so narrowly that it excludes anyone who receives reimbursement for expenses of $300 per year. And H.R. 911 would not--I repeat, not--cover a volunteer who serves in a rape crisis center or a child abuse center and gets reimbursed $30 a month for reasonable expenses, such as transportation costs. In other words, the bill over in the House is simply too narrow.  Our bill allows a volunteer to be fully reimbursed for reasonable expenses.  The opponents of volunteer protection argue that: This legislation is not necessary because there is no comprehensive digest of jury awards against volunteers. That is the argument.  First, let me say I have already cited several examples of outrageous lawsuits and jury verdicts. Second, the fact that jury verdicts are not rendered against volunteers every month is simply not relevant--simply not relevant.  Most lawsuits settle before trial and thus are unreported. The chilling effects of even one case is astounding.  As the Boy Scouts' former general counsel has explained, ``a legal judgment entered in a single case can have a multitude of consequences extending far beyond that case itself. This surely is a reason for concern in the case of volunteers to service organizations.''  We have heard opponents argue that the bill is too broad and might offer immunity to the Ku Klux Klan or other organizations whose views we all abhor. This argument fails for several reasons.  Organizations are not granted immunity from lawsuits under this bill.  A volunteer is not covered under this bill if the volunteer engages in willful misconduct, specifically including hate crimes or civil rights violations.  It is not at all clear that the KKK would be covered as a nonprofit entity that exists primarily for public benefit and operates primarily for charitable purposes.  Survey of State volunteer protection laws indicates that there are Statesthat define ``nonprofit organization'' in the same manner as S. 543 or even broader. Yet, no one can come up with any examples from those States where KKK members were immune from lawsuits. The KKK argument is an offensive and bogus bogeyman argument.  Mr. President, also, opponents argue that this is a matter of States rights. I am constantly amazed to hear people make that argument. It is reminiscent of the argument against the civil rights laws in the 1960's where opponents said this really is a States rights matter, not a matter for the Federal Government.  The same argument was made against national voting rights legislation. And a lot of the folks who were the most enthusiastic for that kind of legislation now turn around and start arguing that the States rights is a good argument to not deal with what is clearly a national problem with national implications which needs a national solution.  Opponents also argue that some States have some protections for some volunteers in some circumstances. Well, that is not good enough. That kind of patchwork protection is simply not going to get the job done.  In my State we have some basic protections for volunteers. But these Kentucky protections are of no benefit to a Kentucky volunteer who goes to help his neighbor in one of the seven States which border the Commonwealth of Kentucky.  Volunteers, Mr. President, should not have to hire a lawyer in order to cross State lines to help their neighbor.  Bob Goodwin, president and CEO of the Points of Light Foundation, testified last week that a national solution is necessary because ``there is no consistency among our States with regard to volunteer liability statutes, and that lack of consistency has led to confusion in the volunteer community.''  Let me quote another leader in the national volunteer movement. John H. Graham, CEO of the American Diabetes Association, also testified last week on behalf of the National Coalition for Volunteer Protection. This is what he had to say:       We have seen recently that otherwise qualified and willing      individuals are withholding their services out of fear of      liability and confusion concerning the different volunteer      protection laws on the books in many states. These are      individuals who would help house and feed the homeless, who      would treat and support the elderly, and who would clothe and      care for the poor.  So in summary, Mr. President, our national volunteer movement is built upon the idea of loving your neighbor as yourself, of being a good Samaritan, of stopping alongside the road and lending your neighbor a helping hand.  People from my home State of Kentucky understand this concept. Their neighbor is not just the child across the street, but it is the family across the bridge or across the State line.  If the Kentucky Red Cross volunteer wants to cross over into Tennessee or Ohio or Illinois or Indiana or West Virginia or Virginia and help his neighbor recover from a flood, then he should not have to call his lawyer to check on his liability potential in a surrounding State. We must have a uniform minimum standard.  The principles of loving your neighbor, of being a good Samaritan are woven deeply into the fabric of our Nation. We need to find ways to free up this spirit, not to suppress it. We must inspire and encourage people to do good works, not sue and harass and discourage.  Those who say that our volunteers do not need this legislation have obviously not been talking to the people on the frontlines.  My longstanding interest in this issue comes from talking to volunteers like the very ones that I have mentioned here today. However, I must confess, Mr. President, that one particular volunteer leader has had my ear on this issue for quite awhile. That is my wife, Elaine, who is a former Director of the Peace Corps and former president and CEO of the United Way of America. She has been involved in this battle for a long time and understands fully the implications.  So, Mr. President, let me close by again thanking Senator Coverdell for his leadership, and the others who participated in this. This is an extremely important piece of legislation which I hope will pass the Senate overwhelmingly.  I yield the floor.  