 President, I literally cannot remember life without Strom Thurmond. My first awareness of Strom Thurmond was one of the first things I remember in my entire life. I was 6 years old. I was in the first grade at Athens Elementary in Athens, AL. It was 1948. One weekend we were on the porch at my grandfather's house, and I was sitting there listening to my dad and to my grandfather talk about the Presidential election of 1948.  Now, I must confess at age 6 that was not a big item in my life, but that was the first time I heard the name Strom Thurmond. My dad and my granddad talked about the election for a little while, and all I remember for sure is that they said Strom Thurmond was a fine man, they were going to vote for him for President of the United States.  The second time I remember hearing of Strom Thurmond, my family had moved from Alabama to Augusta, GA. My dad was a civilian employee for the Army after having served in World War II in the European theater, as did our fellow Senator whom we honor today. My father was working at the Savannah River plant in Aiken, SC, in 1954.  And again, at age 12, obviously politics was not something I was thinking about very often. It seems to me baseball was most in my interest at that time. But that was the year our colleague whom we honor today got elected to the United States Senate on a write-in in South Carolina. The only time that has been done in history, Mr. President--a remarkable accomplishment.  The next time I remember thinking about Senator Thurmond's distinguished career I was 22, and it was 1964 and we had moved to Kentucky by that point. I had begun to think of myself as a Republican and taken an interest inpolitics, and I remember the excitement, having been a son of the Deep South, when Senator Thurmond decided to become a Republican. In those days, as the occupant of the Chair certainly knows, too, there were not any Republicans in the Deep South.  I remember the story my dad told me about his father, my grandfather, sitting him down at an early age and explaining to him politics. He said, ``Now, son, this won't take long, just a minute.'' He said, ``The Republican Party is the party of the North and the Democratic Party is the party of the South.'' And that was the end of it. So imagine my excitement as a 22-year-old college senior to see Senator Thurmond from the Deep South, as deep as it gets, South Carolina, saying, I'm going to be a Republican as a matter of conviction. Now, that was a pretty courageous thing to do in 1964 in South Carolina even if you were a pretty established figure, as Senator Thurmond obviously already was. He didn't have to do that. It would have been easy for him to continue to be a Democrat. That was certainly what everybody was in the South in those days. But, as a matter of conviction, Senator Thurmond said, ``I can't be a Democrat anymore. This party doesn't reflect my beliefs and I am going to change.'' That was the beginning, in every real sense, of the growth of the Republican Party in the South--which I want to say the occupant of the Chair and myself have been substantial beneficiaries of on down in subsequent years.  The next time Strom Thurmond impacted my life was in 1969. I was a legislative assistant to a newly elected Senator from Kentucky who got assigned to the Judiciary Committee. And there was Senator Thurmond. I observed him as a staffer for the 2 years that I was here. He was invariably courteous to those who were beneath him in rank. I oftentimes think that the true test of people's worth is how they treat those people who are not on the same level of influence as they. Senator Thurmond was a favorite of the staff that worked at the Judiciary Committee because he was unfailingly courteous to all of us, and we respected him greatly.  Obviously, the next time Senator Thurmond's life and mine intersected was in 1985 when I was sworn into the Senate and became a member of the Judiciary Committee myself and Senator Thurmond was our chairman.  So, when I say I can't remember life without Strom Thurmond I do not exaggerate. He has been somebody I have heard about, observed and admired all of my life. And, as other speakers have said this morning, and I'm sure others will in the course of the morning, it is an honor for all of us to be associated with this great American. He is truly a legend in our time and a legend that goes beyond simply his longevity, his tenure. Certainly that is a remarkable record. I remember many of us were there at his 90th birthday, when Senator Thurmond looked out at the audience and said, ``Now, if you'll eat right and exercise and take care of yourself, you may be here for my 100th birthday party.'' Obviously, that kind of optimism, the looking forward, planning ahead, thinking about what you want to achieve, that kind of uplifting optimism has been an inspiration to all of us who have had the opportunity to know and to learn from the senior Senator from South Carolina.  But, beyond the legend of tenure, there is also the question of accomplishment. There isn't anybody in the U.S. Senate who knows more about the issues that the Senate Judiciary Committee deals with than Strom Thurmond. And when it comes to national security matters, not only has Strom Thurmond been a hero on the battlefield himself, having ridden on one of those gliders in behind the lines at Normandy in 1944, not only was he a hero himself, but when it comes to the question of securing and standing up for the solid national defense of the United States, Strom Thurmond has no peer. He has been there for 40 years in the U.S. Senate seeing to it that America had a strong national defense in order to protect this country and our way of life and our interests around the world.  So, Mr. President, let me say again, the life of Strom Thurmond--which continues; he is just getting started--has been an inspiration to all of us who have had the opportunity to know him and to love him over the years.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Smith of Oregon). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  