  Mr. President, at a time when the country is swept away by March madness--particularly, I notice the occupant of the chair has a fine team in March madness that will probably, no doubt, come in second to Kentucky in the end--and the excitement of competitive college basketball, we are nevertheless reminded of the fundamental unfairness of college football's pseudo playoffs. Specifically, I am talking about the College Bowl Alliance.  The alliance is a coalition of top college football conferences and top postseason bowls. Over the past few years, the alliance has entered into a series of restrictive agreements to allocate the market of highly lucrative postseason bowls. By engaging in this market allocation, the coalition bowls and the coalition teams have ensured that they will receive tens of millions of dollars, while the remaining teams and bowls are left to divide a much smaller amount. The alliance agreements have the purpose and effect of making the already-strong alliance teams stronger while relegating the remaining teams to a future of, at best, mediocre, second-class status.  Mr. President, in college football, there can be no Cinderella stories. There can be no unranked, unknown Coppin State going to the playoffs and beating the SEC regular season champion, South Carolina, and going down to the wire with a Big 12 power like Texas.  A team like Coppin State could never make it to the lucrative college football postseason. You see, a team like that would be excluded because it's not in the College Bowl Alliance and its fans don't travel well. It doesn't even have its own band.  College football has no room for a Sweet 16 that includes teams like St. Joseph's and the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga. The opportunity to be in college football's Elite Eight and Final Four is essentially determined before the season begins.  The basic message, Mr. President, is that--if David wants to slay Goliath--he'd better do it during basketball season. He won't be allowed to play Goliath when the football postseason rolls around.  College football has no room for the underdog. In fact, as evidenced by the 1997 New Year's bowls, college football doesn't even have room for top-ranked teams--unless those teams are members of the exclusive Bowl Alliance.  I first raised this issue in 1993 when my alma mater, the University of Louisville, had a 7-1-0 record and a top ranking, but was automatically excluded from the most lucrative New Year's bowls. I contacted the Justice Department and explained that the alliance agreements constituted a group boycott, and, thus, violated the Sherman Act.  The Justice Department promised to promptly review the matter.  Shortly thereafter, the College Bowl Alliance entered into a revised agreement whereby the 1997 New Year's bowls would be open to any team in the country with a minimum of eight wins or ranked higher than the lowest ranked--alliance--conference champion.  Despite this pledge, the alliance continued its apparent boycott of nonalliance teams. During the 1996 season, Brigham Young University and the University of Wyoming, both members of the nonalliance Western Athletic Conference [WAC], met the alliance criteria. Wyoming finished the season 10-2 and ranked 22d in the country, while BYU won 13 games and was ranked the fifth best team in the country.  Neither team, however, was afforded an opportunity to play in the alliance bowls. In fact, BYU's record and ranking was superior to nearly every alliance team, including four of the six teams who participated in the high-visibility, high-payout alliance bowls.  Mr. President, this issue is about more than football, apple pie, and alma mater. This is about basic fairness and open competition. This is about a few conferences and a few bowls dividing up a huge multimillion-dollar pie among themselves.  In 1997, the eight participants in the alliance bowls, including the Rose Bowl participants shared an estimated pot of $68 million while the 28 nonalliance bowl participants were left to divide approximately $34 million. In short, the market has been divided such that eight teams rake in 70 percent of the postseason millions, while 28 teams get nothing more than the leftover 30 percent.  This chart may have printing that is too small for the camera to pick up, but it illustrates the nature of the problem.  The Alliance bowls--Fiesta, Sugar, Orange, and Rose--totaled $68.2 million. That is eight teams that benefited from the $68.2 million. The nonalliance bowls--and here is a whole list of them--collectively shared $34 million. Clearly, most of these teams never had an opportunity, no matter how good they were, to participate in the New Years Day payout bowls. Therein lies the antitrust problem, a clear antitrust problem I might say.  These short-term millions lead to long-term benefits for the alliance conferences. Guaranteed appearances in high-visibility bowls directly translate to: more loyal fans, more generous alumni, and much more willing athletic recruits.  If you don't believe it's easier for alliance teams to recruit, just pick up the phone and call the coach at an independent school like Central Florida, or the coach at the University of Louisville or BYU. These coaches will tell you time after time that the top high school athletes don't want to play for teams that don't have a shot at the top New Year's bowl games.  Mr. President, in summary, there is substantial evidence that the most powerful conferences and the most powerful bowls have entered into agreements to allocate the postseason bowl market among themselves and to engage in a group boycott of nonalliance teams and bowls. The effect of these agreements is to ensure that the strong get stronger, while the rest get weaker.  I have joined with my colleagues--Senator Bennett, Senator Enzi, and Senator Thomas--to request that both the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission investigate the intent and effect of the alliance agreements. I ask unanimous consent that the Justice Department letter be printed in the Record at the end of my remarks.  