 President, I am proud tonight to see that we are one small step away from providing protections for one of our most cherished resources--that is, the men and women who serve as volunteers throughout our communities. The Senate is prepared to pass this bill tonight, and we anxiously await the President's signature.  This country's long line of volunteerism is built upon the principle of loving your neighbor as yourself--of being a ``Good Samaritan'' and stopping along side the road to lend a helping hand. People from my home state of Kentucky understand and live this simple, yet powerful principle.  Unfortunately, this volunteer spirit has become another victim to our national epidemic of litigation. William Cople, former pro bono General Counsel for the National Capital Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America has written that, ``volunteer service is under assault from an unlikely quarter--the civil justice system. Like so many others, volunteers and their service organizations have been swept into the courts to face potential liability in civil suits.''  Moreover, even the Little League faces major league liabilities. As Dr. Creighton Hale, former CEO of Little League Baseball, has noted, the Little League has become the ``Litigation League.'' For example, one woman won a cash settlement when she was struck by a ball that a player failed to catch. Incidentally, the player was her daughter.  The chilling effect of even one settlement or judgment is astounding. Again, I quote the Boy Scouts' former General Counsel who has explained: ``a legal judgment entered in a single case can have a multitude of consequences extending far beyond that case itself. This surely is a reason for concern in the case of volunteers to service organizations.''  It is precisely this type of reasoning and this type of horror stories-come-to-life that prompted me to introduce legislation to protect volunteers. I have introduced such legislation in 1990, 1993, and 1995. In this Congress, I have been proud to work with Senator Coverdell to bring this bill to final passage, and I greatly appreciate his leadership.  Specifically, our bill protects volunteers: First, who act within the scope of their responsibilities, second, who are properly licensed or certified, where necessary, and third, who do not act in a willful, criminal or grossly negligent fashion.  The organizations whose volunteers will receive protection are both broad and worthy. Our bill not only covers 501(c)(3) organizations, but it also covers volunteers of the organizations which do good work, but do not have a tax exemption under 501(c)(3). For example, our bill covers volunteers of local charities, volunteer fire departments, little leagues, veterans groups, trade associations, chambers of commerce, and other nonprofit entities that exist for charitable, religious, educational, and civic purposes.  Finally, this bill is significant because it provides a national solution for a national problem. Bob Goodwin, president and CEO of The Points of Light Foundation, testified recently that a national solution is necessary because ``there is no consistency among our states with regard to volunteer liability statutes.'' Moreover, Mr. Goodwin explained that ``the lack of consistency has led to confusion in the volunteer community.'' The Volunteer Protection Act responds to this need and provides a uniform minimum standard to protect our volunteers.  In closing, let me say a deep word of thanks to all the volunteers and leaders who have helped me push for this legislation over the past 7 years. In particular, I want to offer a special and heartfelt thank you to my wife, Elaine Chao, who has kept me focused on this issue, and been such a steady and constant voice for the men and women who serve in our communities.  I also thank the President for his efforts in joining with Gen. Colin Powell and with President Bush to promote volunteerism throughout our country. I encourage President Clinton to sign this legislation and provide much-needed protection for our volunteers.  