  Mr. President, we are indeed here for a budget resolution designed to ultimately lead to a tax decrease for Americans. Advocating the Kennedy-Hatch proposal is a $30 billion tax increase for the American people.  Mr. President, that is not exactly what I thought a Republican Congress had in mind in negotiating with the President of the United States to reach a balanced budget agreement. All of a sudden we throw that out right here in the second day of debate and suggest that we raise taxes $30 billion on the American people.  Now, which people are we suggesting the taxes ought to be raised upon, Mr. President? This is a regressive tax against low-income Americans. All of my colleagues on the left of the political spectrum here are advocating a low-income tax increase of substantial significance all across America. It seems to me the worst way, even if the Kennedy-Hatch proposal were otherwise something that ought to be supported, the worst possible way to finance it by putting a tax on low-income Americans. So not only is this a new tax in a budget resolution designed to give us an opportunity to lower taxes on the American people, it is a tax directed at low-income Americans.  In addition to that, Mr. President, this is a tax that is targeted at a region of the country. It is no secret that tobacco production is largely confined to the southeastern part of the United States of America. No one, as far as I know, is suggesting that cigarette smoking or the production of tobacco be made illegal. Controversial though it may be, no one is suggesting it be made illegal.  So we have in my State over 60,000 tobacco producers engaged in the raising of a legal crop for American citizens. The average tobacco grower, Mr. President, used to have in Kentucky about three-quarters of an acre. It is a little bit higher than that now. The typical tobacco producer in my State is a part-time farmer. He probably has a job in a factory. His wife probably works in an apparel or cut-and-sew plant, as we call them. They raise this tobacco on their own. They cut it and strip it on their own. They sell it at auction in November and December, and it provides Christmas money, or, for many families, a lot more than Christmas. It may be the opportunity to send their kids to college. Frequently, these kids going to college are the first in the families to have that opportunity.  Mr. President, 60,000 tobacco producers all across Kentucky are being singled out as they raise a legal crop, being singled out to pay for a children's health insurance proposal in this budget resolution, and I am told by the chairman of the Budget Committee, we have already taken care of that. There is $16 billion for children's health insurance in this budget proposal already. So what is going on here is, you will have a whopping new tax increase on low-income Americans that whacks the Southeastern part of the United States the hardest in order to get after cigarette smoking.  Mr. President, I do not smoke. I do not advocate it. I think we need to do a better job of keeping cigarettes out of the hands of people who are underage. But why in the world should we, in this budget resolution, designed, among other things, to give tax relief to the American people, whack low-income Americans with a $30 billion tax increase is simply beyond my understanding.  Now, looking at it from a job-loss point of view, Mr. President, from a Kentucky jobs point of view, estimates are that there are 78,000 Kentucky residents who have jobs in sectors linked to the production, distribution, and retailing of tobacco products. By increasing the Federal excise tax on cigarettesby 43 cents per pack, we estimate we would lose 43,000 of those jobs and 2,000 of them would be the Kentucky farmers. The total payroll loss would be $70 million in my State. Due to declining cigarette sales, total State cigarette tax revenues would also drop by just under $7 million.  So not only does this proposal advocate a huge tax increase on low-income Americans, it is also going to lose a significant number of jobs in my State and a number of other States across the Southeast all, allegedly, to go after a habit that many Americans have, which is not a healthy habit, a habit that I do not participate in, but a habit that adults are entitled to engage in if they so choose.  Now, Mr. President, this is a very, very serious proposal before the Senate. It will do great harm to my State and other States across the Southeast. We do not need to enact this proposal to provide additional health insurance for children. That is already provided in the budget agreement before the Senate.  Mr. President, I strongly urge the Senate not to adopt this amendment. It is a huge tax increase. It is a tax increase against low-income people. It is a tax increase targeted at a region of the country. It will have devastating effects on the economy of my State. I strongly urge the Senate not to approve this proposal.  To reiterate, Mr. President, I support this budget's constructive advancement of child health care, but I strongly object to the proposed amendment's destructive impact on child welfare in my home State of Kentucky.  This budget makes an up-front commitment to address the needs of child health because it is the right thing to do. But it does not place the welfare of children at risk in order to score political points against Joe Camel. I believe that my colleagues believe that no child should be discriminated against in order to benefit another. But the Hatch-Kennedy amendment takes this course openly. This amendment makes it acceptable to reduce a farm family to abject poverty in order to provide a limited health care benefit. This choice is not necessary. This budget supports the health care of children without destroying the foundation of their family and community.  As I have mentioned on this floor before, leading tobacco States like Kentucky, North Carolina, and Virginia are not the only States whose economies benefit from tobacco. Tobacco is grown on over 124,000 farms in 22 States and in Puerto Rico. Tobacco provides jobs to countless Americans. The hundreds of thousands of people involved in the tobacco industry buy cars built in Michigan, refrigerators built in Iowa, computers from California, and insurance from New York companies.  The smokeless tobacco industry includes thousands of small farmers in States like Kentucky, Tennessee, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Virginia. In many cases, tobacco provides the cash margin that sustains a diversified family farm operation. Smokeless tobacco companies employ workers in States like Kentucky, Connecticut, Wisconsin, New Jersey, West Virginia, Tennessee, and Illinois. Many tobacco product distributors are in States like Texas and Georgia. With the inevitable loss of those jobs, the economic harm will be far-reaching throughout the larger farm and rural communities associated with tobacco.  The billions of tax dollars supplied by the many facets of the tobacco industry support schools, pay for roads--help build America. Where will these funds come from now? Whose taxes are you going to raise next?  This amendment will raise excise taxes on all tobacco products including cigarettes, chewing tobacco, and snuff. This represents a 179-percent increase from the current 24 cents per pack Federal tax on cigarettes; a 569-percent increase on chewing tobacco from 36 cents to $2.41 per pound; and a 4,975-percent increase on snuff from 12 cents to $6.09 per pound. I am unaware of any other product that has been subjected to such outrageous tax increases. The economic repercussions of these taxes are far-reaching in terms of the severe economic disruption they will cause.  Excise taxes are regressive and discriminatory. Regressive, because the burden of paying them falls heaviest on low-income Americans. In 1987, the Congressional Budget Office [CBO] called consumer excise taxes the most regressive type of tax. CBO singles out tobacco excise taxes as the most regressive of all estimating that lower income persons pay 15 times more in tobacco taxes as a percentage of income than upper income individuals. A 1993 study by the Council of State Governments calls tobacco a worn-out tax source.  The tax on these products will be devastating to those Americans whose household income is less than $30,000.  Thousands of American jobs will be affected with such increased taxes in the form of lost wages and reduced spending, for example, local banks, farm equipment dealers, seed and feed stores, gas stations, grocery stores, and clothing stores.  A 43-cent-per-pack increase in the Federal excise tax increases the total Federal excise tax to 67 cents per pack and boosts the total Federal, State, and local excise tax to around $1 per pack. A 50-cent-per-pack increase for cigarettes would cause cigarette consumption to decline by about 11 percent. A decline of this magnitude would reduce total burley consumption in the United States by about 40 million pounds. Kentucky produced about 420 million pounds last year. Last year the average price per pound was about $1.90 per pound, this would result in a loss of $76 million in farm income.  The American Economics Group, Inc. [AEG] estimates that 78,280 Kentucky residents have jobs in sectors linked to the production, distribution, and retailing of tobacco products. By increasing the Federal excise tax on cigarettes by 43 cents per pack approximately 4,310 of these jobs would be lost, 2,019 would be farmers. Total payroll loss would be $70 million. Due to declining cigarette sales, total State cigarette tax revenues will drop by $6.7 million.  Tens of thousands of Kentuckians earn a living from the growing, harvesting, manufacturing, and marketing of tobacco products. Additionally, nearly $130 million of Kentucky's tax revenue relates to tobacco production, and local governments receive approximately $5.5 million in property taxes from the value of the quota system alone. Where will this tax revenue come from when Kentucky farmers are taxed out of existence?  Mr. President, if this tax increase is passed, who is going to pay their bills, provide them with job opportunities, and pay their health care? Who? If this tax increase is passed, you will see a ripple effect that will be devastating to rural communities in Kentucky.  Supporters of the Hatch-Kennedy amendment have spoken often of the health care needs of America's children. For Kentucky families, the health of their children is not limited to an insurance benefit. The health of our communities and our families is directly related to the health of our children. For Kentucky's rural towns and counties, tobacco is their lifeblood.  This amendment will dramatically impact the ability of Kentucky farmers to provide a living for their families. The tremendous loss of income will affect whole communities. Most tobacco farmers operate on borrowed money from the local bank. Where farmers have been in a position to diversify, they have done so but they have borrowed the money and use tobacco income to pay back the loans. Land values will decline. Bankers are going to be less likely to make loans. Rural communities will be decimated.  Mr. President, the farmers in my State of Kentucky and across the country are real people, people with feelings, and people who are hard working. The income they generate does not go toward a lavish lifestyle. The money is used to put food on the table, pay the mortgage, keep the car running, support the church, educate their children, and makes Santa Claus real at Christmas.  For over 200 years, tobacco has played an integral role in Kentucky's history and economy. More burley tobacco is grown in Kentucky than anywhere in the world. The average farmer grows less than three acres of tobacco, and there is no other crop which provides the income tobacco does on such small acreage. The economics of this intensively managed crop do not transfer to planting soybeans, peanuts, or corn. There have been attempts to replace tobacco production with other crops; however, almost none are economically sustaining.  In eastern Kentucky the impact will be particularly devastating. These are proud, and hardworking families with few alternatives. Their farms are small and tobacco is their only form of income.  Tobacco is one of the most economically productive crops for the type of soil we have in Kentucky, and researchers have yet been unable to find a viable alternative.  Tobacco is a traditional crop for my home State, but Kentuckians do not grow it simply to keep a tradition alive. Tobacco is a hard, labor intensive crop. Imagine the strength and sweat it takes to cut and spear a pound plant in the heat and humidity of a southern August day. Now imagine repeating that effort until--pounds of tobacco are cut, hauled, and hung in the barn for curing. Kentuckians grow tobacco because no other crop provides the same level of economic return.  Forcing farmers to leave tobacco for an unsuitable crop is irresponsible and will cause irreparable damage to thousands of Kentuckians.  We have too many big-picture economists and self-appointed experts who say farmers can find something else to grow, few have ever been to a tobacco farm to even know what it looks like. If they would go with me to Morgan, Owsley, or Wolfe Counties, where over three-fourths of their farm income comes from tobacco, it becomes very clear why I say there are not many alternatives. Twenty-three counties, all in eastern Kentucky, rely on tobacco for more than one-half of their farm income.  Owsley County--88 percent of farm income is from tobacco.  Wolfe County--80 percent of farm income is from tobacco.  Morgan County--75 percent of farm income is from tobacco.  If they could diversify they would. In western Kentucky, where the land is flat, they are growing tomatoes and peppers. In central Kentucky, they have beef and dairy cattle. But in eastern Kentucky, the choices are coal, tobacco, or welfare. The options simply are not there, no matter what the experts say.  Beyond the farm gate, tobacco farming is immensely important to hundreds of small rural communities. Without the tobacco program the value of farmland would fall dramatically, local tax bases would be wiped out, and the loss of income from leasing the tobacco quota or growing the crop would reduce the standard of living dramatically across my State.  The real travesty of an excise tax increase would be the impact on family farmers who have been helping to stabilize and revitalize our rural communities. In Bath County nearly 50 percent of all personal income comes from tobacco sales. That means it keeps a steady flow of money going into the community.  If this tax goes through, how are tobacco farmers going to pay the local truck dealership, church, the farm equipment store, the seed and fertilizer store, the local independent bank, and all the other important elements in the community.  There is just no disputing the fact that Kentucky burley brings in far more money than any other crop raised in the State.  The average Kentucky tobacco farmer gets about $3,500 in revenue from an acre of tobacco, but that same acre generates nearly $37,500 in excise taxes for Federal, State, and local governments.  Other sectors will be impacted by this outrageous tax increase such as convenience stores. The convenience store industry is concerned that the large tax increase on tobacco products will invite substantial tax evasion, and concurrently, expand the underground market for tobacco products. They are also very concerned about the increase of security risks for convenience stores and other tobacco retailers.  In many retail formats, including convenience stores the value of tobacco inventory will dramatically increase. Cigarettes are already being locked up in grocery stores because of the shrinkage and theft risk that they pose.  In fact, the convenience store industry has already seen many cases in which, because the amount of money in the cash register is kept low, an armed robber has opted to rob cigarettes. With such increased excise taxes, a carton of cigarettes will be the most expensive item in any convenience store. This poses serious security concerns.  Mr. President, and colleagues, I do not use tobacco products. However, the proposed increased excise tax on tobacco products will impact me and every nonsmoker across the country. The excise taxes on tobacco products, as proposed will have a dramatic impact: jobs will be lost, sales and income tax revenues to the local, State, and Federal governments will be lost, unemployment will increase, businesses will shut down, and family farmers will go bankrupt. The men and women who grow tobacco, who rely on the money from tobacco, cannot bear this unfair tax.  I do not believe it is fair or equitable to single out one industry or region to finance such a proposal.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.  