 President, I rise in opposition to the resolution that the President has submitted requesting the early release of population planning funds.  Last fall, in the waning hours of Congress, an agreement was reached by the White House and the leadership to make $385 million available for family planning at a rate of 8 percent a month beginning in July. That date was agreed to so there would be no overlap of 1996 and 1997 funds.  The effect of the resolution before the Senate would be to virtually double the amount made available for population planning for 4 months this year. If the Senate passes the President's resolution, $123 million more in funding will be available for organizations that support abortions and lobby to undermine laws which protect the unborn.  There are those who would like to suggest that this is merely a question of shifting dates. We are not arguing over whether money becomes available but when, so the argument goes. In fact, this debate centers on how much will be available, to which groups, and under what circumstances.  I believe those of us who support the pro-life position made significant concessions during the negotiations over the omnibus resolution. Not only did we agree to raise the overall level of funding from $356 million in 1996 to $385 million, the disbursal rate was increased from roughly 6 percent to 8 percent a month. Now the President wants to move up the date when disbursal begins.  Very few of us actually oppose making family planning funds available. There is general consensus that a responsible family planning policy has a positive impact on a nation's development. Everyone appreciates the consequences exploding population rates have on every aspect of a nation's well-being, from the availability of education, food and jobs, to the condition of the environment.  So let us all agree that there is no question that U.S. family planning funds are extremely helpful in the developing world. But there is also absolutely no question that when the United States decided to provide resources only to organizations that agreed not--not--to perform abortions and agreed not to lobby to legalize abortions, we were still the single largest global donor of family planning funds. This understanding is the heart of the so-called Mexico City policy, a policy that resulted in steady increases in responsible U.S. family planning support, a policy that at the end of the Bush administration meant the United States contributed 45 percent of all family planning funds made available around the world.  There is a deep irony to this debate. On the one hand, the administration argues that the population program is in dire straits and beginning the funding in July will cause the closeout or reduction of at least 17 projects. Virtually all of those programs could be fully funded because they are carried out by organizations which meet the criteria of not supporting abortion or efforts to legalize abortion. In the misguided interest of protecting a few organizations, the administration is withholding support for the many willing to provide family planning services consistent with the Mexico City guidelines. They complain about the negative impact of cuts on funding yet are willing to forego an increase if it is linked to Mexico City. It does not make sense.  I support family planning, but I cannot and will not vote to provide funds to organizations which in the name of family planning take the lives of innocent, unborn children. I urge my colleagues to vote against this resolution.  