 I think the issue at this point is really whether we are going to finish the highway bill and some other important legislation pending in the Senate. We had 7 to 9 days of debate on campaign finance reform. The majority leader is absolutely correct, there is no way he can or any of us can prevent further debate on this issue. As a matter of fact, we have been debating it for 10 years. It comes back almost every year.  I don't object to that. As someone who has not been in sympathy with McCain-Feingold, I certainly don't object to the debate. I enjoy it. We had 27 speakers on my side of the issue when we debated it a few weeks ago, and I don't mind debating it again.  Mr. McCAIN. Will the Senator yield for a question?  Mr. McCONNELL. Yes.  Mr. McCAIN. Will he allow votes on amendments? That is the key to this. It is fun to debate. I enjoyed it, but at sometime or another, the Senate has to be on record on this issue.  So I respectfully request that he agree to some kind of format that we could agree on where there are votes, and if the Senator still does not agree, then he can filibuster or the majority on either side can filibuster depending on the result. That is the question I ask.  Mr. McCONNELL. I say to my friend from Arizona, I am open to discussion about having lots of amendments on both sides and lots of debates, lots of votes. But it seems to me the issue here, 3 weeks before we get out, is whether we are going to finish other important legislation the majority leader would like to advance and I am sure the minority leader would, too.  We will have that debate next year. I am more than happy to discuss the context of the debate, the timing of the debate. I am confident that an issue this controversial will always be determined in a 60-vote context, as much as the Senator from North Dakota will assure that is what will happen on fast track. I am open to that discussion.  What I would like to see us to do is go on and pass some of the much-needed legislation the majority leader would like to push forward in the remaining weeks of the session.  