 President, I listened with considerable interest to the observations of my friend from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, about the, as he put it, ill-advised Buckley decision.  Let me say, Mr. President, I think the Buckley decision was an outstanding decision. Obviously, the Supreme Court feels it was because they have had a number of opportunities in the last 20 years to revisit it, refine it, cut it back, restrict it, and in each instance they have expanded it further in the direction of more and more freedom to speak in the political process in this country.  The essence of the Buckley decision was in several passages that bear repeating as we move here toward the vote on this constitutional amendment to, in effect, overturn the Buckley case. The Court said with regard to spending limits, ``The first amendment denies Government the power to determine that spending to promote one's political views is wasteful, excessive, or unwise. In a free society ordained by our Constitution, it is not the Government,'' said the Court, ``not the Government, but the people individually as citizens and candidates, and collectively as associations and political committees who must retain control over the quantity and range of debate on public issues in a political campaign.''  Now, Mr. President, that really sums it up here. Who will control the political discourse? The Court had that issue directly before it in the Buckley case, and the Court said the Government is not going to control political speech in this country consistent with the first amendment.  Now, Senator Hollings understands that, and he is offering this constitutional amendment to allow the Government to control political discourse for the first time in the history of our country. It leads you to ask the question: Who will feel more comfortable if we, the Congress, are in charge of regulating and controlling political speech in this country? Well, I do not think our citizens will feel more comfortable with that. That is clearly the end result of this debate, because this amendment says, in effect, the Buckley case will be overridden so that the amount of expenditures that may be made by, that is, by the campaigns, in support of the campaigns or in opposition to the campaigns shall be regulated by the Government.  All of us in here will have the last word on just how much speech is allowed, not only the quantity of it but the range of it.  Now, the Buckley case went on to say that a restriction on the amount of money a person or group can spend on political communication during a campaign necessarily, Mr. President, reduces the quantity of expression. So what we have after this amendment is the Government with the power to control how much we get to speak.  The Court said: ``* * * reduces the quantity of expression by restricting the number of issues discussed, the depth of their exploration, and the size of the audience reached.'' That pretty well says it all. Under the Hollings amendment, the Government will be able to decide how much we get to speak, how big an audience we get to reach. In short, the Government would control political discourse in this country. The Court went on to say that ``this is because''--referring to their opposition to spending restrictions--``virtually every means of communicating ideas in today's mass society requires expenditure of money.'' It is a fact, whether we like it or not, to the extent that the Government defines what your financial outlays can be, if you are a candidate or if you are a group in support of or in opposition to a candidate, the Government is saying, in effect, you only get so much speech, a rationing of speech. And we here in the Congress get to determine how much everybody talks.  I don't think it is much of a reach to suggest that we are going to want to shut down those who criticize us. We don't like these independent expenditures in particular. We certainly don't like what our opponents are saying about us. So what we would do in the aftermath of the Hollings amendment is shut those people up. We would probably--in terms of independent groups--shut them entirely up. In terms of our opponents, we would set the spending limit so low they would not have a chance and never will be able to get the message across, because virtually every incumbent starts off ahead, and if the other fellow can't get resources, he is going to stay ahead.  The Court went on to say, in Buckley, ``Even distribution of the humblest handbill costs money.'' Further, the Court stated, ``The electorate's increasing dependence on television and radio for news and information makes these expensive modes of communication indispensable elements of effective political speech.'' Indispensable elements of effective political speech.  Now, the Buckley case was right on the mark. They understood what it takes to speak in today's modern American society. It is not a question of whether we like it or not. This is a fact. It is as certain as the Sun is going to come up tomorrow. It is as certain as the Sun is going to come up tomorrow. Without the resources to market the message in this society, your speech is quieted--under the Hollings amendment quieted by the Government, which will control your discourse.  The Court in the Buckley case further said, ``There is nothing invidious, improper, or unhealthy in a campaign spending money to communicate.'' There is nothing unhealthy about that. Nothing is inherently unhealthy about that. With regard to the growth in campaign spending, which was anticipated in 1976 and certainly has occurred, the Court said, ``The mere growth in the cost of Federal election campaigns in and of itself provides no basis for Government restrictions on the quantity of campaign spending.''  In other words, the Court was saying a lot of speaking is not bad, and an effort to try to restrict the amount of speaking to some Government-prescribed formula is a clear violation of the first amendment, which is why we are now voting on the amendment of the Senator from South Carolina to give the Government the power to control political discourse in this country.  The Court also addressed the issue of the level playing field. We often hear that. Proponents of bills, for example, like McCain-Feingold, say they want to ``level the playing field.'' This is what Buckley had to say about leveling the playing field. The Court said, ``The concept that Government may restrict the speech of some elements of our society in order to enhance the relative voice of others is wholly foreign to the first amendment.'' In other words, the notion that the Government is wise enough to level the playing field is abhorrent to the first amendment.  After all, if you think about it, it would be impossible to level the playing field. How is the playing field leveled if you only leveled the amount of money? I would say that in my State of Kentucky, in order to have a remotely level playing field, you would have to get 600,000 people to change their registration and two major newspapers to leave the State. Then you might have, in some ways, a level playing field. Then, of course, what happens when your opponent is famous, maybe a well-known athlete or a war hero, or somebody who has a special place in the hearts of the American people? How is the playing field leveled then? The Government has prescribed how much you can speak in the campaign. Your opponent starts off 5 yards from scoring a touchdown, and you're way back on your own 20, and the Government says this is how much you get to communicate with the constituents. In what way is that a level playing field? In fact, the Court rejected out of hand the level playing field argument.  So the Buckley decision was a sound decision. The Supreme Court believes it is a sound decision. They have reinforced it time and time again over the last 20 years. This amendment basically has no constituency. Common Cause, the principal group supporting various kinds of campaign finance reform, opposes the Hollings amendment. The American Civil Liberties Union opposes the constitutional amendment. Even our dear colleague, Senator McCain, who differs with me on this issue, opposes this amendment. This is an amendment without a constituency. The Washington Post, who is certainly interested in its version of campaign finance reform, opposes this amendment.  In short, Mr. President, regardless of how you may feel about which kind of campaign finance reform might be appropriate, amending the first amendment for the first time in 200 years to give the Government the power to control the political discourse in this country by individuals, groups, candidates, and parties is a substantial overreaching and a dangerous step in the wrong direction. I think it could probably be argued persuasively that this is the kind of speech that the Framers of our Constitution had most in mind when they were writing the first amendment. They were just beginning the process of having elections and dealing with the issue of campaigning. Certainly at the heart of what they had in mind when they talked about free speech was free political speech.  After this amendment, pornography and flag burning would have more protection under the first amendment than political discourse. Political discourse would be singled out among all the other kinds of expression that we are free to engage in in this country under the first amendment; political discourse would be singled out and handed over to Government control. Mr. President, this is clearly a step we should not take. I hope the amendment will be substantially defeated.  