 President, I want to thank Senator Jeffords and Senator Kennedy for the inclusion of my two amendments in S. 830. My amendments address specific food labeling reforms that benefit both consumers and the food and agriculture industry.  First, the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990 [NLEA] requires that any nutrient content claim on a food label be accompanied by a referral statement--``See Back Panel for Nutrition Information.'' The original intent of this provision was to help educate consumers about the presence and location of nutrition information on food products. Based on the NLEA's success, today few consumers even notice this generic referral statement because most individuals immediately look to the mandatory Nutrition Facts panel to obtain nutrition information.  My proposal seeks to improve the effectiveness of this consumer notice by requiring a referral statement only in those instances where the FDA identifies that a food contains a nutrient at a level that could increase the risk of a health condition for vulnerable persons.  For example, if a food label states that the product is low in fat, but the FDA finds that the sodium content could prove harmful to persons with high blood pressure, the referral statement would state--``See Nutrition Information Panel for Sodium Content.''  Through the continued use of a specific referral statement, persons who may find themselves at risk from potentially harmful levels of some nutrients would be reminded where to find detailed nutrition information. My proposal simply removes the requirement for a generic referral statement whose purpose is now fulfilled by active consumer use of the Nutrition Facts panel.  My second proposal addresses a keen concern for American consumers today--food safety. The much publicized outbreaks of E. Coli 0157:H7, cyclospora, and salmonella have captured the attention and apprehension of Americans, particularly parents, who are concerned about the inadvertent exposure to food pathogens.  Since the 1960's, food irradiation has presented a safe, simple, and inexpensive process to kill harmful pathogens in many foods. Today, this approved food safety technology promises to reduce the incidence of many food borne illnesses which threaten the health of millions of Americans, especially the very young and the very old.  The food irradiation process is quite straightforward. Food is exposed to a carefully measured amount of intense radiant energy which kills parasites and micro-organisms. Food irradiation is not a cure-all, but it can be an important food safety tool. Broader use of FDA-approved irradiation promises a significant step forward in improving our Nation's food safety. Dr. Michael T. Osterholm of the Minnesota Department of Health eloquently sets forth the argument in favor of food irradiation's use in his May 1997 editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine. I ask that the text of his editorial be printed in the Record after my statement  