  I see my friend from Utah standing up again. Here is an explanation that I think will help the Senator from Wisconsin. Obviously, he hopes that people will accept their spending limits and the provision in their measure that would make it pretty hard not to, because if you don't accept the spending limits, you have to pay way more for television than somebody who doesn't.  It is my view the courts would strike that down as unconstitutional because they are punishing you if you choose to express yourself too much. You get punished because you have to pay more for your broadcast time.  Clearly, the Senator from Wisconsin wants people to accept the spending limit, and I would argue the spending limit in the original McCain-Feingold is not voluntary at all because the Government basically has a gun to your head.  If you do not accept it, it costs you a heck of a lot of money. It gets back to this formula we were just discussing. The measure's spending limits are based on a formula that takes each State's voting age population into account. The basic general election spending limit is $400,000, plus 30 percent per voter up to 4 million of the voting age population and 25 percent per voter in excess of 4 million of the voting age population.  I say to my friend from Utah, it appears as if the voters in excess of 4 million do not get as much spent on them as the voters below 4 million. So presumably you do not speak as much to the people over 4 million as you do to the people under 4 million. But then the general election spending limit can be no lower than $950,000. So presumably if you are in a little State, it cannot go below $950,000 or more than $5.5 million in any State. That presumably would limit California to $5.5 million. Then the basic primary election spending is two-thirds of the general election spending limit, but not more than $2.75 million in any State.  If I could read on just a minute before taking the question of the Senator from Utah.  The proposed legislation creates some incredible anomalies that have been omitted from the public debate. Incredible? How else to describe a law, when figured on a per-voter basis, that would allow a Senatorial candidate in Wyoming to spend almost 11.5 times the amount that could be spent by a candidate in California?  With a 22.8 million voting age population, the biggest of any State, California, under the McCain-Feingold scheme, gets the biggest spending limit. If figured on the same basis as other States, California spending would be $10.5 million; but, in fact, it is capped at $5.5 million. But California isthe only State where maximum spending limits, $5.5 million per general and $2.75 million for a primary election would be applied; thus, California's total campaign spending is $8.25 million for the general election, which works out, Mr. President, to about 24.1 cents per voter.  Not too far away from California, in Wyoming, the State with the least population where there are only 344,000 people of voting age, the spending limit would be $503,200 if it were not for the laws of minimum limit of $1.586 million, general election and primary election, $636,000. The general election spending limit works out to $2.74 per voter.  Mr. President, over in California under the spending limits regime in the McCain-Feingold bill, which is not in the substitute but will be offered as an amendment if given the opportunity, a voter in California is treated to 24.1 cents in campaigns while Wyoming is $2.76 per voter.  Putting this in a different perspective, the McCain-Feingold legislation allows senatorial candidates in California to engage in first amendment protective activity at a level of financial activity that is barely one-tenth of the amount that a candidate could spend in Wyoming. To achieve parity so that the voters in the two States receive the same level of general election campaigning from their U.S. Senate candidates would require California candidates to spend an amount that is 11.5 times greater than allowed in the McCain-Feingold bill, a whooping $63.25 million; or you could reduce the amount that could be spent in Wyoming to $82,600.  Now, why do I bother to mention this Mr. President? This is truly a Rube Goldberg scheme. ``We are here from the Government to help you,'' and we have concocted this spending limit regime up here in the Government so that the voters in these various States will not be tainted by too much expression being directed at them in the course of their campaigns. But as often is the case when the Federal Government tries to micromanage something, particularly something so difficult as micromanaging political expression, you end up with a sort of absurd result.  Mr. President, the reason I talk about these spending limits is that they are in the original McCain-Feingold bill. Senator McCain, Senator Feingold do intend--if they have the opportunity--to offer that amendment to give the Senate an opportunity to go on record as saying that California voters only get 24.1 cents spent on them while Wyoming voters get $2.76. This scheme is something that they want us to sanction.  Mr. President, this is an extraordinarily difficult concept for people of average intelligence to understand. Besides the constitutionality problem, they are also saying that in order to speak more you have to pay more--and you do not get the broadcast discount--or if you decide to speak too much, you pay more for your speech. It is just one of the many problems with the spending limits regime with which the Senate has been confronted not just in this debate, but at various times over the last decade.  And I ask my friend from Utah, is a voter in Wyoming entitled to more of a campaign than a voter in California?  