Chairman, I rise for many reasons in support of this amendment. One of the main reasons that I rise in support of this amendment is because of language that I was able to get inserted as part of it, and I thank my chairman, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin), and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown) for accepting this language so we did not need a separate amendment but make this as part of a comprehensive amendment.  Part of this amendment reads, the language I was able to insert, says this: ``In carrying out immunization programs and other programs in developing countries for the prevention, treatment, and control of infectious diseases, including HIV/AIDS, TB, and malaria, the director of the CDC and Prevention, in coordination with the coordinator of the U.S. Government to combat AIDS globally, the National Institutes of Health, national and local government, and other organizations such as the World Health Organization, and the United Nations Children's Fund, shall development and implement effective strategies to improve injection safety, including eliminating unnecessary injections.''  Now, why is this important? A couple of years ago I participated in a bipartisan lunch here in the Capitol, and they talked about many villages in Africa that are really led by children because there are no more adults there. It became quite clear that for many of these injections they used syringes that were used over and over and over again. As a consequence, if one person had HIV/AIDS in that community, they all got it. They all died. They all got this terrible disease.  In fact, we know from data provided by the Safe Injection Global Network, an organization affiliated with the WHO, that unsafe injection practices in developing countries cause 8 to 16 million hepatitis B infections, 2 to almost 5 million Hepatitis C infections, and the original 1976 Ebola epidemic in Zaire was traced to the reuse of three syringes.  This language that was included will prevent that. I look forward to its adoption, and I again compliment the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin) and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown) for including the language.  