Chairman, I have been tracking the progress of this bill for some time now, and I applaud the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner), the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary. My district had a young girl missing for most of this month, a 14-year-old girl by the name of Lindsay Ryan. It was alleged that she was, in fact, abducted by a convicted murderer, and Michigan's AMBER Alert was initiated.  I called the county sheriff, Joe Underwood, a fine professional, as I tried to lend him my moral support. As I talked with him, I asked him the question of what could I do to help. He shared his frustration that other States did not have a system like we have in Michigan. He felt that, in fact, if other States, and there are 12 that have no AMBER Alert system at all, but if other States had a system like Michigan, the word would have gotten out right away. My district is right along the Indiana border, very close to Illinois.  After our conversation, I called the Committee on the Judiciary; and in fact, they told me about this piece of legislation which I cosponsor. I am delighted to say that it is on the House floor today, and there is good news.  Just like there was good news with Elizabeth Smart last week, there was good news this week with Lindsay Ryan. She was found alive, alive because California had a system. It was probably the good work of a Frito-Lay truck driver that, in fact, spotted the vehicle, and the police were able to get to the scene and rescue Lindsay Ryan, who is now with her family alive and hopefully well.  We want to prevent this tragedy for other families, whether they be in Michigan or North Carolina, Wisconsin or any other State. An AMBER Alert system nationwide is needed, for this family, for every family; and I would urge my colleagues to pass this legislation so that, in fact, we can use the eyes and ears of millions of Americans looking to prevent a nightmare that no family ever wants to have happen in their community or certainly in their family.  