Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1320, bipartisan legislation called the Commercial Spectrum Enhancement Act, otherwise known as the spectrum relocation trust fund bill. I introduced this legislation with my good friend, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Towns), along with the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin), the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Boucher), the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Terry), the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Green), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Stearns), the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. Bass), the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Pickering), the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Whitfield), and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Kirk).  Lately the subcommittee has been focused on the ailing telecommunications sector. Clearly the commercial wireless industry has not been spared from the wreckage, and we have been searching for ways to restore some hope. In my view what we need to do is get new, valuable spectrum into the hands of the commercial wireless carriers so that they can bring new, advanced wireless services to the consumer. That would be good for the wireless carriers, good for the equipment manufacturers, good for the consumer, and certainly great for the economy.  In the current context, the government already has identified the 1710 to 1755 megahertz band for relocation from the government to the private sector. This spectrum, mostly encumbered by DOD, is considered valuable ``beachfront property'' due to its suitability for commercial, mobile advanced wireless services like 3G. However, the road to relocating government entities to comparable spectrum is unpaved and filled with potholes. This bumpy road creates massive uncertainty in the process and depresses interest in participating in the auction in the first place.  H.R. 1320 would pave that road, establishing a spectrum relocation fund and procedures to ensure a timely, certain and privately yet fully funded relocation of Federal incumbents to comparable spectrum. H.R. 1320 requires the FCC to notify the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, NTIA, 18 months before conducting an auction of relocated spectrum. The purpose of that notification is so that the NTIA, after review by the Office of Management and Budget, can provide the Commission with an estimate of relocation costs for a particular band and a time line for relocation. That information is critical because under the legislation, an FCC auction of relocated spectrum is only valid if the auction yields proceeds of at least 110 percent of the estimated relocation costs.  The proceeds from auctions of eligible reallocated bands are deposited into a spectrum relocation fund which is an OMB-administered separate fund at the Department of Treasury. If any agency has any transferred money remaining when relocation is complete, the agency is required to transfer the money back to the spectrum relocation fund right away. Unexpected auction proceeds are then transferred to the Treasury no later than 8 years after the proceeds were initially deposited into the spectrum relocation fund. All the while, H.R. 1320 provides tight fiscal controls and congressional oversight, as it should, of the use of the spectrum relocation fund.  Finally, the bill exempts the telecommunications development fund, TDF, from the Federal Credit Reform Act, the practical application of which has prevented TDF from making loans without first obtaining budget authority on an annual basis. The provision in H.R. 1320 will significantly enhancethe TDF's ability to make loans to worthy development projects focused on rural and underserved areas. I appreciate my good friend, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Towns), for his attention to this issue. I am pleased that the provision in fact is incorporated into the bill.  As such, the bipartisan bill represents a win-win-win. That is good news for the private sector which craves certainty in the process and the consumer who craves the benefits which new services enabled by additional spectrum will afford them. That is good news for government agencies who know that they will be made whole when they relocate to comparable spectrum and the taxpayer who will not have to pay a dime to relocate government agencies and will know that there is tight fiscal oversight in that regard. As I indicated, all of this is great news for the economy.  I should also add that we worked very closely with the administration to get where we are today and that the bill enjoys the administration's support, including the Department of Defense, the OMB and NTIA. I want to especially thank Assistant Secretary of Commerce Nancy Victory and former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense Stephen Price, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin), my good friend from the great State of Michigan, ranking member (Mr. Dingell), and certainly the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), in addition to the majority and minority staff for their efforts to get us where we are today. I urge an ``aye'' vote on this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  