Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, as the lead sponsor of the House-passed version of the Animal Drug User Fee Act of 2003, it is my pleasure today to manage S. 313, the Senate version of the same legislation on the floor.  What we are doing today is taking up the Senate-passed version of the Animal Drug User Fee Act and inserting the updated House language from H.R. 1260, which was approved by this body by voice last month. We are doing so because we determined that it was the best way to expedite the final passage of this much-needed legislation giving the FDA the authority to begin collecting the user fees this fiscal year needed to substantially beef up the new animal drug development and review process.  I would like to take the opportunity again to acknowledge and thank the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DeGette), my original cosponsor; the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin), our committee chairman; the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell), ranking member; the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), Health Subcommittee chairman; and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown), ranking member; and the Members on both sides of the aisle who have cosponsored the bill. I am grateful too for the hard work of our committee staff, Brent Delmonte, Pat Ronan, John Ford, and for the assistance that we have received from the FDA and the Animal Health Alliance. And also Jane Williams, my health care expert, deserves special merit as well.  Closely modeled after the very successful Prescription Drug User Fee Act of 1992 for human drugs, the Animal Drug User Fee Act is designed to give the Food and Drug Administration's Center for Veterinary Medicine the right resources and incentives needed to significantly improve the animal drug review process. The bill is supported by a broad coalition of veterinary and producer groups, including the American Veterinary Medical Association and the American Farm Bureau.  The legislation is sorely needed. Despite a statutory review time of 180 days, the average new animal drug application review currently takes about 1\1/2\ years and sometimes may drag on for even several years. This slowdown in review time is jeopardizing the supply of the new, safe, and effective animal drugs needed to keep our pets, flocks, and herds healthy and to provide American consumers with a safe and wholesome food supply.  Under this proposal, the additional revenues generated from fees paid by the pioneer animal drug industry would be dedicated for use in expediting the testing and review of new animal drugs in accordance with the performance goals that have been mutually agreed upon by the FDA and the animal drug industry.  As FDA Commissioner Mark McClellan has noted, a faster, more predictable review process is expected to spur more spending on research and development by the industry, promoting animal health by increasing the availability and diversity of new, safe, and effective products.  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote for this much-needed bipartisan bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  