Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, today we consider H.R. 2898, the E-911 Implementation Act of 2003, bipartisan legislation introduced by two members of the Committee on Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Telecommunications and the Internet, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Shimkus) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Eshoo). As chairman of the Subcommittee on Telecommunications and the Internet, I am a proud original sponsor of this legislation as well.  Mr. Speaker, what many of our constituents may not realize is that when they make a 911 call from their cell phones, many emergency dispatch centers, otherwise known as public service answering points or PSAPs, cannot automatically locate where that call is coming from, unlike when such calls are made from landlines. All too often, we have heard horrific stories of how first responders could not get to a cell phone 911 caller quickly enough, or maybe not even at all, because they could not automatically locate where that caller was, and the circumstances were such that the caller was not able to tell the first responder where they were calling from. In such emergencies, time is of the essence. Seconds in such emergency responses can literally mean the difference between life and death.  For a number of years, our Nation's wireless carriers and PSAPs have been in the midst of deploying Phase II E-911, which would, in fact, provide PSAPs with the automatic location information of cell phone callers who dial 9-1-1. While our Nation's wireless carriers have been deploying the technology and the infrastructure to achieve Phase II E-911, our Nations PSAPs have been confronted by enormous challenges in getting their piece of the puzzle in place.  Our Subcommittee on Telecommunications and the Internet held a number of hearings on how we could overcome these challenges, and we arrived at a number of conclusions which form the basis of this legislation, H.R. 2898.  First and foremost, we need to help our Nation's PSAPs cope with the financial demands of becoming Phase II ready. This bill answers the call by providing a significant grant program in the amount of $100 million a year for 5 years, with a 50 percent non-Federal match requirement to States and municipalities to help them procure their Phase II equipment as well as their training.  Second, we need to ensure coordination and information sharing at all levels of government and with the other stakeholders as they continue to sort through the maze of challenges that lay ahead. This bill answers that call, too, by not only incentivizing States to have statewide E-911 coordinators, but also establishing a new Federal E-911 Coordination Office that will be a joint program office between NHTSA and the NTIA.  Third, we heard that some States have raided their E-911 surcharge monies collected from wireless customers for things completely unrelated to E-911. This is nothing more than picking the pockets of consumers and stealing the funds which should be going toward deployment of this life-saving technology. This bill answers that call by creating disincentives to States who raid those E-911 funds. More to the point, no entity will be eligible for grant monies under this bill if they reside in a State that is raiding those E-911 surcharge accounts.  This bill has been favorably and unanimously reported out of our subcommittee and the full committee as well. Also, I would note it has been endorsed by two major public safety communications associations: The National Emergency Numbering Association and the Association of Public Safety Communications Officers, not to mention the Cellular Telecommunication and Internet Association.  I commend the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Shimkus), who will be speaking later, as well as the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Eshoo) who will control the time for the other side for their bipartisan leadership on this important issue.  I also thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Chairman Tauzin); the ranking member on the full committee, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell); and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the subcommittee ranking member, for their cooperation and teamwork. Finally, I want to thank the staff who have committed so much time and effort to the legislation, including Howard Waltzman and Will Nordwind from the majority committee and subcommittee staffs; Pete Filon and Colin Crowell from the minority committee and subcommittee staffs; and Courtney Anderson and Eric Olson for the sponsors' staff.  Mr. Speaker, getting Phase II E-911 deployed will save lives, so passage of this bill is of the utmost importance. I would urge Members to support this important piece of legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  