Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  I too rise in strong opposition to the Hinchey amendment. I ask my colleagues about where they might have been in 1975. I know I had graduated from the University of Michigan and was on my way to Washington to work for a Congressman, David Stockman. Think about where you were, maybe sitting in your living room back in 1975. You might have been watching the ``Mod Squad'' for the first time or maybe the third season of ``M.A.S.H.'' In fact, someone told me that Strom Thurmond was only in his first or second term.  The original newspaper-broadcast ownership rules were adopted in 1975, at the same time when there was little cable penetration, if any, no local cable news channels, few broadcast stations, and no Internet. The rule was based on market structure that bears almost no resemblance to the current environment.  Without a doubt, there have been dramatic changes in the media marketplace since 1975 when the rule was adopted by the commission. When the rule was first adopted, there were 7,785 radio stations. There were 952 TV stations, three broadcast networks, cable television systems served 13 percent of television households, and direct broadcast satellite, DBS, providers were nonexistent, and the Internet was commercially not available.  Today, there are more radio stations, 12,900; 1,600 full-powered TV stations; 2300 low-powered TV stations; 230 Class A TV stations; four major broadcast networks, along with other emerging broadcast networks; and today, cable TV systems serve almost 80 percent of the television households across the country.  As required by law, the FCC factored the status of the current marketplace into the new rules. In addition to noting the dramatic transformation of the marketplace, it also noted that this type of business combination does advance the goals of localism and diversity.  A key study relied upon by the FCC for these rules found that broadcasters co-owned by newspaper companies provided more than 50 percent more local news and public affairs broadcasting of better quality than nonbroadcast network-owned stations, unaffiliated with a newspaper publisher.  I think about my own hometown. As I walk up to the post office in St. Joe, Michigan, there are almost a dozen different newspaper stands, whether it be the Wall Street Journal, the Detroit News, the Detroit Free Press, the local Herald Palladium, the South Bend Tribune, USA Today, and more. WGN owns the Chicago Tribune and Channel 9, which is broadcast over the air. The South Bend Tribune owns the local CBS affiliate in South Bend, Channel 22. The case has not been made that the local ownership has hurt the delivery of fair reporting by those news organizations.  The Hinchey amendment would take us back to 1975 when the media marketplace was a much different place. It is working today. I urge my colleagues to defeat the Hinchey amendment.  