Speaker, I want to piggyback on to the comments of the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin). I can remember when Carol Browner, the then administrator of EPA, came and testified before the subcommittee. I was one that supported the Clean Air Act as well as the Clean Water Act. I can remember when we debated the Clean Air Act, the delegation at that time included important language, and I am not a lawyer but we thought it was sufficient, that gave the EPA the administrative authority when downwind communities were impacted by what came from the polluter itself.  My district, southwestern Michigan, I have air that comes from Gary, Indiana, from Chicago, Illinois, and Milwaukee, Wisconsin, across Lake Michigan. Some of my counties have reported that they could actually remove all human activity in some of my counties, and we would still not be in compliance with the new 8-hour standard because of what is coming across the lake.  When Carol Browner came and heard that at the subcommittee, she helped us with this language and the administrative relief that they put into effect for other areas around the country. What the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Barton) is doing, and the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin) as part of the conference, is to revert back to what the Clinton administration said then: We still want to help the polluters clean up their air, but we also recognize that the victims. For me, my area of southwest Michigan, can do absolutely nothing about it. In fact, they can have some relief if these new penalties are assessed, collecting millions of dollars which, at the end of the day, will not provide one iota of cleaner air. Because, again, we could remove everything, every road, every lawn mower, every small business, every large business, at the end of the day there is nothing we can do without some type of relief.  And that is why it is important, I think, that we defeat the motion to instruct of the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson) because we are left with no choice. And that is why the Clinton administration agreed with us when they came and testified before our subcommittee.  