Speaker, today on the heels of our recent efforts to ensure that the do-not-call list was implemented, we are taking yet another major step forward in our efforts to protect consumers from unwanted commercial solicitations. With passage of this bill tonight, we are one more step closer to giving American consumers a Federal law which will for the first time allow them to just say no to unwanted commercial e-mails, otherwise known as spam. And we back it up with strong enforcement by the FTC, State attorneys general, and Internet service providers as well.  As the father of two young kids, I am particularly pleased that this bill requires warning labels on commercial e-mails which contain sexually oriented material, and it protects our kids from being unwittingly exposed to such garbage that might pop up in the family's inbox. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Telecommunications and the Internet, I am particularly pleased to have worked with my colleagues on this, particularly the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey); the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell); certainly the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Burr); and my chairman, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin), on provisions which direct the Federal Communications Commission to implement added protections against spam for cell phones and other wireless devices. What a nightmare ready to happen. On our staff I want to particularly thank Will Nordwind, who spent countless hours as we negotiated this the last number of months.  Mr. Speaker, I want to relate a small family story. When my dad came back from World War II, my mom fixed his first dinner. It was Spam. Dad said, no way. Battle of the Bulge, we had enough of that. No more are we going to have that junk. My family thankfully was spared that for 50 years. Sadly, American consumers have not been spared from that awful stuff called spam because this is spam on the Internet.  I can remember when e-mails came first off, everyone loved to get an e-mail. I thought we were finally making some headway. But lo and behold, my wife was out of town, and I did not realize she was deleting it. Every morning she would get up at 5:30 or 6 in the morning. She has been gone all week. Today just from last night, I had 150 spams.  Pass this bill. End this stuff. I cannot call it what I really think. God bless America.  