Speaker, I would like to focus on one misconception about this plan that we are debating today and set the record straight. I have heard from a lot of retirees who have been led to believe that enacting the conference agreement will cause them to lose their employer-provided prescription drug and health care coverage. That is not true.  First, it is important to note that under current law, employers who provide solid retiree health care benefits receive no assistance at all from the Federal Government. And even in the absence of a Medicare prescription drug plan, many of these same employers under increasing pressure from rising prescription drug and other related health care costs are already cutting back or entirely dropping their coverage that they provide to their retirees today. Under this plan if we pass it today, the Federal Government will partner with employers who maintain or improve their current health care retiree health plans. They will receive a subsidy of up to 28 percent of their retiree drug costs between $250 and $5,000 and the subsidy will not be subject to taxation. So the reality is if we do not enact this plan, there will be no incentives for those employers to maintain or improve their current retiree coverage. Thousands of retirees will wind up with no help with their prescription drug costs, and we most likely will continue to see those retiree benefits continue to be slashed. With this plan, they will have an incentive to keep it.  I also remember back to the days when we passed a catastrophic health care plan, back in the early nineties. It was mandatory. Guess what? We repealed it because it was mandatory. This is voluntary. You can participate if you want; and if you do not want, you do not have to participate. I also remember a woman that came up to me at my son's little league game. Her mom had just had a stroke, $600 in additional costs that she was going to face every month. She said, Mr. Upton, will this plan help my mom? Yes, it will help her a lot. It will in fact save her family thousands of dollars, provide her with some quality of life that her family expects and the plan will help.  I urge my colleagues to vote for this plan this morning.  