Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4.  Mr. Chairman, welfare reform in the past did not work. We did not have it. It was welfare under the old system. We did not have reform. We passed welfare reform then; and President Clinton, after a couple of vetoes, ended up signing the bill, and we established a base to get our States out of the trouble that they were in.  Last year, this House passed a bipartisan proposal to again move the process forward, but there were some in the other body who chose not to take that legislation up. This year, we are acting a little quicker.  There are two very important components of this legislation. One is the abstinence-only education which provides $50 million each year to the States under a matching program. It does not take away from other programs, it works, and we have seen teen pregnancy rates drop dramatically in those States that have used it. In my State, a 40 percent drop.  The second thing that we did was we removed the incentive for people to stay on welfare in lots of ways. Primarily what we did, though, through TMA, transitional medical assistance, we are able to say to those folks that were on welfare and knew that by taking a job they would lose their Medicaid for themselves and their kids, that that is not going to happen, that we provided the transition so that those families could take a job, get into the workforce, move up the ladder, that they would not lose that provision that would otherwise have taken away their health insurance. We changed that. TMA is in this bill, it was the bill that we helped write in our subcommittee, it was done, and it is part of this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support it and move the bill again to the other body so that we can see this legislation reach the President's desk.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4, legislation reauthorizing the very successful 1996 welfare reform act. As a senior member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee and the Education and the Workforce Committee, two of the three House committees with jurisdiction over welfare reform, I have worked closely with my colleagues to further strengthen this legislation so that more families can know the benefits of personal responsibility, work, and stronger family units.  I'd like to focus today on two key components of the 1996 law that I have taken the lead on--the reauthorization of the Transitional Medical Assistance program and the Title V abstinence education block grant program.  One of the greatest disincentives to leaving the welfare rolls is the lost of Medicaid coverage for oneself and one's family. H.R. 4 reauthorizes the Transitional Medical Assistance program, which will ensure that individuals leaving welfare for employment have guaranteed health care coverage for up to one year.  H.R. 4 also reauthorizes the Title V abstinence education program at the current funding level of $50 million a year. When we passed welfare reform, we emphasized work and personal responsibility. We have made great strides in promoting work, but too many of young people's dreams are still being cut short by poor personal decisions that dramatically affect the course of their lives. Teen birth rates have been failing, but nearly \1/2\ million teens in this country give birth each year--a rate higher than those of most industrialized nations. And 8,519 births are to girls under the age of 15. We know that out-of-wedlock births and teen births take a high toll--on the child, the teen mother, and our society as a whole.  Further, sexually transmitted diseases have reached epidemic proportions, placing the health and very lives our young people in serious peril. In the 1960s, one in 47 sexually active teens was infected with a sexually transmitted disease. Today, one in four is infected.  It is important to note that State participation in the Title V abstinence education program is voluntary, and this is not free money to the States. States have to match every 4 federal dollars they receive with three dollars of their own. Yet today, 49 of the 50 states are participating.  Anyone who doesn't think abstinence education works has only to examine my State of Michigan's record. The State began its own program in 1993--the Michigan Abstinence Partnership program. One reason that it works so well is its emphasis on involving entire communities--parents, teachers, health professionals, youth leaders, youth organizations, and community leaders--in developing programs tailored to their unique needs. Michigan's teen pregnancy rates have dropped 40 percent in the targeted group of 15-17 year olds, and for the last several years, Michigan has been one of up to five states rewarded by the Department of Health and Human Services for achieving the largest decrease in their ratios of out-of-wedlock to total births while also experiencing a reduction in their abortion rates.  Abstinence education programs are much more than ``just say no'' programs. They are positive, motivational programs that give young people the information and inspiration they need to think of their futures and abstain not only from sexual activity but also from drug and alcohol use.  Mr. Chairman, President Bush got it exactly right when he said that abstinence is not just about saying no to sex, it is about saying yes to a happy, healthier future.  