Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, as the lead sponsor of the Animal Drug User Fee Act of 2003, I am very pleased that we are taking up this bill on the House floor today. Closely modeled after the very successful Prescription Drug User Fee Act of 1992 for human drugs, the Animal Drug User Fee Act is designed to give the FDA's Center for Veterinary Medicine the resources and incentives needed to significantly improve the animal drug review process.  This bill was unanimously approved by the Committee on Energy and Commerce and is supported by a broad coalition of veterinary and producer groups, including the American Veterinary Medical Association and the American Farm Bureau, to name just two of the coalition members.  We would not be here on the floor today were it not for the strong bipartisan support that this legislation received in our committee. I would like to especially acknowledge my original cosponsor and author of the bill, the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DeGette), committee chairman and ranking member, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell), our Subcommittee on Health Chair, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), and the ranking member, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown), who is here today, as well as the Members on both sides of the aisle who have cosponsored this legislation.  I am grateful, too, for the hard work of our committee staff, Brent Delmonte, Patrick Ronan, and John Ford and for the assistance we have received from the FDA and the Animal Health Alliance, particularly my staff, Jane Williams.  This legislation is sorely needed. Despite a statutory review time of 180 days, the average new animal drug application review currently takes about a year and a half and it may drag on for even longer. The slowdown in review time is jeopardizing the supply of new, safe and effective animal drugs needed to keep our pets, flocks and herds healthy and help provide American consumers with a safe and wholesome food supply.  Under this proposal, H.R. 1260, the additional revenues generated from fees paid by the pioneer animal drug industry would be dedicated for use in expediting the testing and review of new animal drugs in accordance with the performance goals that have been mutually agreed upon by the FDA and the animal drug industry.  As FDA Commissioner Mark McClellan has noted, a faster, more predictable review process is expected to spur more spending on research and development by the industry, promoting animal health by increasing the availability and diversity of new, safe and effective products.  I encourage my colleagues to vote for this much-needed bipartisan bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  