Speaker, I thank my good chairman who has been instrumental in getting this important piece of legislation to the floor. Again, he has done yeoman's work with so many others here in this body.  Mr. Speaker, as the lead sponsor of the bipartisan House version of the Poison Control Center Enhancement and Awareness Act Amendments of 2003, it is my pleasure to help manage this bill, S. 686, the Senate version of the legislation on the floor today.  What we are doing today is taking up the Senate-passed bill and inserting updated language from our bill. We are doing so because we determined that it was the best way to expedite the final passage of this much-needed legislation reauthorizing and strengthening our Federal commitment to ensuring that our Nation's poison control centers can continue to provide life-saving services to all of our constituents, particularly in these last throes of this session of the Congress.  I want to take this opportunity to particularly acknowledge Senator DeWine's tremendous leadership on this legislation in the other body and to thank our original cosponsor and colleague, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Towns), who is on the floor; the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin), committee chairman; and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell), the ranking member; the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), the House subcommittee chairman; the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown), the ranking member; and also for the many staff who have helped. I am grateful for their hard work, particularly Cheryl Jaeger and John Ford, and for the assistance that we have received from the American Association of Poison Control Centers and Jane Williams on my staff who helped shepherd this through so many juggernauts; and if we had a parking place for the staff member of the month in front of the Capitol, her name would be the first inscribed on that plate.  Mr. Speaker, poison control centers provide vital, very cost-effective services to the American public. Each year, more than 2 million poisonings are reported to poison control centers throughout this country. More than 90 percent of these poisonings occur in the home, and 50 percent of poisoning victims are children under the age of 6. For every dollar spent on poison control services, we save $7 in medical costs. We prevent a nightmare from happening in virtually any house that uses the phone number and uses these particular facilities.  The horrific events of 9/11 and the anthrax cases the next month brought home the vital role that our Nation's poison control centers must be prepared to play in the event of further terrorist attacks. The 2001 Presidential Task Force on Citizen Preparedness in the War on Terrorism recommended that poison control centers be used as a source of public information and public education regarding potential biological, chemical, and nuclear domestic terrorism.  Mr. Speaker, the passage and enactment of this bill will ensure that our Nation's poison control centers have the resources that they need to fulfill their vital mission as the first line of defense against accidental poisonings and the response to biological, chemical, and nuclear terrorism. I ask that all of the Members join us in voting for this legislation. It will indeed save lives for many Americans.  