Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the House is considering today H.R. 3034, the National Bone Marrow Donor Registry Reauthorization Act to extend Federal support for a national bone marrow registry for an additional 5 years.  Bone marrow transplants are often one of the last options available to patients struggling to fight debilitating and often terminal diseases. Sadly, finding a bone marrow match is most difficult. In fact, every year nearly two-thirds of patients in need of a bone marrow transplant will not find a marrow donor match within their family and must rely on the help of strangers. The National Bone Marrow Donor Registry facilitates marrow and cord blood transplants for patients with life-threatening diseases who do not have matching donors in their families.  In addition to the 5-year reauthorization period, H.R. 3034 amends the functions of the National Bone Marrow Donor Registry to reflect new directions that the National Bone Marrow Donor Registry is undertaking to improve its capabilities. Notably, the legislation directs the registry to maintain and expand medical response capabilities, in concert with Federal programs, for responding to terrorist threats that can damage marrow. The registry is also directed to increase the number of umbilical cord blood units listed in the registry and assist cord blood banks in the registry program. This is of special importance to many minority populations who are less likely to find a bone marrow match.  H.R. 3034 also includes provisions to improve data collection and facilitate information sharing with physicians, other health care professionals and the public regarding transplants from unrelated donors.  Each month, the National Bone Marrow Donor Registry coordinates more than 150 transplants. With a diverse registry of more than 4 million potential volunteer bone marrow and cord blood donors, the National Bone Marrow Donor Registry offers hope to thousands and thousands of patients. It is important that we reauthorize this successful program.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this piece of legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  