  Mr. President, I rise in strong support of this legislation. It might be useful for this body to know a little bit of my background with this kind of legislation.  Twenty-five years ago, I was a new president of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, and I drafted legislation to amend the human rights ordinance of that city and county to prohibit discrimination in both housing and employment on the basis of sexual orientation. To my knowledge, it was the first such legislation ever introduced in a major city and county anywhere in the United States.  Well, I served as supervisor for 9 years, and then as mayor for 9 years. During that period of time, I never, ever had a single complaint about that legislation--not one. It was the first in the Nation, and it was difficult to pass; people did not understand it. Some said, ``Is this special treatment?'' Answer: No. ``Does this convey some additional right that no one else has?'' Answer: No. It's pure and simple, as this legislation is pure and simple.  What this legislation says is that you cannot be denied employment because you may be gay or straight. It does not say you are protected against inappropriate conduct in any way, shape, or form. I think this is a key point. Is it inappropriate conduct for anybody to be kissing on their job as a waiter or waitress? The answer is, yes, it is inappropriate conduct, regardless of whether they are gay or straight. The same thing goes for clothing. If it is inappropriate to wear certain things in the workplace, this is true whether you are gay or whether you are straight.  So a lot of the hobgoblins that are expressed by the other side that this will open the world to all kinds of inappropriate activity, in my view, based on 25 years of watching a piece of legislation that I authored, which was passed, which I presided over as mayor of the city, is simply not correct.  There was not one complaint from any major corporation or minor corporation, major business or minor business, major employer or minor employer in the city and county of San Francisco, to my knowledge, in the last 25 years. These are major corporations like Bechtel, major corporations like McKesson, major corporations like Wells Fargo Bank, major corporations like the Bank of America, who have operated with this legislation intact in the city and county of San Francisco for the past 25 years, without a problem.  I believe that will be true for the rest of the Nation. This bestows no quota, no special privilege, no exemption from any law or rule or code of conduct anywhere. It simply says, based on the fact that you may be gay or lesbian, you cannot be denied employment.  But act inappropriately and it all changes. Do something that is improper conduct, and it all changes. But just because of who you may be, you simply cannot be denied employment. It seems to me that that is a pretty basic right that everybody has, regardless of their race, their religion, their creed, their color. Just because I am black, don't deny me employment. Just because I am Hispanic, don't deny me employment. But if I act inappropriately for the job, if I dress inappropriately for the job, or if I, in any way, create problems, then it is a different story. But not just because of who I am, because I can't help who I am. That is the message of this legislation.  Let me give you two cases, two specific cases. William Ballou began working as a waiter in a Fremont, CA, restaurant in September 1991. Within 6 months, he had received both a promotion to assistant manager and a glowing letter of recommendation by the franchise owners of the restaurant.  But other waiters, some bartenders, and the restaurant manager frequently made antigay remarks, even urging servers to rush gay patrons, because, they were told, ``this is a family restaurant.'' After one particularly hurtful confrontation with the manager, Ballou told the franchise owners about this harassment. He was then fired due to ``personality conflicts.'' We see this pattern of harassment followed by firing all too often.  Sometimes the discriminatory firing is even more blatant. One woman, Tracie Cleverly, worked for many months at a Salt Lake City franchise of a well-known restaurant chain. Her coworkers and manager were aware that she was a lesbian, but this didn't affect her prospects or her work environment. She received good work reviews, and her manager soon started her in training to be a supervisor.  Unfortunately, her understanding manager resigned, and a new person came to work his first day with a list of people to be fired, including all of the gay and lesbian workers in the restaurant. And he simply said, ``I don't want these kinds of people working here.''  We are not asking for special rights in this legislation. All we are saying is that simply because someone may be gay or straight, no more than someone may be black or Catholic or Jewish or Spanish or American Indian, or anything else, just because of who they are they should not be discriminated against.  I have listened to some of the comments on this floor about inappropriate action and special privilege, and none of this is encompassed in this legislation. It is clean, it is pure, and it is simple. And it is just directed at persons themselves. Once that person begins to do certain things, it may be a different story. Inappropriate conduct, once again, is inappropriate conduct, whether you be gay or straight. I think that is a very important point to get across.  So I would like to commend the Senator from Massachusetts. It is my belief that this freestanding bill provides the same remedies permitted under title VII of the Civil Rights Act and the Americans With Disabilities Act.  This is a big country. It is a democratic country. I think every Member of this body believes that no one should be prevented from obtaining a job because of their race, creed, color, sex, and I hope sexual orientation will be added to that.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  