 President, I rise today to join my colleagues in expressing support for an increased effort to find a cure for breast cancer and for the Race for the Cure which will take place on June 15.  Every 3 minutes an American woman is diagnosed with breast cancer.  Every 12 minutes an American woman dies of breast cancer.  Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in women. The incidence is rising each year.  This year, 184,300 new cases will be diagnosed and 44,300 women will die from breast cancer. In California this year, 17,100 new cases of female breast cancer will be diagnosed and 4,100 California women will die.  Even though the Federal Government has spent almost $1.5 billion on breast cancer research in the last 20 years and Federal funding has quadrupled since 1990, we still do not have a cure. The annual race is an important event, bringing public attention to the need to continue the drive. It gives us all a way to keep up the momentum toward a cure.  Breast cancer is not just a woman's disease. It also can afflict men. In addition, when a woman has breast cancer, her whole family is affected. Everyone must cope with the trauma, physical, and psychological.  Women today must sort through many confusing messages. There is confusion about who should have a mammogram and how frequently. There is confusion about treatment options, like mastectomy versus lumpectomy, radiation versus chemotherapy.  To help families better understand the disease, their options and research trends, the Senate Cancer Coalition which I chair with Senator Mack, is holding a hearing on June 13 from 1 to 4 p.m. in room 106 Dirksen. Experts will discuss the controversies surrounding frequency of mammograms and treatment choices. We will look at what the Federal research dollar has accomplished and the direction research should now take. We will examine the obstacles families face in getting good information and making informed decisions.  Breast cancer is a devastating disease. I commend my colleagues for coming to the Senate floor today to express their concern and to stress the importance of continuing the Federal research race for the cure. This is an important role the Federal Government can play and one in which I am proud to participate.  