 President, I rise to support increasing the minimum wage from the current floor of $4.25 to $5.15 per hour, the 90-cent increase being phased-in in two stages over the next year.  This issue is about making ends meet. It's about people being able to pay the rent and put food on the table, and the bottom line is, the current minimum wage is simply not enough to live on.  A person working full time at minimum wage today does not even make enough money to meet the Federal poverty level. An American working a 40-hour week makes an annual salary of $8,640--nearly $300 below the Federal poverty level of $8,910. For a family of two, the poverty level is $11,920.  The minimum wage is supposed to be a safeguard against poverty-level wages, but for millions of Americans, the cost of living has outpaced any protection afforded by the minimum wage.  Many families in this country are just one paycheck away from disaster--whether it is an illness, the need to move, or simply the car breaking down--many people living paycheck to paycheck live in fear that they may not make it this month or the next. They live in dread of the next heat wave that could force them to choose between paying the extra-high electric bill or buying the kids a new pair of shoes.  We don't have a magic wand to fix their situation, but in my view we do have an obligation to maintain a minimum wage level that, at the very least, keeps pace with the cost of living.  Let me give you an example of what raising the minimum wage just 90 cents would mean to a family:  It means $1,800 more money every year; enough to pay 4 months of rent; enough to cover health care costs for a whole year; enough to pay 9 months of utility bills; and enough to buy 7 months worth of groceries.  Maintaining a minimum wage that makes sense is especially important for States like mine with a higher than average cost of living:  A loaf of bread in Los Angeles, at $1.34, is double that of the United States average of 75 cents.  A gallon of milk in the United States costs $1.41 on average, but in San Diego it costs $1.71.  A can of tuna that costs 69 cents on average costs 90 cents in San Diego.  In San Francisco, housing costs are 160 percent higher than the national average.  The cost of health care in Los Angeles is 37 percent higher than the national average.  The cost of transportation is 22 percent higher and there a fewer lower cost alternatives.  The minimum wage does not just affect teens who are working their first job. Seventy percent of Americans who receive the minimum wage are adults over 20 years old. Forty percent are the sole breadwinner in their family and more than three of every five are women, many of whom are single women supporting a family.  A decent wage has long been a hallmark of this country's promise. It means a livable wage for a fair day's work. It means providing for your family and staying off welfare. A decent minimum wage honors work. I hope my colleagues will join me in passing this amendment. It will mean a great deal to a lot of hard-working Americans.  