 President, I rise to express my great concern and disappointment with the conferees named by the other body who insisted on striking section 1088 of the Senate's DOD authorization bill. Section 1088, an amendment by Senator Biden and myself would have prohibited teaching bombmaking for criminal purposes.  As my colleagues will recall, this amendment was accepted in the Senate as part of the antiterrorism bill last summer in addition to being part of the Senate DOD authorization bill. Regrettably, as happened this time, the other body dropped it from the bill.  The bombing in Centennial Olympic Park is only the most recent pipe bombing. In just 10 days, from July 21 to July 31, my staff found seven newspaper accounts of bombing incidents.  A 15-year-old boy, in Irving, TX, blew off three fingers with a bomb he learned to make using the Anarchist's Cookbook from the Internet.--Dallas Morning News, July 26, 1996.  A high school student from Providence, RI, assembled a foot-long bomb after obtaining instructions from the Internet.--Newsday, July 28, 1996.  A 16-year-old boy from Plainview, TX, lost a finger when a homemade bomb exploded. The Bomb was made using information from the Internet.--Newsday, July 28, 1969.  In Pennsylvania, three teenagers carrying a list of 20 ingredients needed to build a bomb were arrested after breaking into the Penncrest High School chemistry lab. They downloaded this list from the Internet.--Chicago Tribune, July 23, 1996.  In Rancho Palos Verdes, CA, sheriff's officials believe information available over the Internet was used in a series of pipe bombings which destroyed four mailboxes, a guard shack and a car. Four teenagers were arrested in this case.--Los Angeles Times, July 27, 1996.  In Orange County, CA, police believe four teenagers used the Internet to get instructions on building acid-filled bottle bombs. One of those bombs burned a 5-year-old boy at a school playground in April.--Los Angeles Times, July 27, 1996.  A 23-year old man, from Torrance, CA, used a 10-inch-long pipe bomb which blew out three windows in his home. He obtained the bomb making instructions from a manual on homemade bombs.--Los Angeles Times, July 27, 1996.  In addition to the explicit explanations on how to make all sorts of bombs, the Terrorist's Handbook, downloaded by my staff from the Internet, also encourages criminal behavior. Let me read a section entitled, ``Checklist for Raids on Labs.''       In the end, the serious terrorist would probably realize      that if he/she wishes to make a truly useful explosive, he or      she will have to steal the chemicals to make the explosive      from a lab.  This section ends with the needed lists of solid and liquid chemicals needed to make most bombs.  This amendment would have prohibited the teaching of bomb making if a person intends or knows that the bomb will be used for a criminal purpose. Additionally, the amendment prohibits the distribution of information on how to make a bomb if a person intends or knows that the information will be used for a criminal purpose.  This information is not something that one would use for a legitimate purpose or information that can be found in a chemistry textbook on the back shelf of a university library.  What my amendment targets is detailed information that is made available to any would-be criminal or terrorist, with the intended purpose of teaching someone how to blow things up in the commission of a serious and violent crime--to kill, injure, or destroy property.  This provision could give law enforcement another tool in the war against terrorism--to combat the flow of information that is used to teach terrorist and other criminals how to build bombs.  Some question the constitutionality of this provision. Common sense should tell us that the first amendment does not give someone the right to teach someone how to kill other people.  The right to free speech in the first amendment is not absolute. There are several well known exceptions to the first amendment which limit free speech. These include: Obscenity; child pornography; clear and present dangers; commercial speech; defamation; speech harmful to children; time, place and manner restrictions; incidental restrictions; and radio and television broadcasting.  I do not for 1 minute believe that the Framers of the Constitution meant for the first amendment to be used to protect the teaching of methods to injure and kill.  However, knowing that there would be concern over the first amendment, I carefully crafted this amendment with constitutional scholars. I'd like to read you some of what they said about this amendment.       I think the language . . . is about as tight as it could be      . . . the reasonable-knowledge, explosive materials, and      furtherance-of-a-criminal purpose language is all clear      enough; these are legal terms of art and unlikely to be found      void for vagueness.--Richard Delgado, University of Colorado      at Boulder.       The rigorously-protected talk anticipated by the first      amendment is, in brief, political discourse, in the widest      sense of that term. This kind of talk does not include      routine commercial speech (including advertisements),      pornography and obscenity, planning for criminal activity,      and related forms of expression. Commonsense distinctions      should be apparent here. These distinctions would rule out      anyone's instructing others in how to make explosives,      especially when it is known to the instructor that the      explosives being talked about are to be made and used by his      students as part of an illegal enterprise.--George      Anastaplo, Loyola University of Chicago.       Some civil libertarians attempt to immunize virtually all      talk from government regulation, but a stable community would      be difficult if not impossible if this should ever become the      rule. Others have gone so far as to justify actions,      including some violent actions, as forms of expression that      are entitled to freedom-of-speech protection. But even these      theorists are reluctant to argue that blowing up public      buildings should be considered a form of expression protected      by the First Amendment.--George Anastaplo, Loyola University      of Chicago.  In today's day and age when violent crimes, bombings and terrorist attacks are becoming too frequent, and when technology allows for the distribution of bombmaking material over computers to millions of people across the country in a matter of seconds, some restrictions are appropriate. Specifically, I believe that restricting the availability of bombmaking information, if there is intent or knowledge that the information will be used for a criminal purpose, is both appropriate and required in today's day and age.  My amendment to this bill was an important, balanced measure to confront the problems presented by today's rapid growth in technology, and I am extremely disappointed that it was removed during conference.  