 President, I would like to read you an excerpt from an editorial in yesterday's Sacramento Bee which, I believe, sums up the bill we are about to vote on       There is a widespread consensus that welfare must be      reformed to reduce long-term dependency and encourage work      and personal responsibility. But the current bill,      underfunded and overly punitive, ignores everything we have      learned over the last decade about moving welfare recipients      into the job market.       More than half of the welfare recipients lack a high school      education at a time when labor markets put a premium on      education and skills. Two-thirds live in central cities,      places from which employers have fled. At their most      successful, past efforts to move welfare recipients into      jobs, such as the GAIN program in Riverside have reduced      welfare roles by only 10 percent and incomes of welfare      recipients by a few hundred dollars a month.       Yet the welfare bill requires states to move half of all      recipients into jobs, even though, according to Congress' own      experts, the bill falls $12 billion shy of funding for the      work program. Even if one heroically assumes that two-thirds      of welfare families would find permanent employment, the      bill's five-year lifetime limit on benefits would leave 1      million families--adults and children alike--without any      source of income.  Mr. President, I am very disappointed that I must oppose the welfare reform bill as presented to this body by the House-Senate conference committee. I had hoped that the bill that emerged from the conference committee would be one that California could live with, because, I think it is clear that, with 32 million people, no State in the Union has as much to gain or as much to lose from welfare reform.  Unfortunately, this bill remains one in which California loses, and loses big.  California is being asked to foot the bill for changing welfare as we know it--and that is wrong. One-third of the estimated $55 billion savings in this bill comes from one State: California. California faces a loss of more than $16 billion over the next 6 years as a result of this bill, more when you add reductions in State funds under the new rules and potentially much more if our welfare caseload continues to increase at the current pace.  The losses to California are staggering: Up to $9 billion in cuts to Federal aid for legal immigrants, $4.2 billion in cuts in food stamps, and as much as $3 billion in AFDC funds over the next 6 years.  Not only is this bill unfair to California on its face, it is seriously flawed in a number of critically important areas.  The contingency funds provided in this bill--$2 billion--are too little. California alone, I predict, can and will need the entire amount.  Work requirements are an impossible goal. The heart of this bill, movingpeople from welfare to work, rests on the unknown and probably the impossible. No state, to my knowledge, in 6 years has been able to move 50 percent of its welfare caseload into jobs, as this bill requires. California will have an impossible hurdle to move the required 20 percent of its welfare caseload into jobs in 1 year, let alone 50 percent in 6 years. In order to meet the 20 percent work requirement in this bill, California would have to find jobs next year for more than 166,000 current adult welfare recipients. But, in the last 2 years, the State added an average of only 300,000 people total to payrolls in nonfarm jobs. How do we possibly create enough jobs to increase employment by another 50 percent--especially for a work force that is largely unskilled and under educated? California is a State that has all but lost its production base and is now producing either high-skilled jobs or hamburger flippers at minimum wage.  In order to move people into work, there must be affordable child care for parents. This bill does not provide anywhere near enough funds. The child care block grant in this bill is awarded to States based on their current utilization of Federal child care funds. In California, there are approximately 1.8 million children on AFDC. California currently provides child care subsidies and/or slots to approximately 200,000 children. The Child Care Law Center estimates that under the welfare reform bill, as more parents are required to work, as many as 418,000 additional preschool children and 650,000 children aged 5 to 13 may need child care. This would be a 600 percent increase in need for child care slots.  This bill does not come near the amount of child care dollars that would be needed in California to do this job.  The conference bill is actually worse than the Senate bill in handling America's ultimate safety net: Food Stamps. The conference bill cuts food stamps by 20 percent. California loses $4.2 billion.  Last year, an average of 1.2 million households--more than 3.2 million people--in California relied on food stamps each month. California's unemployment rate is still high at 7.2 percent--2 percentage points above the national rate of 5.3 percent. 1,117,000 people are out of work today--more than the entire populations of nine States. This bill would limit food stamps for an able-bodied adult with no children to a total of 3 months over a period of 3 years. If that person becomes unemployed, they would only be able to receive an additional 3 months of food stamps in that same 3-year period. This bill would also bar all legal immigrants from receiving food stamps--there is no exemption for elderly, disabled, or children.  The shelter deduction in this bill is a case in point which demonstrates that, however well intentioned this bill might be, it lacks a fundamental foothold in reality when it comes to California.  The shelter deduction allows families with children to deduct a maximum of $247, with an increase to $300 in the year 2001, from their income level when applying for aid--ostensibly to compensate for the cost of housing.  In the vast majority of the population centers in California, particularly in urban areas, you can not find a place to rent for that amount of money. In San Francisco, the average rent is between $750 and $1,000 per month.  So this deduction is so low that it is virtually useless in California.  California is not the only loser in this welfare bill. America's children lose as well. In a rush to deliver a welfare reform bill--any welfare bill--before the November elections, this bill is the moral equivalent of a dear John letter to our Nation's needy children.  Under this bill, 3.3 million children nationwide and 1.8 million children in California could lose AFDC after the 5-year limit. Children of undocumented immigrants would not even be allowed to buy federally subsidized school lunches. Recent studies by Children Now and the Urban Institute estimated that this welfare plan would thrust an additional 1.1 million children into poverty conditions in the United States. The Senate rejected moderate amendments sought by the White House as well as members of both parties to provide noncash assistance to children whose parents lose their benefits in the form of vouchers for food, clothing and other basic necessities.  The voucher language included in the conference report is an empty-handed gesture allowing states to rob Peter to pay Paul because it adds no new funds to provide basic necessities to children whose parents lose benefits.  The major cost shift to California comes from the elimination of Federal assistance for legal immigrants, most of whom are elderly, blind, and disabled--all of them poor--who came to this country under terms agreed to by the Federal Government. And yet, the Federal Government will not bear the cost of changing the terms of that deal--the cost of this policy shift will be forced onto States and counties.  Let me be clear: I am all for changing U.S. immigration policies to hold sponsors of legal immigrants legally bound to provide financial support to their sponsees. But to change this policy on those already in this country--retroactively--and thus summarily dropping hundreds of thousands of elderly and disabled immigrants from Federal support programs like SSI, food stamps, and AFDC onto already overburdened county assistance programs, is not only an abdication of Federal responsibility--to me it is unconscionable.  The impact of this cost shift to California counties could be catastrophic.  An estimated 722,939 legal immigrants in California--many of whom are aged, blind, and elderly--would lose SSI, AFDC, and food stamps under this bill.  Los Angeles County--the most impacted area nationwide--estimates that 93,000 noncitizen legal immigrants will lose SSI under this bill, at a potential cost of more than $236 million each year in county general assistance funds.  Los Angeles also estimates that the restriction on future immigrants receiving nonemergency Medicaid services would result in $100 million in additional costs--much higher unless the State comes up with the funds to provide coverage to noncitizens.  San Francisco County estimates that the cost of county funded general assistance could increase $74 million under the legal immigrant provisions in this bill--an increase of more than 250 percent.  Other counties in California are studying the impact of this legislation and coming up with similar financial horror stories. Twelve of the top twenty metropolitan areas in the country that are impacted most severely by this bill are in California.  The State of California indicated by its budget that it has no ability or intention of stepping in to fill the funding gap this bill creates. Governor Wilson's State budget for fiscal year 1996-1997 assumes the immigrant provisions in this legislation will pass and legal immigrants will no longer be eligible for assistance.  California's legislative analyst's report indicates that Governor Wilson's budget:       . . . assumes enactment of federal legislation barring most      legal immigrants from receiving SSI/SSP benefits starting      January 1, 1997. The budget assume savings of $91 million      from this proposal.  That is from the ``Legislative Analyst's Report, 1996-97 Budget.''  While we in Washington sit in our ivory tower and pat ourselves on the back for changing welfare as we know it, the real impact of this bill will land on real people who are too old or too sick to care for themselves, and whose families--if they have one--have no ability to help them.  Let me put some faces and names on this welfare bill for you:  A 73-year-old woman who asked not to be named came to the United States as a refugee from Vietnam in 1981. She sold everything she owned to pay for her passage on a boat for her and her mother. Her mother died on the trip over. She moved to San Francisco in 1985 and fell ill with kidney disease. She currently depends on SSI and Medicaid to pay for dialysis and other medical care. Her only relative in the United States is a goddaughter who cannot afford to care for her. She has applied for citizenship, but may not pass the English proficiency exam.  Maria, who lives in Los Angeles, came to the United States in 1973 when she was 62 years old to live with her daughter. In 1984, her daughter had a stroke at work which rsulted in two cerebral aneurysms. Following the stroke, her daughter was unable towork and therefore unable to support Maria as she had done for the previous 11 years. Maria received both SSI and Medicaid. Neither Maria nor her daughter would be able to survive on her daughter's disability income alone.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield back the remainder of my time.  