 I thank the Chair.  Mr. President, in my short 3-year tenure in this body, I have never seen a better experience in working across the aisle than the effort that the centrist coalition has gone through since last October. I can only give my strongest accolades to Senator Chafee and to Senator Breaux, who called us together in meeting after meeting and listened patiently to what each one of us had to say. We discussed it. We voted. We went back and forth, figures and calculations were done and redone when they had to be, and decisions were made.  I think everyone in this coalition, all 22 of us, 11 Republicans, 11 Democrats, accepts a basic premise that we have to address the budget deficit. I want to give you three basic facts on which this premise is based. In 1963, less than 30 percent of all Federal spending paid for interest and entitlements; more than 70 percent of our spending paid for discretionary programs--defense, education, training, R&D, roads, and bridges. Today, it is reversed. Two-thirds of spending addresses entitlements, not on budget, and interest, about which we can do nothing. Only one-third goes for discretionary programs.  By 2003, more than 70 percent of all spending will be directed at interest and entitlements, blocking our ability to make needed investments in education, research, and strengthen the economy. I will never forget when friend and colleague Senator Conrad, in one of our meetings, said in a very emotional and very forthright way, ``You know, the choices are twofold: Either we agree to act now or we agree to reduce all benefits across the board by one-third and set tax rates at 80 percent or more for our children.'' In fact, that is the choice. Either do one of those options or do something that crosses party lines.  I, like Senator Chafee, like Senator Breaux, like the others amongst us, truly believes that unless we have something that is bipartisan and crosses the aisle, we will not have the votes to affect a 7-year balanced budget. If we do nothing, by the year 2012 entitlements and interest payments will grow so rapidly that they will consume all tax revenues. By 2000, interest payments will increase by more than 50 percent, pass national defense in size, and trail only Social Security as the second-largest Federal expenditure.  So we have to move. The bottom line of this budget is that it is balanced over 7 years after thorough and comprehensive review of all areas of spending and continues the strict spending discipline for discretionary spending.  As you have heard, the centrist plan includes approximately $154 billion in Medicare savings, $62 billion in Medicaid savings, $50 billion in welfare savings, and more than $50 billion from a diverse range of other programs, including housing, energy, natural resources, civil service retirement, veterans, debt collections and telecommunications. Additionally, the plan adopts $25 billion in savings by closing tax loopholes.  Let me quickly walk through some of the elements of the plan. For Medicare, the plan adopts about $154 billion in savings over the next 7 years. The centrist plan rejects the steep cuts in Medicare to pay for tax breaks, but generates the needed savings through sound and pragmatic steps. It reduces the rate of increases for payments to physicians, hospitals, and nursing homes, outpatient services, durable medical equipment, and other payments. It establishes means testing on part B premiums for the wealthy. It freezes certain payments for home health agencies, such as visiting nurses in the home, while a system of fixed, preset payments is implemented. It strengthens enforcement against fraud and abuse. If the savings are applied to the trust fund, the funds solvency is extended just like the other budget plans.  I would also like to address Medicaid. The centrist plan preserves Medicaid as the insurer for the disabled, the elderly in nursing homes, and low-income Americans, who have no other coverage. It reduces taxpayer costs by changing to fixed allocations and fixed growth rates. It facilitates expansion of managed care, a cost savings trend that California has led. However, we offer a balanced plan. It rejects the idea of permitting each Governor to define disabled, continues the current State partnership matching rates and it retains Federal nursing home standards.  We also enact substantial welfare reform. The centrist plan creates a welfare block grant, and requires States to continue to pay their fair share. It creates a contingency fund, provides more child care funding than the other plans, with about $14.7 billion, requires 100 percent maintenance of effort and a State matching fund. It has 50 percent work standard by the year 2006, but maintains the Nation's safety net. It allows a waiver for work for single parents with children who cannot work or have no access to child care. It has a 20-hour work option for States, and a State would have the option to deny benefits to additional children born while on welfare. It clamps down on SSI, denying benefits for addicts or alcoholics.  The CPI, which Senator Breaux has just addressed, is an important element of the plan. Senator Breaux raises an important point that we should all keep in mind. This centrist plan will continue to provide that someone receiving a COLA for a Federal benefit will, in fact, receive a full, accurate COLA. They will be able to count on it.  I want to touch on the tax plan. Some say we should adopt no tax plan at all and that has been a point of contention between the two parties. We take what I believe is a modest, fair tax plan--providing a net $105 billion in tax cuts and a gross $130 billion of tax cuts.  This is how the plan works out: About $67 billion of the tax cut is our child tax credit. We all agreed to a plan put forward by Senator Lieberman of Connecticut creating a KidSave IRA, where there is a $250 child tax credit, which increases to $500 if that money is put into an IRA. The plan seeks to provide about $11 billion for IRA increases and $1 billion is for educational assistance, offering a deduction for higher education expenses, interest on student loans, and penalty-free IRA withdrawals for education. Additionally, our centrist plan raises the self-employed deduction for health expenses from 30 to 50 percent.  I would also like to address capital gains tax reform. I am one Democrat that ran for this office on capital gains reductions. Why? Because it makes sense. It helps the economy create jobs. It spurs investment. Our plan includes capital gains reform, dropping the corporate capital gains rate, from 34 to 31 percent, and seeks to cut individual capital gains, maximum bracket, from 28 to 19 percent. Our plan also provides estate tax reform to assist family-owned businesses and extends important, expired tax provisions like the R&D tax credit and the orphan drugtax credit and others on a revenue-neutral basis.  This plan may not have everything. In fact, it includes some things I do not support. However, I am never going to get everything I want. Nor is anyone else in this body. So maybe by acknowledging that is sort of the first point of a budget anonymous program, somewhat like Alcoholics Anonymous. The only way to stop is to agree to something that, in the main, meets our basic contention and goals.  This plan will help strengthen the economy. It will promote economic growth. It is fair, it is just, it is balanced, and it affects everyone evenly, right across the board. I believe the other House can support it, and I believe that, if the President takes a good look at it, he can support it, too. If we enact this plan, this Congress will have delivered on its commitment to enact a balanced budget within the 7-year period.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  