 President, I would like to say a few words today relative to an effort being undertaken by veterans and local community organizations to protect and preserve land adjacent to the Los Angeles National Cemetery.  This land, 44 acres, was deeded as a gift to the Federal Government provided that its use would be for veterans. It is hoped that the land can be preserved so that as the need for veterans cemeteries grows, this land, which is adjacent to the Los Angeles National Cemetery, will be a valuable resource to the Department of Veterans Affairs.  It is my understanding that there have been requests of the DVA to lease this land for commercial development, including its use as the site for an NFL stadium. This has raised concerns by veterans and local communities as to the appropriate use of this land so close to a national cemetery where families and veterans go to honor their loved ones.  Local organizations are willing and able, through private resources, to develop this land as a park honoring our Nation's veterans. This proposal, in keeping with the intent of the gift of land, complements the existing cemetery and protects the land for future veterans' use.  I have received letters from the American Legion, the California Department of Veterans Affairs, and officials of numerous veterans organizations in the State expressing their support for this effort.  I would ask that the committee include language in its conference report directing the Department of Veterans Affairs to work with these organizations to develop the land into a veterans memorial park and to prohibit the Department from entering into any long-term, binding leases which would tie the use of that land into one inconsistent with the intent of its donor.  I applaud the local veterans, the California veterans groups, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs both in Los Angeles and Washington, DC, and the local citizens groups for working together to arrive at an approach to protect this land for veterans now and in the future  