 President, make a strong case and, to me, a convincing case that the current $12 million proposal to construct a triple-fence barrier along the entire 14-mile stretch is not feasible, and would not accomplish the intended goals, and could pose safety risks for Border Patrol agents.  The INS argues that some border areas are not suitable for multiple fences and are not sealed off by a single barrier because of the steep terrain. They made the case that it would be difficult if not impossible to erect a triple fence in these areas at below a cost of $110 million--far above the $12 million in this proposal.  This, to me, is overly expensive and a waste of taxpayer money. The INS and Border Patrol argue that a triple fence running for 14\1/2\ miles would be dangerous and ineffective.  Now, what this amendment does is present a sensible, cost-effective substitute for the triple fence concept. It has the strong support of the INS, the Border Patrol, and the National Border Patrol Council. Essentially, what the amendment would do is authorize $12 million for construction of a vitally needed all-weather road system along the border. It would allow for the low-light television system, more ground sensors and infrared night-vision equipment. It would also provide some flexibility with respect to the border fence itself.  I am told that of the 14 mile area, the INS has located eight locations which it has said could be suitable for three-tier barriers that range in length from half a mile to 3 miles in length. That totals about 9\1/2\ miles. Once again, their top priority would be construction of an all-weather road system in this area.  What this amendment does, bottom line, is say, ``INS, use your best judgment.'' There is $12 million authorized. Have flexibility. Be able to create your all-weather roads, the necessary infrastructure, and use the triple fencing where it is safe and makes sense to do so.  I think that is the appropriate way, really, to handle this situation.  I ask for the yeas and nays on this amendment.  