 President, this amendment authorizes $6.5 million for basic research in nuclear test monitoring. These funds ensure that the Department of Defense is able to support a comprehensive research and development program to improve nuclear test monitoring capabilities.  The proliferation of nuclear weapons continues to be one of the most serious threats to our national security. This amendment underscores the need for the United States to maintain an effective capability in detecting and identifying clandestine nuclear tests. Only a sustained level of research involving the university community, in partnership with DOD and small companies, has been shown to be effective in developing and improving the monitoring of nuclear testing.  The Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty [CTBT] will present new monitoring challenges including the detection and identification of events of smaller and smaller magnitude; and the ability to discriminate industrial or other chemical explosions and earthquakes from nuclear explosions. In order to meet these challenges, it is critical that adequate resources be devoted to programs aimed at developing and sustaining the capabilities required to monitor a CTBT.  Under the CTBT, all signatories are committed to permanently refrain from testing nuclear weapons. This treaty would help to curtail the spread of nuclear weapons by outlawing the tests which are so necessary for their development. It would help prevent additional countries from developing nuclear weapons, beyond the five declared nuclear weapons states--the United States, Russia, China, France, and Britain--and the three undeclared nuclear weapons states--Israel, India and Pakistan. The CTBT would facilitate the political conditions necessary to continue step-by-step reductions of nuclear weapons and, perhaps, their eventual elimination. The five nuclear weapons states are all finally on record supporting a CTBT.  My amendment will ensure that there is adequate funding, $6.5 million, for basic research to improve technologies which enhance our ability to detect underground nuclear tests. I am pleased to offer this amendment and ask my colleagues for their support.  