 President, I thank the Chair. Mr. President, I join with those in thanking the distinguished chairman of the Immigration Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee, the Senator from Wyoming, for what is extraordinarily thankless on a subject that perhaps has more controversy than almost any other I have seen since I have been in the U.S. Senate.  I will give my views on the bill that is now before us, the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1996. I come, obviously, along with my colleague, Senator Boxer, from the State most heavily impacted by illegal immigration in the Nation. The presentation of the Immigration and Naturalization Service to the Judiciary Committee showed that California is on a tier all by itself. The estimates on numbers vary, but they go anywhere from 1.6 million to 2 million, 3 million, and even 4 million people in our State illegally, depending upon whom one chooses to believe. Most authorities agree that the right number is in the vicinity of 2 million people in California illegally right now.  One concern is overriding--that illegal immigration is a serious problem. Additionally, it is the responsibility of the Federal Government, not the States, to prevent it. Californians went to the ballot and overwhelmingly approved the most stringent of propositions, proposition 187.  One part of proposition 187 provided that if a youngster is in this country illegally, he or she could not go to a public school. A teacher would have to act as an INS agent and ferret out that youngster and remove him or her from school. Even more strongly, the people said that if the parents are here illegally, that youngster would still be denied the right to a basic elementary school education.  The people of California overwhelmingly approved it. I believe one of the reasons they did was out of frustration, because the Federal Government has not responded to what is an increasing and growing problem.  The bill before us today tackles illegal immigration at the border, mainly by adding strength to our Border Patrol and border facilities. In the past 3 years, the administration and the Congress, both Houses and both parties, have come together, recognizing theneed and beginning to improve border infrastructure, such as lights and infrared-seeing devices, and manpower. And the Border Patrol has, for 3 years in a row, had additions of about 700 agents a year.  This legislation would add an additional 700 Border Patrol agents in the current fiscal year, and 1,000 more for the next 4 years, bringing the total number of agents to 4,700 by the year 1999. That is more than double the entire force that was in place when I came to the U.S. Senate 3 years ago. It would establish a 2-year pilot program for interior repatriation. The reason for that is, people come across, they are picked up, they are held for an hour, they are sent back right across the border to Tijuana. Three hours later, they try again, the same thing happens, and they try again and again. The pilot project would try to determine whether people who are repatriated into the interior of the country are less inclined or less able to cross that border again illegally than those not repatriated to the interior of the country.  The bill would add 300 full-time INS investigators for the next 3 fiscal years to enforce laws against alien smuggling, something that, today in America, is a $3 billion industry.  As a matter of fact, last week, the Justice Department made 23 arrests in California, which showed that organized gangs from New York to California were all participating in the alien smuggling of illegals from China to the United States in boats, transferring them to fishing boats, landing them, providing drop houses, and moving them back to New York.  The bill would add alien smuggling and document fraud offenses to the list of predicate acts under our Nation's racketeering laws, something many Federal prosecutors have told me is extremely important.  The bill would increase the maximum penalty for involuntary servitude to discourage cases like the one we saw recently, where scores of illegal workers from Thailand were smuggled into our country, then put in an apartment building with a fence around it and forced to work in subhuman conditions against their will in southern California.  This bill would strengthen staffing and infrastructure at the border, and it would provide for facilities for incarcerating illegal aliens. It would require all land border crossings to be fully staffed to facilitate legal crossing.  I can tell you that in San Diego, CA, at the border crossing gates, there are hours of waiting. There are 24 crossing gates at this one station. Only one-half of them are manned. Consequently, people engaged in legal, normal commerce sit at that gate and wait, sometimes for many hours, backed up in traffic.  This bill would increase space at Federal detention facilities to at least 9,000 beds. That is a 66-percent increase in detention capacity for the incarceration of criminal aliens. I can tell you, Mr. President, out of 120,000 inmates in the California Department of Corrections, between 15,000 and 20,000 of them are illegal immigrants, serving felony time in California. The cost to the State is literally hundreds of millions of dollars a year.  The bill would create a demonstration project in Anaheim, CA, to use INS personnel to identify illegal immigrants in prison, so that they can be more rapidly deported.  Historically, the way Congress has handled illegal immigration is through what are called employer sanctions. I think the intent--although I was not here, and the Senator from Wyoming knows far better than I--was that the reason most illegals--and I say ``most''--come here illegally is because of the lure of jobs. That is the magnet. Therefore, if you remove this magnet and prevent people from working illegally, you will deter illegal immigration.  In order to work, though, employer sanctions need an accurate method of verifying whether an applicant for a job is legally entitled to work. Up to this point, relying primarily on employer sanctions, the basis on which all illegal immigration is handled in the United States, has been a colossal failure. The reason for the failure is that employers have no reliable way to determine if a prospective employee is legally entitled to work.  Let me explain why. Presently, if an employer is interviewing someone for a job, he or she might say, ``Can you show me that you are legally entitled to work?'' They can present to the employer 29 different documents, under present law. Under present law, no prospective employer can say, ``May I see your green card?'' That is a violation of law. So they must take one, two, three or four of the 29 different methods of identification offered.  If somebody came in to me and I said, ``Do you have an identification to show that you are a resident of California?'' They would say, ``Oh, yes,'' and hold up this card. I would see that it is a California identification card, and its address is Interlock, CA, and it has a State seal on it. It is encased in plastic, and it looks very legal to me. Wrong. This very card is a forgery. Or they might hand me a Social Security card, and I would look at it and see all the traditional signs. The paper looks right, the color looks right. There is a number on it and a signature, just like on my own Social Security card. Could I trust it? No. This is a forgery.  The fact of the matter is that on the streets of Los Angeles, CA, you can buy both of these cards for under $50, and you can get them in 20 minutes, and they can have your photograph printed on them. You can purchase documents there anywhere from----  