 President, I believe I have an hour reserved and I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. President, I rise as a member of the Foreign Relations Committee toexpress my strong opposition to the conference report to accompany H.R. 1561, the State Department authorization bill.  This bill has been the cause of much turmoil, as we all know. It began with the markup of a bill that the Democrats on the Foreign Relations Committee had no part in drafting, and that many felt contained an excessively far-reaching plan to eliminate three foreign affairs agencies: The Agency for International Development, the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency, and the U.S. Information Agency.  When that bill reached the floor, Republicans were unable to invoke cloture on it. Meanwhile, the Senate was prevented from taking action to confirm 18 ambassadors, several hundred Foreign Service officer promotions, and to consider two critical arms control treaties--START II and the Chemical Weapons Convention.  Finally, last December, after several arduous weeks of negotiating, the distinguished chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Senator Helms, and the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, Senator Kerry, reached a compromise version of the consolidation plan that allowed the bill to be voted out to conference.  This, in turn, resulted in the Senate immediately confirming the ambassadorial nominations that had been on hold, and taking action soon thereafter to ratify the START II treaty. In addition, hearings are now underway that will lead to a vote by the full Senate on ratification of the Chemical Weapons Convention by April 30. For that I am grateful.  I was among those who voted for S. 908 last December, in part because I felt the compromise consolidation plan reached by Senators Helms and Kerry was a reasonable plan. However, my major motivation was to get it to conference so that we could take action on the ambassadors and treaties that were before the Senate.  Unfortunately, the bill that has come back from conference has many, many problems. First of all, the consolidation plan that came back from conference has moved considerably from the fairly reasonable compromise reached by Senator Helms and Senator Kerry. The conference report version requires the elimination of three agencies: USAID, ACDA, and USIA, two of which the President can later choose to preserve. This provision differs sharply from the preconference version which gave the President full discretion over whether or not to eliminate an agency. The new report also requires $1.7 billion in savings over 4 years, rather than over 5 years, as was in the Senate-passed bill.  Now, philosophically, Mr. President, it is my very strong belief that a President, any President, must and should be able to organize or reorganize the foreign affairs agencies of the United States as he or she sees fit.  I basically believe that foreign policy should be bipartisan, that we should work out our difficulties and speak as one Nation, as represented by our President. But I believe the President must be in charge of foreign policy. I came to that belief, Mr. President, ironically when I was a mayor. I was visited by the Chancellor of Germany, Helmut Schmidt. I saw, when I visited with him at the Fairmont Hotel, that he was chain smoking and was very upset. I said, ``What is wrong?'' He said to me an interesting thing. He said, ``You know, you Americans have no idea what you do when you reinvent the wheel of foreign policy every 4 years. You have no idea what it does to your allies.'' He went home and, 2 weeks later, he resigned.  I thought that was very interesting, and I never forgot what he said. So I began to watch American foreign policy a little differently. I saw where it is very difficult for many countries to really understand with what voice this Nation really speaks. I understand the separation of powers. I understand the balance of powers. And yet, we must, as a nation, speak to other nations with one voice and with clearly defined policies. I am finding that becomes more and more difficult.  So, consolidation is not the issue. Many of us support consolidation, but we can only support it if it is done in such a way that we provide our President, whether he be Republican or Democrat, with flexibility in the organization of the foreign affairs agencies. Unlike the compromise version that passed the Senate, this conference report returns to a coercive approach that forces the President to eliminate at least one agency over his objections. I simply cannot support a consolidation plan structured in this manner.  Second, this conference report does nothing to address the unprecedented restrictions that were placed on U.S. international population and family planning assistance in the fiscal year 1996 foreign operations bill.  After months of stalemate on that bill, a conference report was sent to the President, which has the effect of cutting U.S. international population and family planning programs by some 85 percent. These restrictions will have a seriously negative effect on women and families around the world. Family planning assistance, which helps women plan and space their pregnancies, has proven to be a major factor in curbing poverty and starvation and overpopulation, and providing the opportunity for a decent way of life in many parts of the world that are badly overcrowded with children, starving by the thousands because of lack of food.  Ironically, the restrictions in the foreign operations bill are advocated by those who oppose abortion and argue for a so-called pro-family agenda. But U.S. law already forbids the use of any U.S. foreign assistance for the provision of abortions.  As the distinguished chairman of the Appropriations Committee, who is a proud opponent of abortion, has pointed out time and time again, depriving millions of poor women of access to voluntary family planning services will only result in more unwanted pregnancies and more abortions. This bill fails to address these misguided restrictions.  Third, this bill prohibits any funds from being used to open, expand, or operate diplomatic or consular posts in Vietnam, unless the President certifies that the Vietnamese Government is fully cooperating with the U.S. in a number of areas related to the search for POW's and MIA's--a worthy statement. The problem is that these areas are effectively uncertifiable. In addition, failure to expand our new relationship with Vietnam could actually jeopardize the significant progress that has been made on the POW/MIA issue.  Furthermore, this provision unduly restricts the President's ability to conduct foreign relations according to his understanding of U.S. national interests. And by this I mean that it places conditions on whether or not the President can open an embassy.  Finally, at the time of the vote on S. 908, I made it very clear that there was an entire category of provisions in the bill, wholly separate from the consolidation aspect, that I found deeply troubling. These provisions related in various ways to the United States' relationship with the People's Republic of China, the largest country on Earth, and the most dynamically growing country in the world today.  At that time, I expressed the hope that these provisions would be ameliorated or removed in conference. In fact, I said that the resolution of these matters would be critical to my consideration of whether or not to support the conference report.  Unfortunately, virtually every one of these provisions remains in the bill. Some are in a slightly modified form, but they remain objectionable. There are even some new provisions on China in this conference report that were not in the original bill. Let me first list the provisions in this bill relating to China and then explain why they will result in my voting against this conference report.  Section 1601 declares that the provisions of the Taiwan Relations Act supersede provisions of the United States-China joint communique of August 17, 1982.  Section 1603 allows the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office, TECRO, to change its name to the Taipei Representative Office.  Section 1606 imposes unnecessary new reporting requirements on the Department of State to provide detailed information and political judgments on the implementation of the Sino-British Joint Declaration on Hong Kong.  New in the bill, section 1702 imposes excessive reporting requirements on the President with respect to humanrights in China, beyond those already required in the annual Human Rights Report, which I have just read. It is a detailed report, and I believe very strongly that it was inaccurately reported in the press. Section 1702 expresses the sense of Congress that the President should impose human rights-related preconditions on a possible future visit to China.  Section 1708 supports the admission of the President of Taiwan to the United States for a visit in 1996 ``with all appropriate courtesies''.  A new section, section 1709, supports the United States pushing for Taiwan's admission to the World Trade Organization [WTO], without respect to the status of China's application to join the WTO.  Section 1303 authorizes the President to appoint a special envoy for Tibet, and such a person would have to carry the rank of Ambassador.  Another new section in the bill, section 1701, provides that the President should condemn a prison system in China and, in essence, demand that China dismantle the prisons. What nation has ever told us to dismantle a prison? Would we listen to that, and would we be affected by it if they did that? I think not.  The simple fact of these eight provisions, and others, suggests something about this bill: It is excessively preoccupied with China. No other country receives half the attention China receives in this bill.  But far more serious than the preoccupation with China is the very serious damage that these provisions could do to our increasingly important and, I must say, increasingly strained relationship with China. I happen to believe strongly in the importance of the proper development of a relationship with the People's Republic of China, which is the most overlooked and most significant bilateral relationship in the world today.  I also happen to believe that there are those in China and in this country who would like to see it became an adversarial relationship. Yes. Would they like to see a return to the dangerous, pivotal, bipolar superpower arrangements that existed all during the cold war? That is what is understood by their actions. Nations then line up. They are either in one camp or the other. It is good for weapons sales. I do not want to see that happen. This relationship is too important to peace and stability in Asia. And, yes, it is too important to the prevention of major misunderstanding which could lead to a potential and devastating third world war.  As my colleagues know, the past few weeks have seen tensions in the triangular United States-China-Taiwan relationship reach new heights. As Taiwan's first fully democratic presidential election approached, China felt compelled to vent its displeasure over what it has perceived as a pro-independence policy in Taiwan by conducting missile tests and live-ammunition military exercises in the Taiwan Strait. These tests and exercises by China were unnecessary, dangerous, and provocative. And I have said as much directly to the highest-level Chinese officials.  The administration responded prudently by expressing its deep concern, by sending the U.S.S. Nimitz carrier group to join the U.S.S. Independence carrier group in the region to monitor events there, and by making it clear to the Chinese that any attack on Taiwan would have very grave consequences. This is in anyone's book strong and definitive action.  Under these tense circumstances Congress, I believe, must be very careful right now, post-Taiwanese election, not to take any action that would make a potentially difficult situation worse. There is a real window of opportunity. There is a calling for the first democratically elected President of Taiwan to take some steps to clarify Taiwanese policy, to indicate the willingness to reinstitute the across-the-strait dialog, and to clarify once and for all--perhaps jointly with China--a One-China policy.  I believe, as far as the United States is concerned, that we do not need legislation to further inflame the situation. The point has been made. The election has been held. The Taiwanese President has been reelected. Now we need to play the pivotal role of encouraging the parties to get together and discuss a peaceful resolution of their difficulties.  Without firm United States adherence to the principle of one China we would be unable to conduct any kind of normal relations with Beijing. This is an undeniable fact of life, no matter what anybody in this body says.  If there is not a One-China policy, we drive the People's Republic of China into the adversarial Soviet Union-type of response and a cold war. I do not believe this is desirable United States policy. And that is the impact. That is the practical, as I would say, ``on the streets'' impact of this bill.  I do not believe that the United States is going to retreat on a One-China policy. But to amend the Taiwan Relations Act to explicitly supersede the 1982 joint communique is to give substance and credibility to China's fears. That is what they suspect we are up to. Why would we take that provocative step at this time? For what reason other than to enable ourselves to become incendiary? From the Chinese prospective, it would be tantamount to a declaration that we were about to send a new round of arms sales to Taiwan, that we no longer subscribe to the One-China policy, and that we are meddling deeply in their internal affairs.  Not only would passing this provision be foolhardy; it is also unnecessary. The Taiwan Relations Act is the law of the land. And, like any law, it carries greater weight than any diplomatic agreement, other than a treaty.  But to amend the act to explicitly state that it supersedes the 1982 joint communique would be seen by China as an outright repudiation of a critical and stabilizing element of our longstanding policy toward China subscribed to by six United States Presidents.  I want to commend the administration for listing this provision prominently among the principal reasons the President will veto this bill when it lands on his desk.  Elsewhere in this conference report Congress expresses its support for a visit to the United States by the President of Taiwan in 1996 ``with all appropriate courtesies''. I must ask my colleagues: How short are our memories? For over 10 months our relationship with China has been in crisis. Here is a country--Taiwan--that says it is in opposition to independence, that says as late as March 5 in a written directive by the Taiwanese premier, that ``We are in opposition to independence.'' Why then would we ask a leader who is not representing an independent country to make an official visit? It does not make sense.  Li Teng-hui's visit to Cornell was the event that sparked the incendiary nature of the last few months. And remember, that visit was billed as a private one; an unofficial one. One can only assume by using the phrase ``with all appropriate courtesies" the authors of this provision mean to imply some kind of an official visit despite America's commitment--we made a commitment--to maintain only economic, cultural, and unofficial relations with Taiwan. That is our commitment. If our relationship with China has suffered that much over an unofficial visit, one can scarcely imagine the damage it would suffer in the wake of an official one.  I think we face a similar problem with the proposed name change of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office. It was only a year ago that the Taiwanese reached an agreement with the administration to change the office's name from the Coordinating Committee for North American Affairs to its current title. Now some are advocating a change to the Taipei Representative Office. I have asked the Taiwanese if they asked for this change. They said no, they did not. Then why are we doing it? Only to tweak China? Is this really necessary? Is this how we want to make foreign policy, a tweak here and a tweak there? ``We know your Achilles' heel, China, and now we are going to press on it a little bit.'' Oh, my goodness.  The current title of the office accurately reflects the unofficial nature of our relationship with Taiwan based primarily on economic and cultural relations. There is no need to create a new title that is not desired, that implies some kind of broader recognition, other than to tweak China.  The people of Taiwan are to be congratulated for the democratic elections they have recently held. They can be justifiably proud. But the crux of ourdifficulties with China is China's concern that we are in some way egging Taiwan on toward a declaration of independence.  That should not be the message we send.  These provisions give credible substance to China's fear. They suggest we are not satisfied with Taiwan's status and will undertake unilateral actions to nudge it in the direction of independence.  As I said, that is not our role. Our role as a friend of China and a friend of Taiwan is to encourage the peaceful resolution of the Taiwan issue by negotiation and mutual decision. The United States has no right to take actions that could lead to either a nonpeaceful outcome or a non-negotiated outcome. Unilateral actions by any party in this matter are not acceptable.  There are other provisions which will be irritants of our relationship with China at best and counterproductive to our own goals at worst. For example, I am aware that the backers of the provision authorizing a special envoy for Tibet have only the best of intentions--to see life improved for the Tibetan people. However, I can assure my colleagues that the appointment of a special envoy for Tibet with the rank of Ambassador would be seen by the Chinese, once again, as an attempt to advocate for independence of an area they consider within their territorial boundaries. Even if this person never set foot in Lhasa--and we know that with the rank of Ambassador the Chinese would never let him set foot in Lhasa--we know the Chinese will view such a special envoy as interfering in their internal affairs.  Now, I am as committed as any Member of this body to improving the lives of the Tibetan people. My husband and I both regard his Holiness, the Dalai Lama, as a personal friend. I first met him in Dharmsala in 1978 and have spent many hours with him and his representatives discussing ways to help Tibet and Tibetans. In January, in Hong Kong, I met with his older brother, Gyalo Thondup, who has been his representative in many negotiations with the Chinese, and had an extensive discussion.  In 1991, I carried a letter from his Holiness, the Dalai Lama, to President Jiang Zemin asking for negotiations between the two sides. As mayor of San Francisco in 1979, I was the first public official to invite the Dalai Lama to visit a city in the United States--San Francisco, an official visit to my city. And since then I have been trying to find ways to bring the two sides together and to encourage China to understand that it is to China's great advantage to see that the culture and religion of the Tibetan people are protected and that human rights for the Tibetan people are improved.  I recite this background merely to make the point that I am well acquainted with the issue of Tibet and have spent many years working on it. In my view, the appointment of a special envoy by the United States would be counterproductive. It would result in the Chinese being unwilling to talk with us or anyone else about ameliorating conditions for the Tibetan people.  What we need to do instead, through intense, continuing, low-key diplomacy, is to convince the Chinese that it is to their advantage to engage in talks with the Dalai Lama in which all issues other than Tibetan independence would be on the table. This I believe is an achievable goal but only if we avoid somehow injecting ourselves in the issue in such a way that the Chinese see us as advocates for Tibetan independence. You cannot have a special envoy with the rank of Ambassador and not create the impression that what we are trying to do is see Tibet as independent. Therefore, the Chinese will fight any improvements all the way. That is why I think this is not well thought out.  There has already been at least one missed opportunity to advance the cause of Tibet. After the last Panchen Lama died, the Chinese authorities invited the Dalai Lama to come to Beijing for a memorial service, but he declined the invitation. I believe that was a mistake because it would have given a new generation of Chinese leadership an opportunity to get to know the Dalai Lama as the fine person he truly is, as a caring, loving person, and a devout Buddhist.  By all means, we should continue to explore ways to achieve cultural and religious autonomy for Tibet and hopefully 1 day the return of the Dalai Lama and Tibetans in exile to their native soil. And in the words of an ancient Chinese proverb, When water flows, there will be a channel. I am hopeful that the water of negotiations will flow before too long.  In my discussions with Chinese leaders over the last year, they have repeatedly raised their concern that the United States is pursuing a policy of containment with respect to China, perhaps in the guise of something else. I do not believe we have such a policy, and I have said so. However, when I look at a bill like this one, full of provisions that deal almost patronizingly with an independent nation, China, I must say it seems that some, for whatever reason, do genuinely want to pursue a policy of containment. One certainly could not blame a Chinese observer for drawing that conclusion.  I think we have discussed at length in the past why a containment policy is unworkable and unwise. China is a nation of 1.2 billion people. It is a nuclear power. It is a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council and one of the fastest growing and most dynamic economies in the world. China is not going to be contained. What we need to do is set a long-term strategic and conceptual, goal-oriented relationship with certain priorities in our policies, areas where we can work together, and a methodology for areas where there is a difference of opinion to be able to sit down over the long term at the table and make progress on those issues that divide us. I believe this is possible. We have enormous national interests in developing a peaceful and cooperative relationship with China, and we cannot do so by setting them apart, by making them the adversary that they do not want to be and that we do not want them to become.  I hope my colleagues will reconsider the wisdom of legislating in this area so excessively in the future.  Mr. President, for all of the problems contained in this bill, I urge my colleagues to oppose the conference report. If the bill is passed, I wish to commend the President for pledging to veto this legislation, and I look forward to congratulating him when he does.  I thank the Chair. I reserve the remainder of my time  