 President, today I rise to introduce legislation that will ratify the settlement agreement negotiated by the U.S. Departments of the Interior and Justice, Imperial Irrigation Water District, Coachella Valley Water District, and the Torres-Martinez Desert Cahuilla Indian Tribe. This settlement agreement resolves a long standing dispute to replace reservation lands the Torres-Martinez Tribe lost due to flooding from the Salton Sea.  In 1876, the Torres-Martinez Indian Reservation was created by a 640-acre section of land in Coachella Valley, California at the northern end of the Salton Sink. The Reservation was expanded in 1891 adding approximately 12,000 acres to the original 640-acre reservation. Between 1905 and 1907, flood waters of the Colorado River filled the Salton Sink, creating the Salton Sea, inundating approximately 2,000 acres of the reservation lands. In 1909, an additional 9,000 acres of land were then submerged under the Salton Sea.  Today, the federal government holds 25,000 acres of the reservation in trust for the Tribe. Of this parcel, 11,800 acres is either currently under water or has been condemned as uninhabitable due to runoff and drainage water from the irrigation systems of the Imperial, Coachella, and Mexicali Valleys into the Salton Sea. Since 1982, the United States government, acting for the Tribe, has been negotiating with the Imperial and Coachella Valley Water Districts to compensate the Tribes for the loss of their reservation lands.  In the settlement agreement, the Torres-Martinez Indian Tribe will receive $14 million: $10 million from the U.S. government and $4 million from the water districts. From these funds, the Tribe can acquire and take into trust 11,800 acres of land. Of these parcels, 11,160 must be contiguous to existing reservation land. The Tribe can acquire the remaining 640 acres within the Coachella Valley only if the localgoverning body or Riverside County does not object. The Tribe's right to conduct gaming on lands taken into trust is limited and restricted to one gaming operation on one site.  In return, the irrigation districts would be granted a permanent flowage easement over tribal and Federal lands within the minus 220 foot contour of the Salton Sink.  The settlement of this land dispute has been a major concern for many years. It has taken more than ten years for all parties involved to reach a consensus on the settlement agreement. There have been competing interests and priorities for everyone involved, including completion of the construction of the Route 86 Expressway project.  All parties involved in negotiating this settlement agreement have worked hard to reach a consensus to implement this agreement. The Tribe has agreed to give local communities the right to veto its purchase of land and Riverside County has passed a resolution in support of this settlement agreement. Moreover, construction of Route 86 will progress.  I commend the Departments of the Interior and Justice, the Coachella and Imperial Water Districts, and the Torres-Martinez Tribe for remaining committed to resolving this issue.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution passed by Riverside County in support of the agreement and correspondence I have received from the Water Districts and the Torres-Martinez Tribe indicating the accuracy of this legislation in completely implementing the settlement agreement, be printed in the Record following my remarks.  