 President, I rise in support of the conference report for the Telecommunications Act of 1995. This legislation establishes real progress on important issues and I am pleased to provide my support.  This legislation creates a new regulatory structure for the rapidly evolving communications technology and fills an important need. The current regulatory scheme divides industries, like local telephone service and long-distance service, broadcast television, and cable television.  A new regulatory framework is needed, to permit the creation of new companies, new services, and promote competition between the previously separated lines of business. Stronger competition in the communications industry will bring new services to the market, present more choices for the public and lower prices to consumers. This bill significantly deregulates the communications industry to permit that competition to take place.  During consideration of the bill, I joined many of my colleagues in urging several components and I was pleased to see that a number of these important proposals were able to be incorporated in this legislation. Among the issues included were:  The V-Chip requirement, which will assist families to monitor television in their homes to protect children from unsuitable and inappropriate TV programming, including sex or violence. During the state of the union speech, President Clinton called for passage of the telecommunications legislation with the V-chip and a content ratings system for television programming. I am pleased Congress could address the concerns of families across America and incorporate these provisions.  The cable scrambling amendment I offered with Senator Lott requiring cable companies to scramble indecent or sexually explicit materials to assist parents to protect minors.  Senator Exon's provisions to control access to indecent materials will require the operators of computer networks, like America Online, to screen out indecent materials for children. Conferees had a difficult time reconciling different proposals and I am pleased the provisions could be accommodated.  Assisting high-technology industry from inappropriate standards and requirements: During consideration of the bill, some of California's leading high-technology firms and computer companies raised a concern that regulations prepared by the FCC would deny flexibility and limit the computer industries' ability to develop standards based on market needs. Computer companies including Apple, Motorola, and Echelon, urge adoption of a provision prohibiting the FCC from developing overbroad regulations that could impede progress in the computer industry. I was pleased these provisions to allow the computer industry to develop and meet the needs of the market were incorporated.  I know my colleagues on both sides of the aisle don't want to stand in the way of technological innovation or consumer choice. When the Senate initially considered the legislation last May, Chairman Pressler observed that the computer industry has transformed America and that computer industry competition has brought huge benefits to our homes, schools and workplaces. These provisions preserve that competition, and keeps the government away from premature standards setting.  Adoption of a stronger role for the Justice Department to review competition in the telecommunications industry: In the years since the break-up of AT&T, the Justice Department has developed the expertise to promote competition in the communications industry and protect consumers. It would be a shame to squander that expertise just as new concerns for competition and fairness arise under this bill. With the passage of this legislation, we will enter a new era of telecommunications policy and the experience of the Justice Department will be critical in protecting strong competition and consumer interests.  Important steps to promote universal service: In the 1930's, the nation's universal service goals involved providing telephone service to everyone, but as communications have evolved, the concept of universal service also must develop and evolve as well. The bill recognizes the need to modernize the concept of universal service and will provide for telephone service discounts for schools, libraries and hospitals to protect against our station splitting into the high-technology haves and have-nots.  When this legislation came before the Senate last spring, I joined with our colleague Senator Kempthorne raising concerns about the impact on our Nation's cities and counties. As a former mayor, I know how important it is to protect the cities' bridges, roads and other public rights-of-way. I know the local government officials remain concerned about the bill and the preemption provisions.  While legislative adjustments addressed some of the concerns of State and local governments, cities, counties and States remain concerned about the future and the possibility they could be brought to Washington before the Federal Communications Commission to defend local laws, regulations or fee.  The revised language clarifies that cities can impose fees on communications providers like cable companies, as long as the fees are imposed in a way that does not discriminate between different competitors and the fees are fair and reasonable. Further, the preemption authority only applies to communications issues and if the cities have other authority to regulate communications provider, they may continue to charge fees.  I am pleased that section 253(c) recognizes the historic authority of State and local governments to regulate and require compensation for the use of public rights-of-way. It further recognizes that State and local governments may apply different management and compensation requirements to different telecommunications providers' to the extent that they make different use of the public rights-of-way. Section 253 (c) also makes clear that section 253 (a) is inapplicable to right-of-way management and compensation requirements so long as those entities that make similar demands on the public rights-of-way are treated in a competitively neutral and nondiscriminatory manner.  As for the issue of FCC preemption, while I favored the complete elimination of the preemption provision, I am pleased that the committee could accept the view that authorizes the Commission to preempt the enforcement only of State or local requirements that violate subsection (a) or (b), but not (c). The courts, not the Commission, will address disputes under section 253(c).  The overwhelming vote in the House on the amendment offered by Representative Barton and Representative Stupak, as well as the unanimous acceptance of Senator Gorton's amendment in the Senate, indicate that the Congress wishes to protect the legitimate authority of local governments to manage and receive compensation for use of the rights-of-way.  I am concerned that mayors, county commissioners, and State utility commissioners, including California Public Utility Commissioner, are concerned that State telephone regulations will be preeempted. This is an important issue in California where 31 companies have applied to begin offering services in July. Under the bill, California's efforts to license more competitors to offer local phone service could be preempted and slowed down if the Federal Government acts or declines to act. Under the bill, the State will be preempted and prohibited from acting contrary to the Federal decision.  I am troubled by the significant uncertainty which remains regarding the role of cities, counties, and States who may face added burdens. Earlier, the unfunded mandates legislation was signed into law, yet the Congressional Budget Office acknowledges that the legislation includes unfunded mandates for State and local governments. Further, CBO recognizes it lacks the ability to evaluate the potential cost. I will continue to monitor this issue and, if necessary, Congress may need to return to evaluate the balance between our State and local governments and the Federal Government on telecommunications policy.  Mr. President, the legislation raises important issues and represents important progress for the Nation. As a result of the bill, we can move forward with new technology, new products, and new services. The bill will open up exciting new challenges and opportunities and we should embrace them. I look forward to these exciting new challenges. While I remain concerned about mandates and the role of cities, States, and counties in our telecommunication policy, I am pleased by the exciting opportunities presented by the legislation. I am pleased to lend my support.  