 President, I rise to oppose the Abraham-Feingold amendment. Let me not mince words. This amendment, in my view, is a bill killer, it is a bill gutter, it decimates the foundation of employer sanctions. It will provide, if it passes, a bill that is gutless, toothless, aged, and will not work.  We must make employer sanctions work. And let me tell you why. The reason why is, take my State, California. We have 2 million people in California illegally. How do these people survive? They survive one of two ways--they either get on benefits through fraudulent documents or they work. How do they work? With employer sanctions, an employer is not supposed to give them jobs.  My opponents would have you believe that every employer wants to break the law, that every employer is going to hire people simply because they know them. I can tell you from the State that has the largest number of illegal immigrants in the Nation--40 percent of them--that is not the case.  Employer sanctions can only be effective if there is some method of verification. The Simpson-Kennedy language is a pilot to ask the INS to see how we can verify information that employers receive. Let me show you graphically why it is important that we do so. The birth certificate, which Senator Simpson has pointed out correctly, is the most counterfeited document in the United States. Let me show you why. Let me show you a few forms for birth certificates.  This is one from the State of Illinois. It is a fraudulent document that has not been printed upon.  This is a second one from the State of Illinois. There are literally tens of thousands of different kinds of birth certificates in the United States. This is a form from somewhere in Texas.  So the birth certificate is easy. These papers are duplicated in the right color, that of Austin, TX, then they are put out wholesale. They are then laminated, as you see here. And no one can tell the difference.  Same thing goes here. This is a forged copy of a record of marriage, a marriage certificate.  This is another from Cook County, IL, a forged copy of a marriage certificate.  This is another one, a forged copy of a marriage certificate.  This is a forged GED application. I mean, if I am interviewing someone and this application is filled out, and they say this is testimony to the fact that they have gotten an equivalency degree in this country--and, look, there is the official seal and here are my grades on it--who am I to say it is not true? I would have no way of knowing.  Here is a forged divorce certificate. If this were handed to me as an employer I would have no way of knowing.  Here is a trade school diploma that is forged. If this were handed to me, I would have no way of knowing.  Here is an achievement test certificate for high school from the State of Indiana. If this were handed to me as an employer, when I asked the question, ``are you qualified to work in this country?'' how would I know? I would not.  Here is another forged divorce certificate. If this were handed to me, I would not know. Why would I not? Because the industry is very sophisticated.  Here are some of the preliminary forgeries, the basic paper from which these forgeries are done. How easily it is replicated.  Here is the back of a green card before it is finished. How easy it is replicated.  Let me show you what the final result is. This is a forged green card. The names are blotted out. This is a real green card. Who can tell the difference? No one. These are the backs. Who can tell the difference? No one.  This is a forged green card. Who can tell the difference?  This is forged--and look at them, look at the numbers. These are all perfect forgeries, every single one of these. These exist by the millions. They are made in less than 20 minutes. And they cost anywhere from $25 to $150. Anyone can get them. How is an employer supposed to know? You cannot know without some way of verifying the authenticity of the document which is submitted to you.  What the Simpson-Kennedy test pilot does is ask INS to see what can be done so that the documents can be verified by an employer. The bill narrows the list of documents down to six. So at least some of the confusion can be avoided there.  It is not fair to anybody to have a system that exists in a bogus form more frequently than it exists in a real form. How does a birth certificate mean anything to anybody for any official purpose if it is counterfeited by the tens of millions in this country? How does a green card mean anything? How does a divorce certificate mean anything if it is counterfeited and you cannot verify it?  These are the real problems with which this bill attempts to deal. If this amendment is successful, you might as well junk employer sanctions, you might as well say, ``We're going to permit people to continue to submit bogus documents.''  Remember, somebody here illegally has only two choices--one, they earn a living, secondly, they go on public support. Unless they have somebody very well to do in this country who can take care of them--and I would submit to you that that is a remote possibility--those are the only two chances. So the only way they can exist or stay--and right now it is very attractive to come to this country illegally because it is so easy to obtain these counterfeit documents.  That is the reality. That is why we have on the Southwest border 5,000 people crossing every single day, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, because they can go to Alvarado Street in Los Angeles, and they can purchase these documents on the street within 20 minutes. Our system of verification is nonexistent, and they know that. Therefore, if they submit a counterfeit document to an employer, the employer has little choice other than to accept it or ask for more documents. Then if the employer asks for more documents, the employer very often is sued.  So it is a very, very tenuous, real-life experience out there. This bill makes a very modest attempt--where in committee, it became a test pilot. The language, which I think it was a Kennedy amendment, was already a compromise. Many of us on the committee wanted an absolute verification system, put into affect right away. That did not pass in committee.  So the compromise was a pilot. Then the results of the pilot would be brought back to Congress. Now we see an attempt to get rid of the pilot. If you get rid of a pilot, what is left? What is left is that we make ourselves into hypocrites, in my opinion, because we create a system that cannot function.  What we are seeing today is an employer verification method that does not function. It does not function because you cannot verify fraudulent documents, and because fraudulent documents abound.  I must say that I think it is very possible to verify. We live in an information age. Hundreds of data bases now exist in both public and private sectors, data bases for national credit cards, for health insurance companies, credit rating bureaus. Technology is, in fact, advancing so rapidly that the ability to create these data bases and ensure their accuracy is enhanced dramatically every year.  Why, then, does the Senate of the United States not want the U.S. Government to use a computer data base to try to find a better way to help employers verify worker eligibility? I really believe that many of the issues raised by opponents to this provision--that it is bureaucratic, that it is prone to errors, that it is unworkable, that it is too intrusive--are simply unfounded.  In fact, the provision was specifically written, as I understand, to alleviate such concerns, by defining clear limits on the use of the system, establishing strict penalties for the misuse of information, and requiring congressional approval before any national system goes into effect. What are the authors of this amendment so afraid of? Any national pilot system would come back to this body for approval prior to its being put in place.  The legislation also imposes some limits. It limits the use of documents. Documents must be resistant to counterfeiting and tampering. The system will not require a national identification card for any reason other than the verification of eligibility for employment or receipt of public benefits. There is no one card. Those who use, I think, as a ruse to defeat this pilot project, I hear out there, ``Well, Senator Feinstein, you are calling for a national ID. That violates all our civil rights.'' To that I have to say, ``There is no national ID anywhere in the legislation before this body''. None. It is a red herring. It is a guise. It is a dupe. It is a ruse, simply to strike a mortal blow at the system.  I have a very hard time because California is so impacted by illegal immigration. For 3 years we have said we must enforce our border, we must improve customs, we must be able to really put a lid on the numbers because the numbers are so large. I have come to the conclusion that within the scope of possible immigration legislation, we are stuck with an existing system. That existing system is employer sanctions. Therefore, why not try to make them work? The already compromised verification system--just a pilot, which allows the INS to work it out, and bring it back to this body and let us say yea or nay to it--is simply a modest attempt to get some meaning into this legislation.  Let me say what I honest to God believe is the truth. If we cannot effect sound, just and moderate controls, the people of America will rise to stop all immigration. I am as sure of that as I am that I am standing here now, because where the grievances exist, they exist in large number. Where the fraud exists, it exists in large numbers. Where it exists, wholesale industries develop around it. It is extraordinarily important, in my opinion, that this amendment be defeated.  Let me talk for a moment about discrimination because I just met with a group of California legislators who wanted to know how this works. One of the big areas they raised was discrimination. As I understand the system, it must have safeguards to prevent discrimination in employment or public assistance. The way it would do that is through a selective use of the system or a refusal of employment opportunities or assistance because of a perceived likelihood that additional verification will be needed. The legislation contains civil and criminal remedies for unlawful disclosure of information. Disclosure of information for any reasons not authorized in the bill will be a misdemeanor with a fine of not more than $5,000. Unauthorized disclosure of information is grounds for civil action. The legislation also contains employer safeguards, that employers shall not be guilty of employing an unauthorized alien if the employer followed the procedures required by the system and the alien was verified by the system as eligible for employment.  In my view, the Simpson-Kennedy test pilot makes sense. I have a very hard time understanding why anyone would oppose it because it is the only way we can make employer sanctions work.  I yield the floor.  