 President, today marks Earth Day. It is a day tocelebrate our past achievements in protecting the environment. It is also a day, I hope, to rededicate ourselves to environmental protection.  I think, without question, over the last 26 years since the first Earth Day in 1970, we have made enormous environmental gains. We have taken steps to clean up our air and our water, cut toxic emissions from factories by 50 percent--that is in half--and we have taken steps to prevent pollution that threatens our children's health.  I remember when my own city, San Francisco, used to pollute the bay and the ocean through 40 different outlets all around the city. The water in the San Francisco Bay has been cleaned up. Dungeness crab has come back to the bay. And I know that this is appreciated by all our citizens: Lead levels in children's blood has been cut by 70 percent. We have worked to protect our remaining wild places and to wisely manage irreplaceable natural resources. But in spite of these accomplishments, much, much work remains to be done.  According to the Environmental Protection Agency, 50 million Americans every year drink tap water which fails to meet at least one Federal health standard. About 1 million people each year become ill from drinking unsafe tap water, the Centers for Disease Control reports.  Toxic air pollutants need to be regulated to protect public health. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, exposure to particulate matter may result in as many as 70,000 premature deaths each year. In my own State, in Los Angeles County, children actually grow up in Los Angeles with reduced lung capacity because of pollution.  There are 1,290 toxic sites on the Superfund national cleanup priority list, and they include 96 in my own State of California. One in four Americans lives within 4 miles of a Superfund site. These sites must be cleaned up. So we need to move forward. Instead, our past environmental achievements are being threatened often by this very Congress, by efforts to roll back existing environmental laws.  Of immediate concern is the omnibus appropriations bill which contains more than a dozen riders, riders which would roll back existing environmental protection. Many have proposed cuts in funds that assist States in providing clean, safe drinking water to Americans. They have proposed cuts that would affect the Environmental Protection Agency's ability to enforce the Clean Air Act and to issue new standards for toxic air pollutants. They have proposed cuts in the Superfund Program, which would jeopardize cleanup of over 400 of the worst toxic waste sites around the country.  One of them is Iron Mountain mine in Redding, CA. This is an old vacant chemical mine with a huge hole in it. The hole is as big as a 30-story office building, and when it rains the water and the air interact with the metals within the mountain, and it throws off sulfuric acid, which then drains into the river and metallizes the river banks. This is one of California's urgent priority Superfund sites that needs cleanup.  Also of particular interest to me and to the people of California is the rider on the Mojave National Preserve, the newest unit of our National Park Service System. The conferees on the omnibus appropriations bill have agreed to a revised rider for the National Mojave Preserve that, like the earlier versions, is intended to overturn provisions of the California Desert Protection Act and strip national park protection for the Mojave National Preserve. The new rider reinstates multiple-use management of the east Mojave, management which allowed open pit mining, cross-country motorcycle racers, and other destructive activities to occur in the area.  In 1994, Congress overwhelmingly approved the California Desert Protection Act, which I authored, and which established the Mojave National Preserve. That national preserve was already a compromise. I would have had it a national park, but Congress agreed that the Mojave qualified as a national park and should be managed by the National Park Service under park, not multiple-use, regulations. The Desert Protection Act transferred management of the Mojave from the Bureau of Land Management to the National Park Service so the area would receive the protection and the care that it deserves.  The National Park Service opened a new visitor center and improved law enforcement. It actually made arrests and shut down a methamphetamine lab, and it improved resource protection. Visitation to the area increased substantially and motels, restaurants, and other businesses in the nearby communities flourished as a result.  Now the Mojave rider on the omnibus appropriations bill seeks to reverse that decision. The omnibus appropriations bill appropriates funding for the National Park Service to manage the Mojave National Preserve, but it requires the agency to administer the area as a multiple-use area before passage of the California Desert Protection Act. In other words, it pretends that the Desert Protection Act, overwhelmingly passed by both Houses and signed by the President, does not really exist.  This multiple-use management permits a wide variety of development activities which degrades the area's outstanding natural and cultural resources. Specifically, the new rider requires the National Park Service to manage the Mojave under the historic management practices of the Bureau of Land Management rather than under the policies and regulations of the National Park Service.  This establishes a dangerous precedent.  While early language that attempted to transfer control of the Mojave to the Bureau of Land Management has been dropped, the new rider could be interpreted to require the National Park Service to approve resource-damaging activities that were previously allowed within the Mojave before its designation. That would include off-road vehicle races, open pit mining, garbage dumps, and uncontrolled use of firearms.  Many are particularly concerned that one of the reasons for this rider is to permit this kind of open pit mining in the New York mountains.  In my legislation, we very carefully maintain that existing mining uses, those with existing permits, would be able to continue, so that no jobs would be lost. But apparently there are those who even want to go in and open pit mine some of the more fragile areas of this preserve.  This new rider could be interpreted to allow unlimited use of motorized vehicles in wilderness areas. The new rider sets the stage for litigation over its interpretation, and the new rider limits funding for the Mojave to less than one-half what the Park Service estimated would be required in FY 1996.  The statement of managers accompanying the rider requires the Appropriations Committees to approve the preserve's general management plan. This gives authority to committee members to dictate provisions of a park management plan for the first time in the history of this kind of legislation. In sum, it leaves the east Mojave a national preserve in name only, and no one is fooled by that.  The Mojave has been discussed and debated in the House and Senate for 8 years now. The California Desert Protection Act, which passed in the last Congress and was signed by the President, as I have already stated, was a substantial compromise. Rather than carrying out the intent of the legislation, which was to have a national preserve under National Park Service management, we see in the omnibus appropriations bill further efforts to erode and destroy the Desert Protection Act. This, frankly, is unconscionable. It is absolutely contrary to the wishes of the people of the State of California.  A Field Institute poll, an objective poll, conducted in December of last year, shows continuing, overwhelming support; 85 percent of Californians support keeping east Mojave a national park--85 percent. In every region of the State, people overwhelmingly support keeping the Mojave as a national park.  As we celebrate Earth Day, Congress, I believe, should strip all environmental riders, including the Mojave rider, from the omnibus appropriations bill. That is what Congress can do right now to continue our commitment to environmental protection.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Brown). Who seeks recognition?  Does the Senator note the absence of a quorum?  