 President, I am pleased to support Senator Bradley's amendment to require health insurance plans to cover hospital maternity stays for 48 hours for routine deliveries and 96 hours for cesarean deliveries.  The issue here in whether the decision on how long a mother and her newborn stay in the hospital is based on the mother's health or the insurance company's bottom line.  I believe it is a medical decision that should be made by a doctor and a patient.  Before 1970 the median length of stay in this country for routine deliveries was 4 to 5 days. By 1992, the median stay dropped to 2.1 days.  In 1991--the latest year for which figures are available--nearly 40 percent of newborns in California were discharged in fewer than 24 hours.  And the problem seems to be even worse today.  Some insurers limit coverage of postpartum hospital care to 1 day or 12 hours.  One large California HMO has reduced coverage to 8 hours.  These are not generally doctors determining that it is in their patients' best interest to be discharged sooner. The reduction in hospital care is the result of insurance companies making that decision based on how much they want to pay--and the real cost is being borne by patients--mother and child--in greater health risks.  There are many medical reasons why a longer hospital stay may be necessary. Some medical conditions do not manifest in 10 or 24 hours after delivery, such as jaundice, heart murmurs, circulatory disfunctions and fevers.  Early discharges can also exacerbate medical problems:  Studies presented to the Senate Labor Committee have shown that early release of infants can result in the baby having jaundice, feeding problems, respiratory difficulties, metabolic disorders and infections.  In fact, a New Hampshire study of hospital readmission rates found that babies discharged at less than 2 days of age have a 70 percent increased risk of facing an emergency room visit.  Early discharge not only increases health risks, in many cases, it is so much more costly.  A Pasadena women and her 6-week premature infant were discharged after only 23 hours of delivery. The baby was readmitted to the hospital for jaundice and dehydration 2 days later, costing an extra $20,000--$1,000 that had to be paid by the family.  Let me give some examples of the human impact of this problem:  A Los Angeles woman was released 15 hours after giving birth because of limited insurance coverage. Two days later, her baby was hospitalized for malnutrition--the infant had difficulty with lactation and breast feeding.  A San Francisco woman had to leave the hospital 23 hours after delivery against her doctor's advice, even though her baby was 5 weeks premature. The baby was in the emergency room less than 2 days later, and was readmitted to the hospital for dehydration and jaundice.  Another California mother was discharged less than 14 hours after deliver. The next morning she was shaking, feverish, and nauseous. She was diagnosed as having a staph infection and was readmitted to the hospital for 4 days.  Sometimes these stories have tragic endings.  Leigh Fallon, of Petaluma, CA entered the hospital on July 25, 1994. After 2 days of labor with extraordinary complications, she had an emergency caesarean section.  The mother had a high fever and great physical distress. Her baby boy developed jaundice, was being treated with antibiotics, and was diagnosed with a heart murmer.  Still, under pressure from their insurance company, Leah and the baby were discharged 72 hours after birth. The baby was rushed to the hospital a few days later and did not survive emergency heart surgery.  Perhaps nothing could have saved Leah's baby. But clearly, the decision to discharge such a fragile patient was made in the interest of saving money instead of saving a life.  Medical decisions should be made by medical professionsals--not insurance companies. That is what they are trained to do.  Twenty-nine States have enacted legislation or regulations to curb what's called drive-through deliveries. In California, the legislature failed to come to agreement on legislation at the close of the current session. California voters, instead, will face two ballot measures which include regulations on the subject this November.  This is a national problem, and Congress must set a uniform standard in the interest of public health.  I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for the newborns and mothers bill.  