 President, having been in this body for 3 years, one thing has become a truism for me with respect to a balanced budget. If it is a Republican plan, the Democrats are going to oppose it. If it is a Democratic plan, the Republicans will oppose it.  We have traveled various roads to get there over the last year, but we havestumbled in our efforts to make some very difficult choices and there will be a heavy price to pay for these mistakes.  But the ultimate price will be paid by the American people--our children and grandchildren--if we do not put our economic house in order.  Therefore, it seems to me that, if we believe what the distinguished Senator from North Dakota just pointed out--and I do--that for the sake of our future and our children's future, we must act and act now. If we fail to take this opportunity to change the unsustainable present course, the next generation will face either an 82-percent tax rate or we will be cutting benefits by 33 percent across the board.  What is clear to me is that the only way to solve the problem is in a bipartisan way. Therefore, I, too, want to salute the Senator from Rhode Island and the Senator from Louisiana for their leadership because without it you would not have a document to which 11 Republicans and 11 Democrats now subscribe.  The U.S. Government has not balanced its budget since 1969. Since then, the Federal debt has risen to $5 trillion. Interest on the debt alone is over $260 billion a year.  By one measure, all the personal income tax paid by people living West of the Mississippi wouldn't even pay the interest on the debt.  Today, the two fastest growing parts of the budget are: First, entitlements, such as Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security and Federal retirement programs, and second, interest on the debt.  I think all one has to do is take a look at expenditures of the Federal Government. In 1969, entitlements were 27 percent of the budget. In 1995, entitlements were almost 52 percent of the budget. Therefore, in the future, entitlements by the year 2003 and net interest on the debt alone will total more than 70 percent of the outlays.  Discretionary spending--the budgets for the Department of Justice, NASA, Veterans' Affairs, the Environmental Protection Agency, to name just a few--has shrunk from 21.3 percent of the budget in 1969 to 18.2 percent in 1995, and we are continuing to cut. Our discretionary spending has been brought under control, but entitlement spending has not.  What these charts tell you, is that, if we don't reign in the cost of entitlement programs, we could not cut enough discretionary spending to balance the budget.  Even if we eliminated the entire Departments of Justice, Health and Human Services, Education, Agriculture, Veterans Affairs, Transportation, the Environmental Protection Agency, and NASA--we couldn't balance the budget without cutting entitlements.  So this is the problem we have been trying to solve. And it's not academic--the budget deficit is a problem that affects people.  Increases in the Federal deficit mean higher interest rates. It means buying, or refinancing a home costs more. It means borrowing money for business, school or a new car is more expensive.  It saps the private sector's ability to borrow funds in order to grow and create jobs and when businesses can't borrow money to modernize or expand productivity--the economy and employment suffer. Small businesses, who don't sell stock to raise money and may have to borrow to fuel growth, are the ones who suffer the most.  The Centrist Coalition proposal balances the budget from the middle, drawing from Republicans and Democrats alike.  The Centrist plan provides targeted tax cuts of $130 billion--not as much as the Republicans wanted, but more than the administration offered--aimed at helping families, such as a ``KidSave'' a child tax credit coupled with an IRA, other IRA reforms, and tax breaks for education.  It includes tax provisions to encourage economic growth, like capital gains reform for businesses and individuals, and the extension of the R&D tax credit.  It provides an estimated $154 billion in savings from Medicare--again, not the steep cuts in the Republican proposal, but farther than the Administration was willing to go.  It saves an estimated $62 billion in Medicaid, and $54 billion in welfare spending--providing more latitude for States to further our goals of reform, but retaining Medicaid as the health insurance safety net for elderly, the disabled, AIDS patients and low-income Americans.  The Centrist plan maintains Federal quality standards and enforcement mechanisms in nursing home care, such as required staff-to-patient ratios and commitments for patient privacy.  Balancing the budget is an exercise in setting priorities. This plan may not have everything I want. It includes some things I do not support. However, this plan achieves our goal of balancing the budget in 7 years, and represents a strong, bipartisan effort to do what s right--reigning in spending, protecting our most vulnerable citizens, and investing in our future. This is a fair and good plan. I am very pleased to support it.  I thank the Chair.  