 President, I rise in support of the concerns of the Senator from Nevada and to reiterate those concerns. Obviously, this is an issue which is of predominant interest to my State, a State of 32 million people. In effect, it creates a very unbalanced situation. We have tried to make some of those arguments in the Chamber.  Even more importantly than that, I think it will destroy, certainly for the rest of this session, what has been a measure of consensus on which this body essentially predicates its movement.  Let me tell you why I believe that. As Senator Reid pointed out, the notation in the Executive Calendar is that, for everybody who submitted an amendment on the basis that it is relevant to the bill before it--we take their word for it. We take their word for it, that they are not trying to play a trick, they are not trying to put something that is not relevant before this body.  In fact, there is a legitimate vehicle for this bill. Senator Burns' position prevailed in the Judiciary Committee. There is a bill which was passed out of the Judiciary Committee which is the proper vehicle on which to discuss this. So I think the claim that to get action we have to breach what is the word of a Member--a Member who has agreed that an amendment is going to be relevant--is a bad claim. To proceed with that amendment when it is found by the Chair on two occasions not to be relevant sets a dangerous precedent. To persist with that amendment is something that in toto destroys the opportunity for consensus in this body.  I would say there would be no reason for anyone on this side, after being treated in this manner, to agree to a unanimous-consent agreement for the remainder of this session. We would be very foolish to do so, because clearly the precedent is being set that the rights of the minority are being abrogated right here and now, that it does not really matter what the finding of the Chair is with respect to relevancy, we are going to be overturned.  I find this very difficult, particularly when there is a legitimate vehicle on which to discuss this issue. The Senator from Montana knows that. Every member of the Judiciary Committee knows that. The issue was discussed in committee. A bill was passed out of the committee. The chairman of the committee and the majority leader of the Senate can certainly schedule that bill on this floor. That is, then, an appropriate vehicle on which to debate this.  So I am very puzzled as to why this has to be done in a precipitous manner, at a time when most of the Members are not here, cannot hear the arguments, and the results of which are going to cast a precedent on the legal system of this Nation which is very large indeed, and shatter consensus making for this body--the kind of honesty, the kind of commitment that is necessary to achieve a unanimous-consent agreement.  There is no incentive, certainly, for me to ever agree to a unanimous-consent agreement for the rest of this session if something as important to the State of California as this is going to be dealt with in this manner. Both Senator Reid and I have met with Senator Burns. We have indicated our agreement to proceed with a study. We have indicated that we would shorten the time of the study from the 2 years proposed.  I have an amendment for a study which is somewhat broader than Senator Burns' amendment. We have agreed to cut the time in half. We have reached out in trying to solve this in the tradition of the Senate, which I always thought involved a certain conviviality. But now to find out that there is just simply going to be a partisan vote, with no chance to debate it when all the Members are here, I think is a big mistake.  We have tried earlier, Mr. President, to indicate the deficiencies of the amendment. We have argued about its cost. This is cost that does not have to be incurred. A building was rehabilitated in San Francisco with 35 percent more space provided and $100 million spent in earthquake recovery funds to accommodate expansion and new judges for the ninth circuit; $23 to $59 million will need to be spent for new courthouse expansion and construction the Burns bill would require. I indicated earlier that at least $3 million of that is entirely duplicative. It is a duplication. At a time when we are scrambling for every dollar, we are going to duplicate staff for a political proposal.  I pointed out that this is an unfair division. California, Hawaii, Guam, and the North Marianas would have 62 percent of the caseload, and Alaska, Arizona, Nevada, Washington, Oregon, Idaho, and Montana would have only 38 percent of the caseload. The way the allocation of the judges is structured in this, it is an unfair, unbalanced allocation of judges. California, Guam, and the Marianas would not get 62 percent of the judges to handle 62 percent of the caseload. They would get a greatly reduced amount.  It is clearly a political proposal. To ram it through on an irrelevant amendment sticks in the craw. So it is unfair at best. It is a disproportionate allocation of cases and of judges.  Third, there has never been a hearing on this proposal. This proposal would restructure--with no public hearing--the largest circuit in the Nation that hears about 8,000 cases a year. There was a hearing on a former proposal by Senator Gorton. We understood that proposal. Then suddenly a new proposal was made in the Judiciary Committee, and there was no public hearing.  Fourth, we have argued that there is a need for a study. The last comprehensive study was done in 1973, by the Hruska Commission. This was before the ninth circuit instituted many changes in its methodology for doing business and speeding up caseload. I believe, if you really dispassionately look at the facts, you will see that the ninth circuit is processing cases just as fast as the dominant majority of other circuits, certainly faster than the fifth circuit that was split in 1980 based on the Hruska Commission's recommendations.  So, we say take 2 years, have 12 members appointed in a dispassionate way by three different entities, and fund it with $500,000, to look at all the circuits, look at the workload across this Nation, and make some decision.  I would like, if I might, to read from the minority report that was filed by Senator Kennedy and myself in the Judiciary Committee on a couple of points. One of these points that I would like to make is the impact of havingone State predominate in the proposed new ninth circuit.       The majority acknowledged that California will undoubtedly      predominate in the new ninth circuit. But the majority also      insisted that this situation is not without precedent in the      court of appeals. The fact is that California would      predominate in the new Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals to a      degree that is without precedent or parallel. According to      the majority's own figures on the other circuits dominated by      one State, New York contributes 87 percent of the caseload of      the second circuit; Texas contributes only 69 percent of the      fifth circuit's caseload. In the proposed new ninth circuit,      however, 94 percent of the caseload would come from      California.  That is an inordinate amount. It has never been done before in the history of this Nation. I would like to read one other section: ``To divide circuits in order to accommodate regional interests''--which is clearly what we are doing here. Let us not pretend. Every press release indicates that this is the reason for the split--regional interests, economic interests, criminal justice interests, the fact that a group of people do not like some decisions. I think that is true for everybody, for every appellate court decision that is made, there are some people who do not like the decision.  Former Chief Justice Warren Burger, rejected such a premise for dividing circuits as completely unacceptable, in testimony about an earlier version of this legislation. Chief Justice Burger stated:       I find it is a very offensive statement to be made, that a      U.S. judge, having taken the oath of office, is going to be      biased because of the economic conditions of his own      jurisdiction.  Judge Charles Wiggins, Reagan appointee and former Republican Member of Congress, recently wrote a letter criticizing the political motivations behind the current proposal:       The majority report . . . contains the misleading statement      that the recommended division of the ninth circuit is not in      response to ideological differences between judges from      California and judges from elsewhere in the circuit. I      strongly disagree that such a motive does not, in fact,      underlie the proposal for the change. Such a regionalization      of the circuits in accordance with State interests is wrong.      There is one Federal law. It is enacted by the Congress,      signed by the President, and is to be respected in every      State in the Union. The law in Montana and Washington is the      same law as exists in Maine and Vermont. It is the mission of      the Supreme Court to maintain one consistent Federal law. I      do hope that you will challenge the supporters of the      revision to explain the reasons justifying their proposal.  So, we know that with no public hearing on this proposal, we have an unprecedented, unparalleled proposal to split a court, giving the big weight to one State in that court, over 90 percent, and to do a split in a way that the judges are not fairly allocated. California, Hawaii, Guam, and the Northern Marianas Islands, with 62 percent of the caseload, will have far below the number of judges required to handle that, and seven States with 38 percent of the caseload would have a better allocation of judges.  This is a very serious proposal and it is being done in a way that is of very deep concern to this Senator: In an amendment found twice to be unrelated to the legislation contemplated by this body at that time--in a way that most certainly is going to create a problem in terms of the people of this side ever agreeing to a unanimous consent-request again.  So, Mr. President and Members of the Senate, I hope there would be due consideration given to these arguments. I think this is a very serious situation indeed, and I am hopeful that cooler heads will prevail.  