 President, I rise in support of Senator Gregg's amendment to delete the sugar program from this bill.  Mr. President, California has not fared well under the current sugar program. Beet sugar production has declined markedly and the west coast's only cane sugar refinery, located in Crockett, CA, has suffered severe financial losses. As a result, California has lost several hundred sugar-related jobs in the past year alone.  In November, I learned that the cane sugar refinery in California was forced to cease operation for a week because it ran out of sugar. I have since learned that the closing of this California refinery was not an isolated case and that other refineries in Baltimore, MD, and Brooklyn, NY, have been closed several times during the past year for the same reason--no sugar.  Mr. President, the sugar program is complex. Under current law, the Secretary of Agriculture is required to provide price supports to growers through nonrecourse loans to processors, and to do so at no cost to the Federal Government. To accomplish this objective, the Secretary uses an elaborate supply management scheme that includes production and marketing allotments and strict import controls.  As currently administered, the sugar program has caused serious financial stress on a major segment of the U.S. sugar industry. The Secretary's initial decision to restrict import imports of raw cane sugar to the minimum allowed by law so distorted the price relationship between raw cane sugar and refined white sugar that all U.S. cane refiners experienced severe operating losses for the past 2 years. The increases in the quota announced by the Secretary of Agriculture last fall and last month are steps in the right direction, but the industry has not yet recovered.  As I understand it, the fundamental problem with the administration of the sugar program is the complete disregard of the relationship between raw cane sugar prices and refined beet and cane sugar prices.  Present Government policy inflates raw sugar prices to unreasonable levels by restricting raw sugar imports.  High price supports encourage excess beet production which, in turn, depresses refined sugar prices.  As a result, the normal economic relationship between raw and refined sugar prices no longer exists.  Raw costs have exceeded refined prices so that cane refiners can no longer recover their refining costs in the marketplace.  And cane refiners have been forced to sell their production at a substantial loss.  If continued as currently administered, the Government's sugar program will destroy the cane sugar refinery industry and seriously threaten the stability of the Nation's sugar supply.  Cane sugar refiners have a vital role to play in the U.S. sugar industry.  They provide over half of the refined sugar consumed in the United States under normal circumstances.  Only cane refiners have the capability to supply sugar when domestic sugar production is adversely impacted by weather or other disruptions.  Since the sugar program was put in place in 1981, 11 of the industry's 22 cane refiners have closed. The Government should not be in the business of deciding who is a winner and who is a loser in the sugar business.  Of immediate concern in my State is the damage the sugar program has inflicted on the California and Hawaiian Sugar Co. in Crockett, CA. This 90-year-old cane sugar refinery is the Nation's largest and the only such facility on the west coast. C&H Sugar refines all the sugar produced in Hawaii, as well as some imported raw cane sugar brought in under the quota. C&H Sugar refines and distributes about 15 percent of the cane sugar consumed in the United States.  As a direct result of the sugar program and its impact on imports, C&H Sugar lost about $13 million in 1994 and incurred operating losses of about $23 million in 1995.  In 1981, C&H Sugar had 1,313 employees. Today C&H Sugar has 582 employees. In other words, since 1981, over 700 jobs at C&H Sugar have been lost. Two hundred-six of these jobs were lost in January. More drastic measures are inevitable unless fundamental changes are made in the sugar program.  Mr. President, the job losses at this refinery are significant. These are good blue-collar jobs, predominantly union, with heavy minority employment. C&H Sugar's work force is 50 percent minority and 75 percent union members. C&H Sugar pays wages of $13.50 to $24 an hour, plus benefits, pension, and medical coverage for retirees. In most cases, these workers are not going to be able to duplicate these jobs.  More recently, in January, Imperial Holly Corp. announced its agreement to purchase of three of Spreckles Sugar Co.'s beet sugar processing plants in California and plans to close all three facilities and consolidate operations at existing Holly facilities in California. This will result in a further loss of hundreds of sugar related jobs in California.  Given the problems facing the sugar industry right now, I cannot support an extension of the current sugar program for 7 years as provided in this bill.  