 President, I support Senator Murray's amendment to repeal the provision of current law that prohibits a woman in the armed services from using her own funds to pay for an abortion in an overseas U.S. military facility. I support this amendment for several reasons.  First, the Supreme Court has clearly established a woman's right to choose. That right is not suspended simply because a woman serves in the U.S. military or is married to a U.S. servicemember.  Second, women based in the United States and using a U.S.-based military facility are not prohibited from using their own funds to pay for an abortion. Having a prohibition on the use of U.S. military facilities overseas creates a double standard, and an undue hardship on women servicemembers stationed overseas.  Third, private facilities may not be readily available in other countries. For example, abortion is illegal in the Philippines. A woman stationed in that country or the spouse of a servicemember would need to fly to the U.S. or to another country--at her own expense--to obtain an abortion. We don't pay our servicemembers enough to assume they can simply jet off to Switzerland for medical treatment.  Fourth, if women do not have access to military facilities or to private facilities in the country they are stationed, they could endanger their own health by the delay involved in getting to a facility or by being forced to seek an abortion by someone other than a licensed physician.  We know from personal experience in this country that when abortion is illegal, desperate women are often forced into unsafe and life-threatening situations in back alleys. If it were your wife, or your daughter, would you want her in the hands of an untrained abortionist on the back streets of Manila or Cordoba, Argentina? Or would you prefer that she have access to medical treatment by a trained physician in a U.S. military facility?  Not only would these women be risking their health and lives under normalconditions, but what if these women are facing complicated or life-threatening pregnancies and are unaware of the seriousness of their condition?  We are asking these women to risk their lives in the service of their country.  Current law does not force any military physician to perform an abortion against his or her will. All branches have a ``conscience clause'' that permits medical personnel to choose not to perform the procedure. What we are talking about today is providing equal access to military medical facilities, wherever they are located, for a legal procedure paid for with one's own money.  Abortion is legal for American women. U.S. servicemembers would pay with their own funds. To deny them access to medical treatment they can trust is wrong. It's that simple. I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment.  