 President, I supported the Senate-passed product liability bill, and I am very proud of that. I think the findings in the conference report very clearly state why there needs to be a product liability bill, not the least of which is some uniformity all the way across the broad consumer market, known as the United States of America. While I supported the Senate-passed bill, the conference report, I believe, raises some new questions, points of controversy that, since I am not a lawyer, I cannot resolve. I ask one party and they say one thing; I ask another party and they say another. This may mean clarification is needed. It may mean that substantive changes need to be made. But surely, it means, I believe, that we should send this bill back to conference.  I want, very briefly, in the time afforded me, to make five points. The first is the section, or the move of the section, on negligent entrustment. Negligent entrustment, as it was presented in the Senate bill, applied to the entire bill, and now, in this bill, it has been placed in a section on ``Liability Rules Applicable to Product Sellers, Renters, and Lessors.'' This move, I am told, also then places a cap on punitive damages in negligent entrustment actions, and subjects them to the limitations on joint and several liability.  This is a problem to me because, in the event of automobiles and drunk drivers, guns sold or given to people who misuse them, this could have an impact on the kinds and types of suits and the amount of judgments derived therefrom. Therefore, my belief is that this entire issue of negligent entrustment needs to be clarified so that we are certain that the exception applies throughout the entire bill.  Second the statute of repose. California has no statute of repose. The proposed statute of repose in the Senate bill was 20 years, and now it is down to 15 years in the conference report. The bill provides, however, that any State with a statute of repose that is under 15 years prevails. California, with no statute of repose, cannot have a higher standard and maintain no statute of repose. But a State with a lesser standard of, let us say, a 10-year statute of repose, can prevail. To me, this is unsatisfactory. For my vote, I would have a very difficult time having a statute of repose in a bill which is less than 20 years.  I believe it sends a wrong signal to U.S. manufacturers. I believe it sends a message to manufacturers all across this great land that they can, in fact, manufacture less durable and perhaps even less safe products, because their time for liability is cut dramatically, certainly from no statute of repose to a 15-year statute of repose. This is a dramatic change in the bill.  The third point is the definition of durable goods. Durable goods are subject to the statute of repose. In the definition on page 4 of the conference report, section 101, subsection 7, one comma has been deleted and one has been added. I must say that what could be just grammatical has caused a maelstrom of interpretation and misinterpretation. And I, frankly, do not know who to believe.  This may be a drafting error, or it may be an intentional change in meaning. But many people point out to me that this change of a comma could change the definition of durable goods.  The fourth point I would like to make has to do with the additur provision, and this relates to punitive damages. I believe it needs further clarification. As I understand the additur provision in this conference bill, it provides that if a State has a cap on punitive damages and does not authorize an additur, then a judge is unlikely to have the authority to award punitive damages above the State cap. I believe this needs to be cleared up by the conference committee.  My fifth point has to do with biomaterials. I come from a State with many responsible companies who are very concerned about the possibility of losing their supplies of raw materials. They need this legislation because they produce lifesaving devices, whether they be pacemakers, or heart starters. I was visited by a very young woman who had a condition in which her heart periodically would just stop, and she had an implanted device that would restart her heart. Her heart would sometimes stop when she was asleep. The people that made some of the materials that went into this device essentially would not provide it absent some release from liability.  But, as presently drafted, biomaterials suppliers--including suppliers of component parts--can be liable only if they fail to meet their contract specifications, or if they fail to properly register their materials with the FDA.  First, I think we need a better definition of what is a ``component part'' in the bill to ensure that this does not sweep too broadly, and to ensure that this language would not allow certain manufacturers of devices to escape liability. I believe it is also very important that raw materials suppliers who know that their products pose a potential hazard and fail to disclose such harm should be held liable for knowing behavior.  I thank the Chair.  