 and contracted out by ATF. This was done about 15 years ago. And I would like to read from a letter of Dr. Carl Boyars who is the manager of the Explosives and Materials Control Directorate of the Aerospace Corp. He was in charge of this study. And he says in a letter to me, dated July 31, 1996:       The only firearms for which black powder is now used as a      propellant explosive are antiques and antique replicas, both      commonly referred to as ``muzzle loaders''. Black powder is      sold in cans for use by hobbyists who reenact battles of      prior centuries and carry out similar activities. It is also      used, illegally, by some makers of pipe bombs because of its      ready availability and ease of ignition. Addition of      identification taggants in the final step of black powder      manufacture was easily performed, involved no hazard, and      performance of the tagged product in muzzle loading firearms      was no different from the performance of untagged black      powder in tests carried out by a muzzle loading firearms      expert selected by the black powder manufacturer.  So the black powder manufacturer selected a specific expert, and that expert carried out these tests and found no difference between muzzles loaded with tagged black powder and muzzles loaded with untagged black powder.  He continues:       Smokeless powder is also sold in cans for use by reloaders.      These are individuals who     prefer to load cartridge ammunition by hand rather than use      factory manufactured ammunition in their own firearms.      Advantages cited by reloaders are cost (e.g., in shotgun      ammunition) or greater accuracy because of more precise      control of the load in each cartridge. The smokeless powder      intended for reloaders is also used, illegally, by some      makers of pipe bombs because of its ready availability, ease      of ignition, and much higher energy content than black      powder.       Unlike black powder, smokeless powder can come in a wide      range of chemical compositions and physical shapes and sizes,      depending on the manufacturer. The individual particles of      smokeless powder may be cylindrical, flat, or spherical,      although all particles within any can of smokeless powder for      reloaders will have the same chemical composition and shape.      This makes the development of an identification taggant for      smokeless powders a more complex problem.       A test program was set up to examine the feasibility of      identification tagging of spherical smokeless powder. However      the manufacturer of the spherical powder biased the test      conditions so greatly that failure was guaranteed.  This is from the definitive person who did the study by the Aerospace Corp., as contracted by ATF back in 1980.  The Swiss also took this study, and the Government of Switzerland began requiring their use--taggants--in all commercial explosives. The success has been outstanding. In over 10 years, they have solved 565 crimes based on taggants.  The report compiled by the Swiss Scientific Research Council stated the following:       After more than a 10 year experience in the field of      marking explosives, safety fuses and detonating cords, we      feel that our methods and procedures have proven highly      practical and efficient. In summary, it is safe to say that      Switzerland with its marking methods is on the right lines.      Fears that adding marker substances might negatively      influence the safety of explosives for civil use has proven      unsubstantiated.  Here is my point. I have, I think, adequately debunked this incident where opponents say powder with taggants exploded. No taggants were in the powder that exploded in 1979 in that Arkansas plant.  Two, the head person of the Aerospace study found that taggants were safe for use with one exception that needs further study.  Three, Switzerland has used taggants for 10 years, made 565 arrests successfully.  Four, we are now No. 20 in terrorist incidents in the world. And 90 percent of pipe bombs use this kind of black and smokeless powder. Therefore, should not this body exercise its responsibility and do a study of black and smokeless powder? The Senator from Massachusetts and I both say, yes, let us do that study, let us spend the money. We can save lives, and we will arrest perpetrators. I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  