  Mr. President, before I was interrupted, the point I was trying to make is that no matter how well intended an employer is, it is extraordinarily difficult to tell the difference between real documents and counterfeit documents, and that is what enables illegal immigrants to obtain welfare. They are ineligible for cash welfare programs under Federal law now. However, if they have false documents, they can obtain the very things that they are prohibited from obtaining--whether it is Social Security, whether it is SSI, or whether it is AFDC.  An entire industry of counterfeit documents has grown up in California. The most frequently counterfeited document is a birth certificate. You can pay anything from $25 for a Social Security card to $1,000 or more for a passport, as well as personal identification documents.  These documents are so authentic-looking that employers cannot tell the difference. In fact, it is estimated that tens of thousands of illegal immigrants today receive welfare benefits in California by using counterfeit documents. This bill makes a major effort to reduce this problem. It reduces the number of acceptable employment verification documents from the current 29 to 6 so that employers are better able to determine which documents are valid. Employers will only have to review 6, not 29.  Also, the bill doubles the maximum penalties against employers who knowingly hire illegal aliens, increasing them from $2,000 to $4,000 for a first offense with graduated penalties for subsequent offenses. Therefore, the bill adds substantial teeth to the employer-sanction laws. It establishes a pilot program to test the verification system under so that employers can readily and accurately determine an applicant's eligibility to work.  The system could also be used to determine an applicant's eligibility for public benefits, therefore, avoiding welfare fraud. It also attacks the serious problem of document fraud by setting Federal standards for making key identification documents, birth certificates, and drivers' licenses tamperproof and counterfeit resistant. The result is that the most counterfeited document, a birth certificate, would be counterfeitproof, as would drivers' licenses.  The bill before us would increase the criminal penalties for document fraud, including raising the maximum fine for fraudulent use of the Government's seal to $500,000, and increasing the fine for lying on immigration documents to $250,000 and 5 years in prison. The bill also denies the earned-income tax credit to persons here illegally.  You might say, is this a strong, tough bill? I would have to say, yes. It is a strong, tough bill. Former Congresswoman Barbara Jordan and the immigration commission which she chaired said this eloquently. ``We are a Nation of laws.'' We are also a Nation that has the most liberal immigration quotas in the world today. No country absorbs more foreign-born people than does the United States of America in the course of a year.  So there is more opportunity for an individual to come to the United States than virtually any other place on Earth. Therefore, because we are a Nation of laws and because we have a liberal immigration system, it is not unjust, unfair, or unwise to require that we follow our laws and make sure that we enforce the prohibition against illegal entry into our country.  The largest source of illegal immigration, next to visa overstays, comes from people who slip across our borders. That is what this bill addresses. The bill also addresses visa overstays. As many as 700,000 people a year overstay their visas. This bill would require that immigrants who overstay their visas either be deported or be denied future visas. So there is some visa enforcement in this legislation.  The need for the legislation has been and will be explained at length over the course of this debate. From the point of view of my State, the problem of illegal immigration is severe. Forty-five percent of the Nation's illegal immigrants now reside in California. That is between 1.6 million and 2.3 million, as I mentioned earlier. Fifteen percent of illegal aliens are in our State prisons. Forty-five percent, or 150,000, of all pending asylum applications come from people in California, and 35 percent, or 40,000, of the 113,000 refugees entering the U.S. claimed residency in California in 1993.  Our county governments are being forced to absorb more and more of the costs of medical care, social services, and incarceration for illegal immigrants, and those costs are going up--not down. In the 1996-1997 fiscal year, California will spend $454 million in incarceration costs for criminal aliens.  So it is fair to say that the State most affected by this bill is the State of California. This U.S. Senator strongly supports this legislation. The need is very clear.  Mr. President, at a later time, I would like to complete this statement, and also at the appropriate time to present a series of amendments that deal with certain unresolved issues.  I have some major concerns about the triple fence in the bill, about the fact that cases brought under the bill be tried in Federal court rather than in State court, and that the deportation documents be written in Spanish as well as in English. I hope I can offer these amendments at a later time.  I thank the Chair.  I yield the floor.  