 President, I very much thank the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee for this opportunity. I did have an opportunity to speak yesterday, but there is something I omitted to say that I very much felt was part of this discussion.  What happened in Oklahoma City was brought home to us in California last Friday. Early that morning, about 9 o'clock, there was a phone call that came into the Vacaville headquarters of the Labor Department's Mine Safety Administration, and the caller said, using some expletives, ``You guys are all dead. Timothy McVeigh lives on.''  Later that afternoon, a mine safety inspector by the name of Gene Ainslie, who worked with the Department of Labor, was returning from inspecting a mine in Sierra County and he dropped off his official car. He got into his pickup truck, met his wife, started out on Interstate 80 to return to Sacramento, and the pickup truck exploded. A bomb had been placed on that truck.  Gene and Rita Ainslie are hospitalized today in serious condition--actually, today is their 32d wedding anniversary--Gene, with shrapnel in his legs and severe burns, and his wife with a broken ankle and a dislocated hip, but they survived. I and every Member of this body send them our fondest greetings and let them know that our hearts and thoughts are with them both.  This was not a random act of violence. It was not a deranged individual on a shooting spree. It was a deliberate and, once again, targeted attack on a representative of the U.S. Government, an attack that was aimed at murdering a Federal employee. This is not an isolated incident, and we have all seen them happening. There will be a study that will released very shortly, an annual study of terrorism. And what it will show is that, for the first time, the United States of America is listed among the top 20 nations experiencing the highest level of terrorism and political violence in the world.  I was shocked when I heard this. According to the study, there were 44 incidents reported to the authorities in the United States, an increase of 200 percent since 1988. With this number of incidents, according to this study, we ranked ahead of Lebanon.  I only say this because of the particular pertinence of the legislation before us today. We relate the legislation to the Oklahoma City bombing a yearago, but in fact even last Friday an incident took place in the State of California.  I think we also need to look at what is happening in our society that is fostering so much hatred and disregard for human life, and what can be done to restore the values of justice and respect for the rule of law that really made this the greatest democracy on Earth.  I do not believe this is about restoring faith in our Government. I do not believe right thinking people resort to this kind of violence because they think they pay too much in taxes or because they are angry at Government red tape. I think there really is no justification and no rationale for this kind of behavior.  But what does concern me is that the report I get from California is that there are very disspirited Federal employees, that morale is low, and that some, for example those affected by the bomb last Friday, really do not know that anybody cares about them. And what I want them to know, and I know I am joined by every Member of this Senate, is that, in fact, we do care about them. We do know that Federal employees--every member of the Army and the Navy who went to the Gulf war was a Federal employee, every park official is a Federal employee--these people take the job not for the money, certainly, but because this is the way they want to serve their Nation.  They are entitled to respect, and it is our job to see that they have that respect. So, as we pass this bill, which I hope we will do shortly, as a kind of living memorial to what happened in Oklahoma City, I think we have to do it with a view that these events are taking place in this Nation daily, just as it happened last Friday near Sacramento and Vacaville in the State of California.  I say to Gene Ainslie, 56 years old, celebrating his 32d anniversary today with his wife Rita, and all those who labor as part of the Federal Government, that we Americans do respect them, that we do honor them, and we will do everything in our power to see that this kind of behavior is not inflamed, but rather it is put to an end.  