 President, I rise to oppose the amendment and also to raise a point of order. Prior to making the point of order, however, I point out that as a member of the Judiciary Committee, I do not believe this measure passed by an overwhelming majority. It really passed only on the basis of partisan lines with one exception on our side of the aisle.  Essentially, this was the subject of much discussion before the Judiciary Committee, Mr. President. As you, yourself, know, there was no hearing on the bill to split the ninth circuit that is encompassed in this second-degree amendment. No public hearing on this proposal was held before the Judiciary Committee.  Essentially, what this proposal does is take the States of Alaska, Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, and Arizona, split them from the ninth circuit, and set up their own circuit. This would leave the States of California and Hawaii, along with the territories of Guam and the northern Marianas, in their own circuit. Never before in history has there been a circuit comprised of fewer than three States.  If Congress votes to divide the ninth circuit despite the overwhelming opposition of its bench and bar, Congress will be making, I believe, an irreversible decision that will have far-reaching and long-term implications for all circuits. Congress will be endorsing the view that a political division with no real data to support it is an acceptable way to determine circuit composition. I say it is not an acceptable way to determine what a circuit court of the United States should be.  The fifth circuit has been held to be some kind of a model. This was split in 1980, following the 1973 findings of the Hruska Commission. It is my understanding that the fifth circuit has one of the poorest records with respect to delays today.  The problems of caseload growth are nationwide problems that cannot be resolved by zeroing in on one circuit and wantonly, haphazardly, chopping it up.  I believe that there ought to be a study of the structural aspects of all of the circuits. There ought to be a study of the structural alternatives available to the circuit courts of appeal. Qualified members of a commission should make recommendations to the Congress on circuit structure and alignment, whether and how any realignment should occur.  If you recall, the Hruska Commission, a long time ago, recommended a split of the State of California. I think, in view of the new techniques that have been put into play by the ninth circuit in the past 23 years, this recommendation is perhaps out of date. The ninth circuit has made requests for new judges. These requests have not been honored in terms of presenting the circuit with an adequate number of judges to do the job.  The State bars oppose a ninth circuit split. That is also what makes this a very dangerous proposal. The eleventh circuit split from the fifth only after all of the judges and bar associations essentially agreed with the proposal to create a new circuit.  This is the opposite case. The bar associations of Arizona, of Nevada, of Montana, of California, and of Hawaii have all expressed their opposition to splitting the circuit, as did Idaho, the last time this split came up. I ask unanimous consent that those resolutions be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  