 President, I rise today to recognize the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences as it celebrates its 50th anniversary.  The television industry reflects so much of what we are as Americans. The Academy of Television Arts and Sciences--with its annual Emmy Award--recognizes the positive impact television makes on so much of our everyday life.  I'm an avid channel surfer at home, so I watch a fair amount of television. I know how positive a messenger television can be--whether explaining the spread of a deadly disease, bringing us up-to-the-minute reports of world events, or simply making us laugh during a half-hour situation comedy when our day has ended and we're ready to take a break.  The people and programs honored with the Emmy Award are a permanent part of our country's history.  Just listen to some of the who's who's list of recipients of the acting awards in the comedy field alone: Lucille Ball--four time recipient--Red Skelton, Danny Thomas, Eve Arden, Jack Benny, Shirley Booth, Carol Burnett, Dick Van Dyke, Mary Tyler Moore, Julie Andrews, and today's recent recipients Candace Bergen--five time recipient--Kelsey Grammer, and Helen Hunt. The programs honored--``Dick Van Dyke'', ``The Odd Couple'', ``All in the Family'', ``Get Smart'', ``Taxi'', and ``Barney Miller''--show just why the programming of ``Nick at Nite'' is so popular with people trying to recapture the classic days of comedy.  The drama programs honored over the years also give us a snapshot of American life at the time the programs aired: ``Studio One'', ``Gunsmoke'', ``The Fugitive'', ``Mission Impossible'', ``Marcus Welby, M.D.'', ``Masterpiece Theatre'', ``The Waltons'', and the modern-day ``Hill Street Blues'' and ``E.R.'' Who can forget the Waltons' powerful message of family persevering through the Depression or who can forget how ``Hill Street Blues'' showed us the life of a police officer like we had never seen it before.  For all that is good, educational and powerful on television, I am pleased to pay a small part in honoring the academy and the entire television industry for its work.  As the Senior Senator for California, I also know how vital the entertainment industry is to my home State, where more than 150,000 people are employed in more than 1,000 entertainment-related companies.  The academy, itself, was founded in 1946 by Syd Cassyd, and elected a year later Edgar Bergan as president. Under his direction, the academy first produced the Emmy Awards in 1948. The organization went national when it merged with the New York Academy in 1947 with Ed Sullivan as its first president.  The academy continued to expand adding new chapters throughout the United States.  Today, with 9,000 members, the academy is the largest organization in the television industry. In addition to the Emmys for which it is best known, the academy also runs an intern program for college students interested in film and holds student film competitions. In 1984, the academy formed its first steering committee on drug and alcohol abuse and began its work with a 2-day seminar in Washington, DC with First Lady Nancy Reagan. A decade later, the academy sponsored another meeting--this one focusing on the information superhighway--with our Vice President, Al Gore.  Mr. President, it is an honor and a privilege to acknowledge the accomplishments of the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences as a leader in the entertainment industry. I commend the academy on its growth and creativity over the past 50 years and I look forward to the next 50.  I yield the floor.  