 President, I rise in support of the Craig-Bingaman amendment, urging the renewal of our semiconductor agreement. The agreement has reduced trade friction and promotes private sector cooperation. It is essential that a new government-to-government agreement is negotiated with Japan before the current agreement is allowed to expire on July 31.  The United States and Japan have a significant stake in trade harmony in this important economic sector. The current $100 billion world market for semiconductors is expected to grow to $300 billion by the year 2000. The semiconductor industry is the basis of our electronics industry and an increasingly pervasive part of our everyday life.  This agreement, first signed in 1986, creates a regular framework for business and government leaders to meet and review trade issues and business trends. This framework has helped build smooth, steady growth in the industry, defused potential disputes, and promoted trade harmony, rather than the hostility that has characterized other trade sectors.  As a replacement, the Japanese electronics industry proposes an industry-to-industry agreement with no government involvement. This industry agreement is unacceptable.  It would take no action to ensure continued progress to increase foreign market share in Japan. Without an agreement, in a market downturn, United States producers could be cut out of segments of the Japanese market.  A strong government oversight role is fundamental to enforcing the integrity of the semiconductor market under the agreement. The government-to-government semiconductor agreement must be renewed in order to provide for the gathering and publication of market share data and provide for the regular meetings of industry leaders to review market and industry issues.  Market access in Japan is critical for the continued growth and strength of the United States semiconductor industry. The $39 billion Japanese semiconductor market is expected to grow to $57.1 billion by 1999. Each percentage point increase in United States market access in Japan represents hundreds of millions of dollars in increased sales and United States jobs.  Representatives of the United States semiconductor industry recently met in Hawaii with their Japanese counterparts to try to reach agreement on future United States-Japan cooperation on semiconductor issues. During the meetings, the Japanese company executives submitted a confidential proposal to continue cooperation in semiconductors, but refused to discuss the role of the Government in ensuring the agreement.  At the same time, the Japanese Government insisted it could not discuss the agreement with the United States Government unless and until an industry level agreement is reached. This rigid insistence appears deliberately designed to deadlock discussions until the current agreement expires in July.  The United States industry--in close consultation with USTR--has decided that it cannot and will not continue to meet with Japanese company leaders under these circumstances, but will respond to proposals put forth by the Japanese companies.  Mr. President, the purpose of the 1991 agreement, like the 1986 agreement which preceded it, is to allow foreign manufacturers equitable access to the Japanese semiconductor market. The agreement seeks to open the Japanese market to the point where sales generally occur without respect to the nationality of the supplier.  The semiconductor agreement has been a tremendous success and must be continued. Under the agreement, the foreign share of the Japanese increased from 8.5 percent in 1985 to 25.4 percent in 1995. Of this 25-percent share, the U.S. firms have an 18-percent market share.  The United States semiconductor manufacturers, many of them based in my State of California, make the best product in the world and are extremely competitive in all open markets across the full range of applications and products.  However, United States manufacturers have been less successful in the Japanese market than in the neutral world markets outside of the United States and Japan.  In neutral markets, American manufacturers represent 40 percent of all semiconductor sales last year.  In Japan, United States semiconductor makers accounted for only 18 percent of 1995 sales, a gap consistent across the full range of semiconductor products and applications.  By contrast, there is only a small difference between the 23-percent share Japanese firms have in the United States market and the 27-percent share they have in neutral markets.  The disparity between United States sales outside and inside the Japanese market suggests semiconductor sales in that country are, unfortunately, still not always made solely on the basis of market forces such as technology, price, quality, service, and delivery. Current market conditions require the continuation of the United States-Japan agreement.  Mr. President, the United States-Japan semiconductor agreement reduces trade friction and promotes private sector cooperation, rather than Government enforcement. For both countries, the extension would represent an opportunity to continue the current, mutually beneficial relationship and should not to be allowed to slip by.  The Clinton administration deserves credit for endorsing renewal and raising this issue during bilateral meetings. However, the Japanese Government should understand very clearly that the desire to extend the agreement is shared by Congress as well. I am pleased to support the amendment.  