 President.  I thank the Senator from Wisconsin and the Senator from Arizona. I want to compliment both Senator McCain and Senator Feingold for this effort.  I intend to vote for cloture, and should cloture on this bill be successful, I will either propose a substitute of the whole or two second-degree amendments to this bill.  I would like to take the time allotted to me this morning, Mr. President, to explain my position on campaign finance reform.  I believe very strongly that the time has come to engage the debate. If nothing else, I believe I am kind of a walking, talking case for campaign spending reform. In the 1990 race for Governor, I had to raise about $23 million. In the first race for the Senate in 1992, $8 million; in the second race, $14 million.  One newspaper just estimated that in the big States a candidate really has to raise about $2,000 a day just to run for reelection to the Senate of the United States. It certainly should not have to be this way.  Essentially I agree with the basic tenets of the McCain-Feingold legislation. I agree that the time has come to try a system that would voluntarily cap campaign spending with a high of about $8.2 million in the big States like California, going down to $1.5 million in States with lesser population.  I believe that efforts should be made to limit the amount of personal funds that can be used in a campaign. I believe that an effort to promote honesty in advertising and reducing the influence of connected PAC's in the outcome of elections is important.  As always in an election year, we hear a lot of talk about Congress enacting meaningful campaign spending reform. But when it comes to actually doing something about it we tend to hide behind one procedural maneuver or another that allows us to vote the right way but gets us nowhere toward achieving a piece of legislation.  In the last Congress a campaign finance bill passed both the Senate and the House but got bogged down because the necessary 60 votes to invoke cloture on a motion to proceed with a conference were not present in the Senate. I understand that this will likely be the problem here today. I hope we do get the 60 votes for cloture, and I hope that in the ensuing debate a solid campaign finance reform bill can emerge.  Legislation I introduced last year and which, for the most part, forms the basis of McCain-Feingold, addresses what I believe are the areas most in need of reform: The limiting of spending; creating a level playing field between wealthy candidates who finance their own campaigns and candidates who rely on contributions; and finally ensuring honesty in campaign advertising.  One of the problems where I have a very real difference with the present bill is on the issue of a candidate using vast sums of his or her own money to finance a campaign. Either the substitute bill, or a second-degree amendment which I will offer if we gain cloture on this bill, mirrors parts of the campaign finance bill introduced by Senator Dole in the last Congress. It also attempts to limit the ability of a wealthy candidate to buy a seat in Congress. The provisions of the amendment I would propose are a little different than anything that has been introduced before now.  Under my substitute bill, after qualifying as a candidate for a primary, a candidate must declare if he or she intends to spend more than $250,000 of their own funds in the election. If the candidate says ``I am going to spend more than $250,000 of my own money in this election'' then the contribution limits on his or her opponent are raised from $1,000 to $2,000. If a candidate declares that he or she will spend more than $1 million on the race from their own pocket, then the contribution limit on his or her opponents would be raised to $5,000. This is different from McCain-Feingold where there is only the jump to $2,000. And the reason it is different is because in the larger States, if an individual is going to spend more than $1 million, as happened in my case where my opponent spent about $30 million of his own money, it is impossible to catch up with the smaller contributions. Therefore, raising the limit to $5,000 only in instances where in individual States they are going to spend more than $1 million of their own money would enable a more level playing field.  The amendment I will propose would also address the issue of PAC's. As you know, McCain-Feingold would prohibit all PAC contributions whether or not these PAC's are connected PAC's; that is, connected to a business or a labor union or a nonconnected PAC. By that, I mean organizations that are developed let us say to promote women for public office, or let us say to support a cause in candidates who support that cause for public office. The law permitting nonconnected PAC's would remain unchanged in my amendment. As a fallback, if the ban on connected PAC's is found to be unconstitutional, it provides that contributions from connected PAC's be limited to 20 percent of a campaign's receipts.  In my view, a blanket ban on all political action committees in a sense throws the baby out with the bath water. I think we need to be encouraging people to be involved in politics and not discouraging them. Virtually every legal scholar who has examined this question believes that a complete ban on all PAC's is unconstitutional.  The Congressional Research Service has advised the Senate, and I quote: ``A complete ban on contributions and expenditures by connected and nonconnected PAC's appears to be unconstitutional in violation of the first amendment.''  I support the ability of a group or organization to encourage small donations from their members to candidates of their choice. In some cases, these members send their contributions made out directly to the candidate's campaign to that organization to be gathered or bundled and presented collectively to the candidate. In other cases, the organization simply asks for donations to be made directly to the candidates they recommend. This is not the same as writing a check to an intermediary or to a political action committee and then having the political action committee decide how to disburse the funds.  The McCain-Feingold bill bans bundling in all political action committees. My amendment would not affect bundling, and I believe this is a crucial difference in these two bills.  For example, there are two organizations which have helped women run for political office. One is EMILY's List, and one is WISH List. One is a Democratic organization and one is a Republican organization. Both of these groups collect smaller donations primarily from women. They bundle those funds from many sources to a single candidate.  In the 1994 election cycle, EMILY's List members supported 55 women candidates. They raised a total of about $8.2 million. The average donation to EMILY's List was less than $100.  WISH List, a much smaller and newer organization than its Democratic counterpart, supported 40 Republican women candidates and raised approximately $400,000. None of these funds were given directly to either of these groups and neither group used the funds to lobby on legislation before Congress. Both EMILY'S List and WISH List researched the records of women candidates and advised their members which candidates they recommended supporting. Based on that information, the members decided who to support and how much they wished to donate, and they donated directly to the candidates, sent their check to either WISH List or EMILY'S List who then put the checks together and sent them to the candidates.  I believe that has been helpful in electing women to both Houses of this Congress. Currently, there are nine women in the Senate. When I came to this body, there were only two elected women.  Groups like WISH List and EMILY'S List are an important factor in helping more women run for office. Frankly, I do not have a problem with any organization going out and endorsing candidates, writing to their members, and saying if you would like to contribute to these candidates, please go ahead and do so. I have no problem whether that group is the Christian Coalition, whether it is the National Rifle Association, whether it is EMILY'S List or WISH List. I think the encouragement of small contributions to candidates that support a cause that you believe in is important to the American political system.  My separation from what Senators McCain and Feingold have done is that this bill wipes out all PAC's, connected and unconnected. I would ban connected PAC's but permit unconnected PAC's to continue their bundling efforts.  The other difference I have would be in how you would voluntarily have the spending limits to create two different levels. If a wealthy candidate were to enter a race and say, I do not intend to adhere to the spending limits; I intend to spend $250,000 to $1 million of my own money, then your opponent's limit goes to $2,000. If the wealthy candidate says, I am going to spend more than $1 million, then the limit of the opponent goes to $5,000.  I strongly support the $50 disclosure requirement. I strongly support the incentives that are built into this bill which would provide free radio time, special mailing to those who do comply with the voluntary spending limits.  I believe this is an important bill. I am proud to vote for cloture. I hope that the Senators of this body would see some merit in either the two amendments I will offer as second-degree amendments or the substitute of the whole to do the two items that I mentioned.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  Mr. McCONNELL addressed the Chair.  