 President, I hope by the tenor of this debate this morning that further amendments are not being closed out. I would be very upset and very concerned if they are, coming from a State that handles 40 percent of the immigration load, whether it be illegal or legal, in the United States and 40 to 50 percent of the refugees and 40 to 50 percent of the asylees in the United States of America. It would seem to me that the voices of the two Senators from California and amendments that they might produce in this area are worthy of consideration by this body. If I judge the tenor of the debate, it will be to close out other amendments, and I very much hope and wish that that will not be the case.  In any event, I am going to take this time now to explain what I have in mind and to explain that I would like to send a compromise amendment to the desk. This compromise amendment is between the Kennedy proposal and the Simpson proposal.  The debate has been changed. I appreciate what the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts said, that this debate is not about legal immigration. But the fact of the matter is that we have received in committee incorrect numbers on legal immigration, and those numbers are so dramatically different from the fact of what is actually happening, we learned from the press, that it does, by its own weight, changes the debate.  When we hear in committee--and I serve on the Judiciary Committee and on the Immigration Subcommittee--that legal immigration numbers have been going down and will continue to go down--and that has been the testimony--and then yesterday I read press that says, ``Immigration Numbers to Surge,'' and from one of the most distinguished journalists, Marcus Stern of the San Diego Union Tribune: ``Border Surprise, Outcry Greets INS Projection of Soaring Legal Immigration,'' and when the Department's own numbers indicate that immigration in fiscal year 1995 was 1.1 million and in fiscal year 1996 will be very close to that 1 million mark, what we thought we were dealing with in the vicinity of 500,000 or 600,000 is clearly not the reality.  Now, reports are one thing, numbers are another. Numbers affect classroom size, they affect housing markets in States that have major impact from legal immigration. California is on a tier of its own in this regard.  So I am very hopeful that this body will not make it impossible for the Senators from California to put forward a compromise proposal. I am having copies of that proposal at this time placed on the desk of every Member of this House.  Essentially, what the proposal would do is control increases in total family numbers and control chain migration. We would allow reasonable limits in family immigration totals for the next 5 years by placing a hard cap at the current law total of 480,000, without completely closing out adult-children-of-citizen categories and providing for the clearance of backlogs without creating chain migration.  Every Member will shortly have a chart which will show the difference between the Feinstein proposal with the hard cap of 480,000 and the Simpson amendment with a hard cap of 480,000 and no backlog reduction.  Also distributed to you will be a chart which will show current law. We now know that although current law is 480,000, it is going to be close to 1 million. The Kennedy proposal of 450,000, which is in the bill, with increases in the immediate family with an anticipated additional increase of 150,000--the Kennedy proposal numbers will be close to 1 million. It will be a major increase in legal immigration, if one is to believe the figures that INS has just put out.  We will also distribute to each Member the new figures of the Immigration and Naturalization Service. Under current law, INS projected 1,100,000 family immigration last year; and what they say will be in fiscal year 1996, is 934,000, similar to the figures under the Kennedy proposal which is now in the bill.  I voted for the Kennedy proposal in committee. I did so with the assurance that the numbers were not going to be increased. The first time I knew that was not the case was when I saw a New York Times article saying that in fact these numbers swelled legal immigration totals. And then of course yesterday we saw that the numbers were off as given to us by INS by 41 percent.  Current law has increased the numbers, due to the naturalization of 2.5 million people whom are legalized under IRCA. The spouse and minor children of citizens is going to increase for the next 4 years, increasing an anticipated average of between 300,000 and 370,000 or more per year for the next 4 years. I would suspect that even these numbers are going to be higher.  Under current law the spouse and minor children of citizens are unlimited. The family total of 480,000 is a pierceable cap, which means the additional increases in this category due to IRCA legalization, pierces the cap and increases family immigration numbers over the 964,000 in fiscal year 1996.  So that number, even the projected numbers, are going to be low. Also under current law, another source of increase in family numbers is the spillover from unused visas in the employment base category. In fiscal year 1995, 140,000 visas were available and only 85,000 were used. This means 55,000 spilled over to the family category.  What my compromise amendment does, what the Feinstein amendment would do, is stop the pierceable cap, place a hard cap on the 480,000 that are theoretically allowable today. That is the current law, but without the anticipated increases, because the hard cap would stop that. It would also stop the spillover from the unused employment visas, the loophole in the current system that no one talks about.  Fairness, I believe, dictates that we do not close out the preference categories. Let me tell you why. I think Senator Abraham and others, Senator Feingold, understands this. Under our present system, if you close out the family preferences, there is no other way for these members of families to come to this country--no other way--not in the diversity quotas, no other way. So if you close them out, you foreclose their chances of ever coming to this country. And they are on a long waiting list now. So I think the fair way to do it is to place a hard cap on the numbers and then allocate numbers within each of the preference categories.  So I do that. I do not close out the preference categories. I would haveparents and adult children guaranteed to receive visas every year, remaining consistent with the goal of family reunification.  I would allocate visa numbers on a sliding scale basis for parents and adult children of citizens, allowing for increases in visas when the numbers fall within the unlimited immediate family category. However, they must always remain within that 480,000 hard cap.  I would allow the backlog clearance of spouses, minor children of permanent residents by allowing 75 percent, with any visas left over within the family total to be allocated to this category's backlog clearance.  I would also control chain migration, where one person ends up bringing in 45 or 40 other people, often not blood relatives. Commissioner Doris Meissner has told me that what permits chain migration is the siblings of the citizen category. I would place a moratorium for the next 5 years on this category. However, if there are any visas left over within the hard cap of 480,000 our family amendment allows 25 percent of the leftover to be used for backlog clearance of siblings, those who have been waiting for many years.  The problem with the Simpson amendment is that in its operation it would provide no visas for adult children of citizens. It would provide no guarantee of visas for children of citizens. All the numbers left over from Simpson's hard cap family numbers go to spouses and minor children of permanent residents, where the 1.1 million backlog remains. This means no one else who has been waiting to reunite with their children will be able to do so in the next 5 years.  The Simpson amendment provides no backlog reduction plan. The amendment is a simple, straight spillover, giving preference to permanent residents over U.S. citizens' families.  The problem with the Abraham-Kennedy provision, which is currently in the bill, is that there is no cap on the numbers. With an anticipated 2.5 million IRCA legalized aliens expected to naturalize in the next 5 years, the unlimited family numbers would result in a family immigration total of 1 million a year.  Recognize, 500,000 of these people are going to go to California a year. We do not have enough room in our schools. We have elementary schools with 2,500, 3,000 students in them, in critical areas where these legal immigrants go. There is no available housing. There is a shortage of jobs. So why would we do this, if the numbers are swollen 41 percent over what we were told when we considered this bill in committee?  The Kennedy-Abraham amendment also has a spillover provision from unused employment-based immigration visas. The current limit is 140,000. The actual use in 1995 was only 85,000, which means in addition to the increasing numbers in family immigration, there would be an additional 55,000 visas totaling up to 1 million in family immigration in 1996.  Third, the Kennedy-Abraham amendment increase chain migration by guaranteeing 50,000 visas for siblings of citizens in the next 5 years, which increases to 75,000 per year for the subsequent 5 years. INS Commissioner Doris Meissner has confirmed that the chain migration comes from the siblings category. Under Kennedy-Abraham, the bill would allocate 50,000 to 75,000 for siblings, more numbers in certain years than current law which allows 65,000 per year.  I believe that the Feinstein amendment is a reasoned balance between Simpson and the Abraham-Kennedy provision. It places a hard cap on the current level of 480,000 family total per year. It closes the loophole where the unused employment-based visas spills over to the family immigration numbers.  Third, it guarantees that close family members of citizens get visas each year with flexible limits, allowing increases in allocation of visas with decreases in the immediate family categories, which INS anticipates will flatten out in about 5 years.  The Feinstein amendment is about fair allocation of scarce visa numbers to protect reunification of close family members of citizens, while controlling the daunting increases in family immigration due to the increase in naturalization rates for the next 5 years.  Every member, Mr. President, has three pages. The first page would have current law, Feinstein and Kennedy; the second page, Feinstein and Simpson in the numbers in each of the categories. I can only plead with the chairman of the Immigration Subcommittee to please give me an opportunity to send this amendment to the desk so that the Senators, at least of the largest State in the Union affected the most by immigration, would have an opportunity to vote on it.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  