 I want to briefly outline why the distinguished chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, Senator Roth, and I offered this resolution with respect to Cambodia, and why we feel it is important.  On September 12, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 1642, as amended by the Senate, extending most-favored-nation trading status to Cambodia. The legislation now awaits the President's signature, which is expected.  That is as it should be. Cambodia has made tremendous strides since the signing of the Paris Peace Accords in 1991. The granting of MFN status is an important way of recognizing that Cambodia is emerging from the violence and repression that plagued its past. The United States can help Cambodia continue in its path of normalization and development by engaging it in a free and open trade relationship.  But the extension of MFN status to Cambodia should not be misconstrued as a signal that we no longer have concerns about the conduct of the Royal Government of Cambodia [RGC]. Indeed, while the U.N.-sponsored elections of 1993 blew the air of freedom and democracy through Cambodia, recent events suggest that the RGC may be sliding backward in its safeguarding of these principles.  Among the most concerning developments is the deterioration of the political rights and freedoms of opposition leaders and the press. In recent months:  Former Foreign Minister Prince Sirivudh was arrested and exiled on trumped up charges of plotting to assassinate Second Prime Minister Hun Sen;  Former Finance Minister Sam Rainsy--a persistent critic of government corruption, was expelled from the National Assembly and the FUNCINPEC Party;  A gathering of leaders of the Buddhist Liberal Democratic Party was attacked with a grenade;  Journalist and Khmer party member Thun Bunly was assassinated; and  Other journalists have been harassed and intimidated for criticizing government corruption and abuse, and few of these crimes have been properly investigated.  These incidents, and many others like them, suggest that Cambodia is in danger of slipping back into its old habits of repression. In addition, corruption is widespread in Phnom Penh, with many government officials directing money into their own pockets. Furthermore, Cambodia has emerged as a major center of heroin trafficking, and there is evidence that some government officials--including members of police and military units, have profited from this trade as well. The RGC, which has been certified as cooperating in our antinarcotics efforts, needs to do even more.  Finally, despite the Cambodian Constitution's requirement that the RGC safeguard the environment, the RGC has allowed massive deforestation to take place in many areas of the country. This environmental degradation, a serious concern in its own right, is compounded by three factors:  Unrestricted clear-cutting is threatening the agricultural livelihoods of numerous Cambodians, to the point where some communities have been destroyed by drought and floods, and famine is a serious concern;  Concessions granted to timber companies are often a means of lining the pockets of national and local officials, adding to the corruption problem; and,  Concessions granted to timber companies for logging in western Cambodia, where the Khmer Rouge still dominates, have enabled the Khmer Rouge to generate millions of dollars of income by charging the loggers passage fees.  The specter of the Khmer Rouge still haunts Cambodia. That is why it was particularly disturbing in recent weeks to see that the RGC obtained from King Sihanouk an amnesty for Ieng Sary, the former Deputy Prime Minister of the Khmer Rouge and Pol Pot's brother-in-law.  It should be of great concern to Members of the Senate that a former Khmer Rouge leader, who participated in the genocide of some 2 million Cambodians--rather than being charged as a war criminal, as he should be, and as Congress has endorsed in the Cambodian Genocide Justice Act--is being allowed to participate fully in Cambodia's political life.  That is the spirit in which this resolution is offered, Mr. President. The United States has provided much assistance to Cambodia to aid in its recovery from civil war. We are now extending MFN status to them, another step forward in our relations.  But we should not allow that progress to obscure our understanding of the serious and troubling trends beginning to emerge in Cambodia. I hope this resolution will help the administration send the appropriate message of concern over these trends.  