  Mr. President, on May 23--13 days ago--there were three votes on budgets. There was one for the Republican budget, which received a party vote; there was one for the President's budget, which received a party vote; and there was one more on a budget put forward by the centrist coalition.  Now, one of the things that became very clear in budget balancing in this body is that there are different points of view on both sides of the aisle. Republicans do not tend to support a Democratic budget, and Democrats do not tend to support a Republican budget. This was borne out.  Well, for some 6 months, under the leadership of Senator Chafee and Senator Breaux, 11 Republicans and 11 Democrats sat down around a table and said, ``look, we know we have to balance the budget. How are we going to do it, and what does each party need to do?''  Believe it or not, we produced a document that came five votes short of being adopted by this body. With five more votes, we would not have needed a constitutional amendment to balance the budget, and we would have balanced the budget within 7 years. I believe it is still possible to do succeed.  I support a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. I even sponsored one, with a number of my colleagues, last year. But, in my view, if Congress does not have the will toactually balance the budget, it may, at some point, need castor oil. And that is all this amendment is. I heard people on the floor this morning make the statement that now is the time to bite the bullet. Now is the time to make the hard choices.  Does this constitutional amendment restructure Medicare? No.  Does it restructure Medicaid? No.  Does it bring on welfare reform? No.  Does it provide for ballistic missile defense? No.  Does it have the tax increases to pay for one? No.  Does it have a tax cut in it, which so many want? No.  Does it solve any problem at all? No, it does not.  It does one thing. It says that the people of three-quarters of the State legislatures will vote and decide whether there will be a constitutional amendment to balance the budget by the year 2003.  The bill before us today is the same bill rejected by this body last year. I voted against it then because I do not believe it is the right amendment for this country, and I will vote against it today for these same reasons.  Let me give you a couple of these reasons. A constitutional amendment cannot possibly be ratified right now in time to do any good. It would take the 3-year period that I described. The Medicare trustees announced yesterday the Medicare trust fund will actually reach insolvency in 2001--a year earlier than originally projected. This is a loud and clear message--or should be--that we do not have the luxury of waiting any longer to balance the budget.  Additionally, the amendment before us says that, for all time, the Social Security trust fund will be stolen to balance the budget. This body would send to the States a constitutional amendment that would utilize the Social Security trust fund, for all time, to balance the budget.  I think it is painfully clear to all of us that there is no way to achieve the goal of balancing the budget in 7 years without using, to some degree, funds that really should, by law, be set aside for Social Security. Our earlier speakers, including Senator Dorgan, Senator Hollings, and others know it as well as anyone in this body. Every plan put forward to balance the budget this year includes Social Security funds to some degree or another.  However, today we are considering a constitutional amendment. The amendment would permanently use Social Security trust funds to balance the budget. It allows absolutely no flexibility to protect the solvency of the trust fund for future generations who will depend on it. That is not right because, all during this period, Americans will be working and paying payroll taxes for their Social Security retirement. Workers will pay their 6.2-percent FICA tax to contribute to their retirement and employers will match that 6.2 percent. People have a right to know that this trust fund will be there when they retire.  This amendment, by locking into the Constitution the requirement that Social Security funds are used to balance the Federal budget, in perpetuity, abrogates that contract with American taxpayers.  Under this amendment, Social Security funds could wind up being used to pay for general governmental programs, just as Senator Dorgan spelled out. It is like taking the pension fund, if you operate a company, and putting it on your operating budget. You just would not do it.  Furthermore, I mentioned earlier that this constitutional amendment would have to pass muster with three-fourths of the States. If you think the debate in Congress has been difficult on this issue for the last few years, just wait until the voters of 50 States, or the legislatures of 50 States, start debating the permanent inclusion of the Social Security trust funds in the Federal budget under this balanced budget amendment. I venture to say that the likelihood of its ratification is dim, at best.  Well, what is the upshot of all of this? The upshot is that we have the vehicle to balance the budget, without altering the Constitution, and we should just do it.  I want to read this list. This is the first time I have ever seen this in the time I have been here. Forty-six Members--22 Republicans and 24 Democrats--voted for a centrist budget. The Republican supporters are: Bennett, Brown, Campbell, Chafee, Coats, Cochran, Cohen, D'Amato, DeWine, Faircloth, Frist, Gorton, Gregg, Hatch, Hatfield, Jeffords, Kassebaum, Lugar, Santorum, Simpson, Snowe, and Specter.  These 24 Democrats voted with the 22 Republicans: Akaka, Bingaman, Boxer, Bradley, Breaux, Bryan, Conrad, Feinstein, Graham, Inouye, Johnston, Kerrey, Kohl, Leahy, Levin, Lieberman, Moynihan, Murray, Nunn, Pell, Pryor, Reid, Robb, and Simon.  With the centrist budget amendment, we were five votes short of achieving the tax cut Republicans wanted, and minimizing the cuts in vital programs that Democrats wanted. We came within five votes of achieving significant savings for a wide variety of Federal program. In Medicare, we made enough changes to assure the solvency of the trust fund until 2007, and made some necessary changes in part B, as well. We took steps to meet the needs of Medicaid, restructuring the program, and provide welfare reform while retaining a Federal safety net. We also adopted a balanced tax cut, for individuals and businesses, including education, capital gains reform, research and development tax credits--all put together in a package that both parties could buy into.  I was really very disappointed that there were not five other Members of this body who could stand up and we could get the job done.  I do not believe that a constitutional amendment, particularly one that includes the Social Security trust fund, is ever realistically going to be ratified by three-quarters of the States. There are enough people in this Nation who pay those FICA taxes who do not want to see their FICA taxes used for anything other than their retirement.  Therefore, I respectfully submit to this body that the centrist coalition, which balances the budget in 7 years, uses the Congressional Budget Office numbers, does not make unnecessary and precipitously deep cuts in important programs, represents the Nation's best interests and is really the way to go.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  