 President, I rise today to express my strong disappointment that funding for the Travis VA Hospital was not included in the VA, HUD, and independent agencies appropriations bill for fiscal year 1997. There are currently 450,000 veterans in northern California who have no local veterans hospital.  Let me briefly describe the continuing situation for these veterans seeking inpatient health services. A veteran in northern California must drive an average of 4 to 5 hours, sometimes as many as 8 hours, to get to a VA inpatient facility. Once the veteran is released from the hospital, he and his family must drive back and forth from home to the VA facility again for checkups.  These hardships are having a detrimental effect on the care these veterans receive. The Department of Veterans Affairs own numbers show that the use of inpatient care in northern California has declined from 7,000 cases in fiscal year 1991 to 2,538 in fiscal year 1995. That is a decrease of 64 percent. With the aging population of these veterans, it is hard to believe that they do not need the health care that the Travis VA Hospital would provide.  The Clinton administration has seen the needs of these veterans and responded. The President's fiscal year 1997 budget request included $32.1 million for phase II construction at the hospital. Phase II allocation funds utility relocation, site development, and foundation and structural construction. The House of Representatives also acted to meet the needs of these veterans by funding President Clinton's request for phase II funds and by reprogramming the $25 million appropriated last year for an outpatient care facility so that they could also be used to build the hospital.  As bad as the situation has been, these veterans have been exceedingly patient. At the groundbreaking ceremony on June 2, 1994, attended by Vice President Gore, we all were optimistic that northern California's veterans would not have much longer to wait for quality health care. More than 2 years later, the plans are complete and the land is ready to begin construction of the replacement hospital. Instead, that land will remain empty, and nearly a half a million veterans will continue to be unserved.  The area that the Travis VA Hospital would serve is one of the largest, most geographically dispersed, and highly populated veterans' areas in the country. In fact, more veterans live in northern California than in 27 individual States and the District of Columbia.  I am very disappointed that the members of the Senate Appropriations Committee deleted the funding the House included for the Travis VA Hospital and turned their backs on nearly a half a million veterans by not continuing to fund the replacement VA hospital at Travis Air Force Base.  It is a sad day when the men and women who have served our country without question--and who have the right to expect their Government to fulfill its promises--are now being told ``tough luck.''  I appeal to my colleagues to honor the commitment we as a nation have made to our veterans when this bill is considered in conference. I pledge to continue my fight for northern California's veterans and for full funding for the Travis VA Hospital.  