 President, I rise to speak on the continuing resolution and, specifically, the immigration bill, which deals with illegal immigration and which has been added as a portion of that bill.  Few issues are more clearly and unequivocally the responsibility of the Federal Government than the issue of immigration, whether it be lawful or unlawful. Legal immigration, the threads from which our Nation's rich tapestry is woven, is a matter of national policy, and, in fact, no nation on Earth has as a liberal policy and takes in more people from other countries each year than does the United States of America.  The ability to absorb newcomers becomes a question of resources, a reflection of our values, values of self-sufficiency, responsibility, respect for our laws, family unity, and the legacy of this country as a Nation of immigrants.  Illegal immigration, however, is a matter of law enforcement --whether it is enforcing our borders, enforcing our laws against working illegally or hiring someone to work illegally. It is the Federal Government's responsibility to enforce these laws.  Unfortunately, this job has not been done well over the years, and the prohibitions against illegal immigration, while on the books, have meant very little in reality. The cost of the failure to act on this responsibility has been very high.  Warning signals have been coming for years:  Communities are demanding action against: the growing crowds of illegal workers looking for day labor on street corners; lawsuits demanding Federal reimbursement for the cost of incarcerating, educating or providing health care for illegal aliens. ``English only'' laws are being discussed, expressing concerns about the inability of teachers to teach in schools. Many in California have dozens of different languages. As a matter of fact, there has been a report that 67 different languages are spoken in a single elementary school. It is very difficult for teachers to teach under these circumstances. There is also a rise in discrimination, and even vigilantes at airports looking for illegal immigrants.  A study just released by the Public Policy Institute of California sheds some light on the rise in animosity toward illegal immigrants. The study shows that the level of illegal immigration into California during the 1980's was substantially higher than previously thought.  Researchers estimate that as many as 2.2 million illegal immigrants settled in California during the 1980's, their migration soaring along with the California economy, comprising as much as 22 to 31 percent of all newcomers to the State during that period.  This is the point. As the State's economy stalled in the 1990's, the research indicates, interestingly enough, that illegal immigration dropped to about 100,000 a year. So as the economy of a given area gets stronger, the job magnet attraction for illegal immigration increases. When an economy worsens, that job magnet attraction clearly decreases.  I came to this body in 1993 after having run for Governor of my State 3 years before. I knew then as I traveled through my State--and I learned it very clearly--in 1989 and in 1990 that this was going to be a growing issue, and that the need for change was becoming more urgent.  As a newcomer to this body, I stood in the Chamber on June 30, 1993, and told my colleagues that I believed we needed to take action to stem illegal immigration, that the impact on my State had become enormous, and that failure to do so would only bring about a backlash.  At that time, I introduced a bill to beef up our borders and stiffen penalties for document fraud and for employing illegal workers. I tried to get myself on the Immigration Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee, where I have served with the distinguished Presiding Officer these past 2 years. But this body did not act. The House did not act.  Within a year, in California, organizers were circulating petitions to put proposition 187 on the ballot--by far, the most draconian and punitive anti-immigration measure seen in this country for many decades, and for the first time it targeted children. It took the approach of requiring that teachers and doctors report anyone suspected of being here illegally.  Essentially, if a youngster were in school and looked different or talked different and the teacher suspected they might be illegal, it was that teacher's law-given obligation to report that youngster to the INS. If that youngster was born in this country and therefore a citizen but the parents might have been born in another country and came here illegally, it was that teacher's obligation to report that youngster.  Most amazingly so, the same prerequisites and obligations were imposed on doctors and health care workers. Therefore making it a real risk, if a child had measles or chicken pox, to even take that child to a doctor. Believe it or not, that proposition passed with a substantial majority in the State, and it won in most minority communities. As a matter of fact, even in those communities where it did not win, it received a substantial plurality.  A poll taken by the Los Angeles Times, right after the election, asked voters why they supported proposition 187. Nearly 80 percent of the initiative's supporters said it was to send a message to Washington. More than half said they hoped this would force Washington to do something about illegal immigration. Less than 2 percent--believe it or not--cared for the specific measure that denied education to illegal children in that now infamous initiative.  I did not support that measure, but the message was unmistakably clear. People should not have to force the Federal Government to live up to its responsibilities to enforce our borders and our laws. Period. We do not have the luxury of debating this issue for another 2 years or 4 years. Rather, we have the responsibility to take action now. And the bill in this continuing resolution does offer strong reform. This is not a perfect bill, but its major thrust is to stop illegal immigration. And carried out and enforced, I believe it can make a major step forward in that direction.  Let me just quickly talk for a few moments about some of the key provisions. Mr. President, both you and I strongly supported the provision to add 1,000 new border patrol agents each year for the next 5 years and allow the Attorney General to increase support personnel at the border by 300 per year, over the same period. This effectively doubles the strength of the Border Patrol.  I think this works. Since 1993, Border Patrol, along our southwest border, has increased by 50 percent in personnel. And, as a result, apprehensions of illegal immigrants rose more than 60 percent in 1 month at the beginning of this year. Clearly, the presence of added Border Patrol makes a difference in controlling illegal immigration.  This bill improves border infrastructure, authorizing $12 million for new equipment and technologies for border control, including building a triple fence in appropriate areas, and new roads. This would be in one of the most highly traveled and difficult to patrol areas along the southwest border.  The bill adds 600 new INS investigators in 1997 alone to enforce our laws. I have heard critics criticize this bill, saying it does not do enough in that direction. However, there will be 150 more investigators to investigate employer violations, 150 to investigate criminal aliens, and 300 designated to investigate visa overstays in 1997.  You and I know that one-half of the people who come into our country illegally have visas and they just simply overstay that visa. And the visa, up to this point, has had no teeth. If they disappear into the fabric of the society, it is very difficult to find them to enforce that visa. This bill dedicates 300 new INS investigators to visa overstays. It is the first real effort this Congress has made to control one of the biggest problem areas in illegal immigration.  And the bill allows the Attorney General to establish an automated entry and exit control system, to match arriving and departing aliens and identify those who overstay their visas.  It precludes a person who overstays his or her visa from returning to this country for up to 10 years. This gives meaning to a visa. In a sense, in agreat sense, I am sorry we have reached this day and age in our very free society. But, you know, there is one thing I deeply believe and that is, we are a country of laws. We do not have the liberty to pick and choose which laws we enforce or do not enforce. But the departments of our Government should be bound to enforce the laws that are on the books.  We, if we do not like those laws, have the ability and the opportunity to change those laws. I am very disappointed this bill does not increase penalties for employers who violate the law as the Senate bill did, but penalties do exist. I have just taken a look at those penalties. As I mentioned earlier, there are also 150 INS agents, investigators specifically designated to investigate employers. The penalties essentially go from $250 to $10,000 in civil penalties for each alien, increasing with the number of offenses. And, on top of these fines, if the employer has a pattern of violations, he or she can also be subject to a maximum of $3,000 per alien and 6 months in prison for each transaction. And the Attorney General may also issue an injunction against the employer for repeated offenses.  If you think about it, these are strong penalties. But what is the problem? The problem is they have not been enforced. So this bill, once again, must be enforced if it is to have teeth.  Let me speak of worker verification. This is another disappointment because the heart of any effective system to prevent the job magnet from working is verification of documents that show legal authority to work. Any employer who can have their prospective employee, while being interviewed, present up to 29 documents, really cannot tell which is real and which is false. I know that. I have been in that position. I know how difficult it is to tell. This bill establishes three pilot programs for employment verification in five of the highest-impact States. So this is a step forward.  I want to speak for just a moment about document fraud, because probably there is no more greater problem in the United States in this area than document fraud. It is wholesale. It is rife.  It is just all over the place. Just recently, INS shut down a major document fraud ring in Santa Ana, CA. They confiscated 22,000 fake green cards, Social Security cards and driver's licenses. These were all first-rate forgeries, and they were meant to be sold in California and throughout three other States. It is a major underground industry in my State, and this bill does begin to deal with this problem.  It reduces the number of documents that can be used to establish an individual's employment eligibility, and it increases the maximum penalties for document fraud from 5 to 15 years in prison. That is the maximum, and it sets security standards for key identification documents, such as birth certificates and driver's licenses, to prevent fraud and counterfeiting.  If I had my way, we would cut the number of documents down to a basic number and make every green card, every Social Security card and every birth certificate counterfeit-resistant.  So the compromise in this bill is not all I wanted or think we need, but, again, it will be light years better than the situation we now have with employers having to struggle to recognize up to 29 different documents.  The bill also stiffens penalties for aliens illegally entering or attempting to enter the United States, and makes high-speed flight from an INS checkpoint a felony punishable by up to 5 years in prison. I think most Members of this Senate have seen the results of high-speed chases, certainly in my State, where people can die by the dozens in car crashes, in overcrowded vans, as innocent victims of high-speed-pursuit chases by law enforcement. And, of course, one very notorious incident resulted in law enforcement officers in a county taking out their frustrations physically upon some of the people who were being carried in the van.  Let me just for a moment speak about title V. This was a controversial title. It included some provisions for illegal immigrants and several provisions for legal immigrants. It was meant to tighten up income requirements and do some other things. Basically, I very much agree with the changes made to title V--with some exceptions, and I am prepared to support it. There is one area which was not changed and with which I have a major problem, and that is the section that deals with refugee assistance. A provision was deleted from the conference report that would have corrected a glaring inequity in the allocation of refugee assistance funds.  Under the funding formulas in the current law, funds for refugee assistance are not allocated on the basis of need or numbers or where the refugees are. My State, California, has 60 percent of all of the refugees in the United States of America. We receive $31 per refugee under this bill, while other States receive as much as $497 per refugee. That is just plain wrong. It is not the way this Government should exist, with cushy deals for some States and other States really ending up down and out.  This provision costs California $7 million in Federal funds. The withdrawal of the language that I submitted, to see to it that refugee dollars went based on where the refugees are, is not included in the immigration bill. It went with some kind of a political plum. I certainly intend to readdress this issue at the first available opportunity in the next Congress.  In conclusion, Mr. President, I must say, I am very pleased that the Gallegly amendment is out of this bill. I also think that fair changes have been made to the immigration bill, and I particularly thank the members of the Immigration Subcommittee. I think both you and I would agree that the markup of this bill on the Senate side was something very unusual. Members listened to each other, and it went on hour after hour, day after day. I think we produced a very good bill on the Senate side.  This bill has been changed somewhat. I think it still remains a very strong Federal tool giving the Departments of the Federal Government both the license they need, as well as the tools they need, to see that we do what we should do: guarantee that the borders of our country are enforced against illegal immigration.  I, for one, being the product of legal immigrants, really believe that it is important that the richness of our tapestry continue to be woven through people who come to this country from many other places. The fact that the legal immigration quotas remain as they are, extraordinarily broad, and I think liberal, is important, and that we say to the people of this Nation, ``We are a nation of laws, and we will abide by them.''  I thank the committee. I particularly thank the chairman of the Immigration Subcommittee, Senator Simpson, who worked very hard and very diligently, who has studied this issue and which legislation bears his name. I think he has been a person of great integrity and credibility on the issue for a long, long time. When he retires from this body, I guess at the end of this year, he will leave a legacy of fairness and a striving for laws in this area which are sustained by that credibility and integrity.  Finally, I want to address sponsor income requirements. In addition to being enforceable, sponsor contracts must also be realistic. I support raising the income requirement for sponsors of immigrants.  The purpose of the sponsor income requirement is to ensure that people who sponsor immigrants into this country have the ability to provide for them. Tell me how someone supports a family of two on $10,360 per year--which is the current poverty-level requirement.  A person can barely support himself or herself on $10,360 per year--that's why it's called the poverty level.  This bill makes what I think is a modest change in the income requirement: If you have an income of $12,950 per year for a family of two, you can bring your spouse and minor children into this country.  California--and all States who bear the burden of illegal immigration--need this bill. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this legislation by voting yes.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  