Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, we have come to the conclusion of the debate on a bill which the Committee on Science sincerely believes will be one of the most important pieces of legislation enacted in the year 2000 by the 106th Congress. Should the other body agree and we send this bill to the President for his signature, America will have made a commitment to the information technology research that we need to continue our country as number 1 in this area.  The pipeline for Federal research breakthroughs has slowed to a trickle as a result of some changes that have occurred since 1986. This bill provides a 5-year commitment to steady increases in funding for civilian information technology programs in the health areas as well as in the areas of computer science and information technology, and roughly doubles the funding for these programs over the next 5 years.  The legislation before us, H.R. 2086, focuses Federal efforts on basic research. Federal basic research nicely complements private sector-applied research. In many cases, the basic research that is done under this bill and which has been done in the past has been too high risk for the private sector to prudently invest their own money in. So having a Federal Government-private sector partnership where the taxpayers pick up the basic research that the private sector cannot do, and then the private sector goes and commercializes the results of successful basic research, will mean that we will continue our nationwide preeminence which provides good jobs for Americans, and I think has made our economy the healthiest in the world.  Mr. Chairman, all I can say is look where information technology has brought this country during the decade of the 1990s. We have the longest peacetime sustained growth rate in the history of our country. Unemployment is at a 30-year low, and inflation has been kept in check. One only needs to compare this success for Americans with the double-digit unemployment that has plagued the major countries in Europe and a Japan that has been teetering on the brink of depression for the better part of the last 10 years shows that we have done it right. A lot of the reason for America doing it right is the breakthroughs in information technology.  We cannot predict where the research authorized under this bill will lead other than that basic research breakthroughs will lead to applications in disciplines from A to Z. It has happened in the past, and it will happen in the future.  The bill before us provides better coordination of civilian information technology programs. Grouping these programs under one legislative umbrella will lead to better coordination and thus give the taxpayers more value for their dollar. The National Science Foundation has an enhanced role as the lead agency in this undertaking. They spend their money through competitive peer-reviewed grant programs. We have expanded the grant programs, but we have also made the grant programs more relevant to the private sector by requiring at least one representative from the private sector on each of these peer review committees.  Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hall), the ranking member, and to all of the members of the Committee on Science for working on this cooperative effort. I think that 20 years from now, as historians look back at what the 106th Congress did in the year 2000, should this bill pass through the Senate and be enacted into law, they will view this as probably the most important single piece of legislation that the Congress considers.  So as this bill passes, we all look forward to working with the Senate to make sure that this investment in our Nation's future ends up becoming a reality.  