 Madam Speaker, H.R. 209 continues the Committee on Science's long and rich history of advancing technology transfer to help boost United States international competitiveness.  Through the enactment of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980, the Federal Technology Transfer Act of 1988, and the National Technology Transfer and Advancement Act of 1995, Congress, by the direction of the Committee on Science, has created the framework to promote the government-to-industry transfer of technology that has enhanced our Nation's ability to compete in the global marketplace.  H.R. 209, which originally passed the House in May of last year, continues this tradition.  Last week, the Senate agreed to H.R. 209 and added a new section to the bill that directs the director of each Department of Energy laboratory to appoint an ombudsman to hear and helpresolve industry partner concerns regarding laboratory policies or actions.  The ombudsman's primary duty is to facilitate the speedy and low-cost resolution of complaints and disputes with industry partners.  In its consideration, the Senate made clear that, to ensure fairness and objectivity, the ombudsman should promote the use of collaborative alternative dispute resolution techniques, such as mediation, but that the amendment should not be interpreted to empower the ombudsman to act as a mediator or arbitrator in the process.  After its passage today, H.R. 209 will be sent to the President for his signature into law.  I congratulate the Chair of the Subcommittee on Technology of the Committee on Science, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella), for introducing this bill and for her tireless efforts to work cooperatively with the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Gordon) and other Members of the minority, the administration, and the other body in crafting this important bill.  I urge adoption of the Technology Transfer Commercialization Act, and I look forward to its signature by the President.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  