Chairman, the United States stands as the global leader in computing, communication, and information technology. This $500 billion a year industry accounted for one-third of our Nation's economic growth since 1992 and created new industries and millions of new high-paying jobs. This staggering success, however, is predicated on Federalresearch conducted over the last 3 decades.  Fundamental IT research played an essential role in the information revolution. However, maintaining the Nation's global leadership in information technology is not a given. The congressionally-chartered President's Information Technology Advisory Committee, called PITAC, stated that the ``current boom in information technology is built on basic research in computer science carried out more than a decade ago. There is an urgent need to replenish the knowledge base.''  Although the private sector conducts most of the IT research, that spending has focused on short-term applied work. As our Nation's economy becomes more dependent upon the Internet and IT in general, current Federal programs and support for fundamental research and IT must be revitalized.  To accomplish this, I, along with George Brown, the late ranking minority member of the Committee on Science, and 24 other Members introduced H.R. 2086, the Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Act, a 5-year authorization bill. The committee subsequently passed this bill by a vote of 41 to nothing, showing rare bipartisan unanimity on an important piece of legislation facing this Congress.  H.R. 2086 provides comprehensive authorization for the Federal government's civilian basic information technology research efforts at the six agencies under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, the National Science Foundation, NASA, the Department of Energy, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and the EPA.  This bill fundamentally will alter and greatly enhance the way information technology research is supported and conducted. Its centerpiece is the Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Program, which will be managed primarily through NSF and which will focus on long-term peer-reviewed basic research of the kind in which the NSF excels.  While funding for individual investigators remains an important aspect of IT research, funding for research teams and centers can also lead to dramatic progress. Therefore, this bill authorizes $130 million for large grants of up to $1 million each for high-end computing, software, and networking research, and $220 million for information technology research centers that are comprised of research teams of six or more members.  To attract more students to science and to careers in IT, the bill also authorizes $95 million for universities to establish for-credit internship programs for IT-related research at private high-tech companies. Both 2-year and 4-year schools will be eligible for these grants, which will operate on a 50-50 cost-sharing basis.  To help meet the need for state-of-the-art computing systems for the civilian research community, H.R. 2086 authorizes $385 million for a terascale computing competition at NSF. The bill requires that the funds be allocated on a competitive, peer-reviewed basis, and that awardees be required to connect to the Partnership for Advanced Computational Infrastructure network.  Finally, the bill authorizes the Next Generation Internet program through completion in fiscal year 2002.  Mr. Chairman, our future global influence lies in the hands of our young people, the education and training they receive, and the new scientific breakthroughs they produce. This bill combines increased authorizations for research funding with important policy changes that will keep the Nation at the cutting edge of information technology and produce the next generation of highly-skilled IT workers. It offers opportunities for all by providing open competition for IT grant funding, as well as benefiting diverse groups ranging from 2-year community colleges through the largest universities.  This bipartisan legislation demonstrates a commitment to upholding our Nation's preeminence in information technology. It has been endorsed by dozens of organizations, including the 1999 co-chairs Bill Joy and Ken Kennedy of PITAC, the Technology Network, the Computing Research Association, the Big Ten universities, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.  I believe that H.R. 2086's widespread support stems from the realization that information technology research assists all fields of science. Indeed, the research funded under this bill will help physicists, mathematicians, engineers, meteorologists, and computer scientists alike.  I ask my colleagues to join me in maintaining our world leadership in information technology by supporting H.R. 2086.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  