Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hall), and I support his constructive amendment. This amendment would expand the definition of ``information technology'' under the NSF account and change the NSF numbers accordingly.  This year the administration expanded the definition of programs deemed ``information technology'' within NSF's budget. This expanded definition is compatible with H.R. 2086, and I am pleased to include the new NSF numbers in the bill.  The administration prioritization of NSF in 2001 also demonstrates that they have accepted the committee's philosophy for IT spending. The committee believes that the NSF is the best agency to run open competitive and peer review IT grant programs.  With the adoption of this amendment, H.R. 2086 will incorporate the new expansive definition of IT at NSF within the same stable and sustainable rate of growth passed by the committee with a 41-0 vote last year. Thus, NSF IT spending in the Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Act will remain the same total growth rate over the 5 years of the bill after this amendment is adopted as it had been before the new expanded IT definition was proposed.  While this amendment accepts the aggregated definition of NSF IT spending, I would like to point out that this amendment does not rubber-stamp the President's request. This amendment does not plus up any other agencies to the President's request, nor does it reflect the decreases in overall NSF spending after fiscal year 2001 found in the administration's fiscal 2001 request. With the exception of NSF, the committee will review on a case-by-case basis the requested increases for IT and other agencies during the consideration of those agencies' authorization bills.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment reflects a bipartisan agreement on the part of the committee to a bill that has strong bipartisan support. I commend the ranking member from Texas (Mr. Hall) for offering this amendment, and I urge its adoption.  