Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman's amendment.  The International Space Station represents a unique scientific opportunity to perform research. Research which will lead to innovations and breakthroughs that will improve the quality of life for all of us. NASA has already grown crystals aboard the Shuttle that have provided scientists with useful insights into the mechanisms of crystal growth. Information gained on crystal growth will make it easier and more predictable to develop specialized materials on Earth. During relatively short duration Shuttle missions scientists have gained a better understanding of underlying biological mechanisms that will help us understand balance and hearing in humans. Of particular interest has been research aboard the Shuttle which has given scientists a better understanding of the structure of a specific strain of the flu virus that kills 3,000 infants in the U.S. annually, providing pharmaceutical manufacturers key information needed to develop antibodies.  Clearly, research aboard the Shuttle in the zero gravity environment of space has led to keen insights into various scientific phenomena. However, this is only a fraction of the scientific discoveries enabled by the Space Station. The Shuttle can only fly a handful of times per year and only a couple weeks at a time. On the other hand, the Space Station enables research to be conducted 365 days a year.  Scientific discovery and technological development are the key drivers behind our prosperity. We must not turn our backs on the payoffs that research on the Space Station can provide to improve life on Earth for all of us. Because our children and grandchildren will benefit most from that research, I urge that the proposed amendment be rejected.  Mr. LoBIONDO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment offered by Mr. Roemer. After countless missed deadlines, technical glitches, cost overruns, and a lack of support from our so-called ``partners,'' it's time we face facts; the International Space Station program must end.  The original estimate for the first space station put the cost of such an endeavor at $8 billion dollars. Congress ended up spending $11.4 billion and what it got was a failed program that offered little hardware, and no launch. Since this program did not work, Congress needed a new way to waste taxpayer dollars. So in 1993 this new program was called the International Space Station.  NASA recently estimated the cost of building this station through completion, whenever that will be, at well over $26 billion. This estimate does not even include the billions of dollars a year it will take to maintain the station after that. What's more, our so-called ``partners,'' Japan, Canada, and 10 other countries, are only required to collectively spend $9 billion. It seems the partners of the International Space Station actually share little more than a name. Once again the United States is left holding the bag.  On March 16, 2000, Mr. Allen Li, Associate Director, National Security and International Affairs Division of the Government Accounting Office gave testimony before the House Science Subcommittee on Space and Aeronautics saying Russia is still not complying with the space station's safety requirements. His testimony states the Russian Control and Service Modules have not met NASA guidelines to protect the station from orbiting debris, yet NASA said this risk was ``acceptable.'' NASA is still reviewing other safety concerns including excessive noise levels and outright operational failure. Where billions of dollars are concerned and, more importantly, human life, is any risk acceptable? My greatest fear is that NASA is ignoring quality standards in a futile attempt to justify this albatross.  It is for these reasons I fully support Mr. Roemer's amendment to the Veterans Administration-Housing and Urban Development Appropriations bill for FY 2001. This amendment transfers the $2.115 billion appropriated to the International Space Station and places it in the National Science Foundation and in other valuable NASA programs. Additional money will go towards paying down the national debt.  Mr. Chairman, enough is enough. Congress has already dumped too much into this space station, to no benefit. I believe we should give America's taxpayers a break by canceling the International Space Station.  