Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I respectfully disagree with the assertions that have been made that the section in question is unconstitutional. The gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson) cites a 1971 U.S. Supreme Court case. There have been two more recent cases, Agostini v. Felton in 1997 and Mitchell v. Helms earlier this year that clarified the Lemon v. Kurtzman test. Basically, it said that a statute similar to what is being proposed here is constitutional if it does not result in religious indoctrination, it does not define its recipients by reference to religion and it does not create excessive entanglement between government and religion. In each of these three instances, the statute does not do so.  There has been a Presidential award program that has been on the books since 1983 where each year the National Science Foundation recommends to the President 107 math teachers and 107 science teachers from around the country to receive an award which is a $7,500 grant to the school where theteacher teaches. That is open to both public schools and private schools.  I have a list of recent awardees, and I would like to read some of them to show that the President has directed money from the NSF to private schools. One of the awardees is Ms. Barbara Day Bass of St. Catherine's School in Richmond, Virginia. Another is sister Elizabeth C. Graham of Christ the King High School in Middle Village, New York; Sister Ellen Callaghan of Mount Carmel High School in Essex, Maryland; Ms. Claire Anne Baker of Brebeuf Jesuit Preparatory School of Indianapolis, Indiana; Ms. Carole Bennett of the Jesuit High School in Tampa, Florida; and even Mr. David Stuart Wood of the Sidwell Friends School of Washington, D.C., which I believe is attended by the son of Vice President Gore.  Now, this program has been working very well on the executive level for 17 years, and no one has raised the question that these types of awards violate the establishment clause of the United States Constitution. As a matter of fact, during all of the hearings that the Committee on Science had on this bill and during the markup, no one raised the issue as well. It was only a couple of nights ago that somebody started calling around saying that this provision was unconstitutional.  Well, first of all, the Congress does not make constitutional determinations. That can only be made by the Court and usually by the Supreme Court of the United States. I think that there is a sufficient question on the constitutionality that we should not pull this provision out of the bill, particularly because it would set such a precedent that the existing award program that had been going on by the NSF would be called into question as well. But also it is a standard rule of statutory construction that sections that are declared unconstitutional are severable if they can be severed from the rest of the bill. So I think that the concern of the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson) is really unfounded.  Constitutional and precedential questions aside, what we should be saying here is that it should not make any difference whether a teacher teaches at a public school or a private school in terms of the benefits of getting better math and science education in the classroom, because it is the students in those classrooms that are going to benefit from better teachers and more motivated teachers. I do not think we should leave the children who happen to go to private schools behind with these kinds of grants, just as the President has not left children who are taught by teachers in private schools behind in making the awards pursuant to the 1983 law.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  