Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this resolution amends H.R. 1550, and in doing so makes technical corrections to H.R. 1550 and S. 1639, both of which were passed by the Senate on October 18. I had hoped that the House could have sent these bills to the President, but, regrettably, errors in the Senate-passed versions mean that they will have to be sent back to the Senate.  In the interests of time, this resolution incorporates these two bills into titles I and II respectively of H.R. 1550.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the leadership for making the time available to consider this resolution, and I hope our colleagues in the Senate will move expeditiously to pass H.R. 1550, as amended by this resolution, and send it to the President for his signature before the Congress adjourns.  Mr. Speaker, titles I and II represent compromises worked out between the Senate and the House and are very similar to the comparable bills that passed the House by overwhelming majorities during the first session of this Congress.  Mr. Speaker, title I reauthorizes training, research, data collection, and analysis and public education programs at the United States Fire Administration. H.R. 1550 represents the big step in getting this agency back on track,especially in research. The bill authorizes a total of $142.6 million over fiscal years 2001 through 2003. The bill also requires USFA to certify that funds obligated in fiscal year 2002 are consistent with the strategic plan required in title I.  In addition to the increased authorizations for research funding, the bill also requires the agency to establish research priorities and to develop a plan for implementing a research agenda.  Mr. Speaker, title II of the bill, which authorizes the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, makes technical changes to S. 1639.  Earthquakes are a national problem. According to the U.S. Geological Survey, 39 States are subject to serious earthquake risk, and 75 million people in the United States live in urban areas with moderate to high earthquake risk.  Four agencies participated in NEHRP, the Federal Emergency Management Administration, the USGS, the National Science Foundation, and the National Institute of Standards and Technology. For fiscal year 2001, title II authorizes $104.1 million for the base activities in these agencies.  In addition, title II authorizes two new projects, each of which grew out of congressional direction. The Advanced National Seismic Research and Monitoring System will update the Nation's aging seismic monitoring network. The bill authorizes $185 million over 5 years for USGS for equipment and operation.  Mr. Speaker, the George E. Brown, Jr. Network for Earthquake Engineering Simulation, named after the distinguished late ranking minority Member and chairman of the Committee on Science and originator of NEHRP, will link more than 30 earthquake engineering research facilities and upgrade and expand major earthquake testing facilities. Title II provides NSF with a 4-year authorization totalling $74.1 million for this program.  Mr. Speaker, finally, the bill authorizes funding for studying the New Madrid fault.  Through its emphasis on monitoring, research and mitigation, H.R. 1550 will help the Nation prepare for the inevitable and save lives and property. I would like to thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Smith), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Basic Research; the gentlewoman from Texas, (Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson), the ranking minority member of the subcommittee; the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hall), the ranking minority member of the Committee on Science, for all of their work in helping craft a fine bill.  Mr. Speaker, this resolution to amend H.R. 1550 represents a sensible, long-term investment that will pay for itself many times over in saved lives and reduced property losses. I urge my colleagues to support it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  