Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I think this precedent has already been set, and I would like to read from the National Science Foundation fact sheet that outlines the awards that the President of the United States offers every year. It says, the presidential award for excellence in mathematics and science teaching is the Nation's highest commendation for K-12 math and science teachers. It recognizes the combination of sustained and exemplary work, both in and outside of the classroom. Each award includes a grant of $7,500 from the NSF to the recipient school. Winners use the money at their discretion to promote math and science education.  Frequently asked questions: What are the PAEMST selection criteria?  Answer: The program is open to practicing public, private and parochial school teachers with a minimum of 5 years experience.  Then there is a press release attached to this that says President Clinton has recognized 214 mathematics and science teachers for their innovative and outstanding contributions to their professions under the presidential awards for excellence in mathematics and science teaching programs.  Now, if the gentleman from Virginia's argument is valid, then all of the awards that President Clinton has passed out in the last 8 years to private and parochial school teachers, because they have done a good job in the classroom, never should have been paid and are unconstitutional.  What is being proposed in this bill is patterned after what the President has done since 1983. The issue of the constitutionality is simple, and that is whether the funds are used to promote indoctrination of religion, in this bill they are not; whether there is a preference on religious instruction, in this bill they are not; and whether there is excessive entanglement between the government and religion, and in this bill there is not, just like in the PAEMST awards that have been given by the President of the United States.  So I think that the argument that has been advanced at the 11th hour and 59th minute is really a red herring. We need to improve math and science education in our elementary and secondary schools. The best way to do that is to have really motivated teachers that turn the kids on. It should not make any difference whether those teachers teach in the public school or in a nonpublic school, because we should not leave the children in the nonpublic schools behind in order to get better math and science education.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  