Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Hall) yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I want to reference language that is contained in this bill that is identical to language included in the Agriculture appropriations bill that was offered as amendment No. 58 by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Knollenberg), who just spoke relative to the Kyoto Protocol.  I would like to follow up my remarks made during the floor debate on the Agriculture appropriations bill. I was supportive of the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Knollenberg) and as agreed to by myself and other Members.  I also agree with the gentleman's characterization of the language as identical to the provision offered on Energy and Water and as contained in this bill today. Essentially, it is also the same language as contained in the VA-HUD and CJS appropriations bills.  However, I would adamantly disagree with one of the gentleman's characterizations of the provision, both in his statement relative to the Agriculture bill as well as to his statement just made now relative to his use of the word ``specifically.'' They do not reflect our agreement with the statutory language that is now contained in the Agriculture bill and in this bill.  I would note for the Record that the word ``specifically'' is not used in terms of authorization in the bill language in this legislation. The assertion of the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Knollenberg) that activities must be specifically authorized from my perspective is not correct. There are many activities that the administration engages in that fall within generally authorized activities.  He has stated that he has no intention of disrupting these constitutional authorities or the ability of the administration to negotiate the climate change treaty or to engage developing countries in a manner consistent with Senate Resolution 98, for instance; and yet his characterization in the Record that activities must be specifically authorized is not reflective of the statutory language that was agreed upon and adopted by this House.  Additionally, the gentleman from Michigan has stated in the past that the United Nations Framework Convention, which was ratified by the United States Senate in 1992, requires specific implementing legislation for programs or initiatives. That is also, from my perspective, not correct. A ratified treaty carries the weight of law. The U.S. has many obligations and commitments that it agreed to under this ratified treaty and that are authorized without ``specific implementing legislation'' beyond the treaty. No one, I believe, can reinterpret the law or a treaty by making statements for the Record.  Finally, there are many programs and activities that are funded by the Congress and carried out by the administration that are not ``specifically authorized'' by Congress. I am very concerned about the use on the floor.  The gentleman's use of the word ``specifically authorized'' in his floor remarks, for example, could include voluntary nonregulatory programs or initiatives to reduce greenhouse gases, programs that also reduce energy bills, improve the Nation's energy security, and reduce local air pollutants.  I do want to make it clear that, again, I agree with the language contained in this bill, in the Agriculture bill, the Energy and Water bill, as well as CJS and VA-HUD.  I would note that the word ``specifically'' is not included in any of the report language and is not included in any of the bill language, and I would not want there to be confusion about the use of this word.  