 Mr. Speaker, the average American in 1998 made a nickel less in real terms for 1 hour's worth of labor than they made 18 years before that in 1980. What we are engaged in today is a race to the bottom, a race to pay the lowest wage, a race to give the least benefits, a race to not have a safe workplace, a race to not have to worry about the environment. The Chinese Government said that we will reform. My position in opposition to this bill is they should reform, and then we should revisit the issue. We owe this generation and the next generation of American workers hope in their economic future. We do not give that to them today.  Mr. Speaker, I rise first to express my strong opposition to granting China Permanent Normal Trade Relations. Until China reforms its worker rights and establishes environmental standards, approval of their status is simply another stop in the race to the bottom of the economic barrel. Secondly, as I listen to my colleagues rise in support of this bill or, conversely, to voice their opposition, I cannot help but think that we must focus our attention on the broader trade policy goals of the United States.  This week's vote on PNTR deals with only one of the two pillars that the world trading system is built upon--open markets. While this is a very important objective, we must place equal value on the second pillar--rules against unfair trade. We all know what happens if we continue to strengthen just one half of any foundation, while ignoring the other half. Eventually the entire structure will come crashing to the ground. The international trading system is no different. As we talk this week about opening up the world's largest market, let us not forget about the importance of enforcing the rules of fair trade.  The United States and the World Trade Organization (WTO) are not committed to free trade. However, free trade must also be fair trade. That is why there are internationally established rules, and U.S. laws consistent with these rules, which serve to protect domestic industries from being wiped out by unfair foreign trade practices. Unfortunately, these rules against unfair trade are only as good as the bodies that enforce them, and our own International Trade Commission (USITC), in particular, has decidedly chosen to ignore its mandate to uphold the laws.  In recent cases, the USITC has denied relief to American industries injured by unfairly traded goods. In fact, the current USITC Commissioners individually have voted in favor of U.S. industries less than half the time in investigations and contested sunset reviews, even after the U.S. Department of Commerce has found that U.S. industries have been victimized by massive foreign dumping.  Understanding that these industries that are losing before the USITC are not merely crying wolf. Because of the enormous industry-wide commitment that is required to bring an antidumping or countervailing duty case, only the most dire cases ever come before the ITC. These are industries that have been bloodied and battered by lengthy assaults from foreign industries, and have turned to the U.S. government and its supposed policy of zero tolerance for unfair trade as their last resort. Until the USITC reverses its record, or its responsibilities are assumed by another agency, I believe its policy toward American trade laws should be made known.  Although the American steel industry is not the only industry that has been victimized by decisions handed down by the ITC, it is one that I can speak of personally because it is such a vital industry to the people of my district. At the height of the recent steel crisis, the American steel industry and its workers filed several cold-rolled steel cases. The facts were simple: thousands of workers lost their jobs; five steel companies went bankrupt; operating profits turned to operating losses; and the U.S. Department of Commerce eventually found that twelve countries were dumping at substantial margins. Yet somehow the USITC determined that the domestic industry was not injured by this illegal dumping. Perhaps, it is time for the USITC to reevaluate its understanding of the world ``injury,'' because there are thousands of American steelworkers who have an entirely different understanding.  