Speaker, there is language contained in this bill that is identical to language included in the Agriculture Appropriations bill as amendment #58 by Mr. Knollenberg relating to the Kyoto Protocol.  I would like to follow up my remarks on the floor, during deliberations on the Agricultural Appropriations bill. I was supportive of the amendment offered by Mr. Knollenberg, and as agreed to by myself and other members. I agree fully with Mr. Knollenberg's characterization of the language as identical to the provision adopted on Energy and Water, and contained in the Foreign Operations bill, and essentially the same as on VA/HUD and CJS.  However, I would disagree with one of Mr. Knollenberg's characterizations of the provision, both in his remarks made on the floor, and as submitted for the Record. They do not reflect our agreement or the statutory language which is now contained in the Agricultural Appropriations bill and the other bills mentioned.  Mr. Knollenberg's assertion that activities must be specifically authorized is incorrect. There are many activities that the administration engages in that fall within generally authorized activities. Mr. Knollenberg has stated that he has no intention of disrupting these constitutional authorities, or the ability of the administration to negotiate the climate change treaty or to engage developing countries in a manner consistent with Senate Resolution 98, for instance. And yet, his characterization in the Record that activities must be specifically authorized is not reflected in the statutory provision that was agreed upon and adopted.  Additionally, he stated that the United Nations Framework Convention, which was ratified by the United States after consent by the Senate in 1992, requires specific implementing legislation for programs or initiatives. That is also incorrect. A ratified treaty carries the weight of law, and the United States has many obligations and commitments that it agreed to under this ratified treaty, and that are authorized without ``specific implementing legislation'' beyond the treaty. No one can reinterpret the law by making statements on the floor.  Finally, there are many programs and activities that are funded by the Congress, and carried out by the administration, that are not ``specifically authorized'' by Congress. For example: Mr. Knollenberg's characterization made on the floor using the word ``specifically''--which is not contained in this bill, the Agriculture, Energy and Water, or VA-HUD bills, implies that some regulatory and non-regulatory programs that have bipartisan support and that save money for businesses and consumers, help the environment, and improve public health would have to be rolled back.  Mr. Knollenberg's use of the word ``specifically'' authorized in this floor remarks would include voluntary, non-regulatory programs or initiatives to reduce greenhouse gases--programs that also reduce energy bills, improve the nation's energy security, and reduce local air pollutants. Let me be clear. The language in this bill and those mentioned before very deliberately does not include the word ``specifically'' and I wanted to ensure for the record that the gentleman's floor characterization does not represent our agreement on this issue and it is not the congressional intent in this bill.  The language included in this bill does not do anything to interfere with valuable research, existing programs, or ongoing initiatives designed to carry out the United States' voluntary commitments under the 1992 Climate Change Convention.''  