Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Fattah) for yielding the time to me.  Mr. Speaker, I do rise today to urge my colleagues to support S. 1295, a bill that was sponsored in the United States Senate by Senator Lugar, a bill to rename the Harbor Branch Post Office at 3813 Main Street in East Chicago in honor of a true hero, Lance Corporal Harold Gomez.  I did have the privilege of introducing the House version of this measure, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Fattah) mentioned, H.R. 2358 and would like to thank each of my colleagues from the State of Indiana, Republican and Democrat alike, for their complete bipartisan support of the measure.  Mr. Speaker, I would also like to give special thanks to the gentleman from Indiana (Chairman Burton), chairman of the Committee on Government Reform, for all of his assistance in bringing this bill to the floor and would like to thank the gentleman from New York (Chairman McHugh) and the ranking member, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Fattah), for all oftheir diligent service in ensuring that this legislation would be heard.  Mr. Speaker, as the first resident of East Chicago, Indiana to be killed while in service to his country during the Vietnam war, Corporal Gomez is a hero and his community would like to honor him in this special way.  The gentleman from New York has already reiterated on the House floor the numerous awards and battle ribbons that the corporal has received and though Harold Gomez' life was tragically cut short, he touched many lives and was admired by both friends and colleagues alike.  Mr. Speaker, I am deeply honored to offer this legislation to honor a true hero of Northwest Indiana. Corporal Gomez distinguished himself in combat and is a source of inspiration to both the residents of East Chicago and the rest of our Nation.  He is worthy of the recognition. On behalf of all of the citizens of Northwest Indiana, particularly our young people and our veterans, I am proud to support this legislation to name the East Chicago Post Office in honor of Corporal Harold Gomez and do ask my colleagues to support it.  