Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Scott) yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4033, the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act of 2000. I would like to recognize the over 260 of my colleagues who have joined as cosponsors of this bipartisan legislation designed to save the lives of police officers. Foremost among them, I would want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo) who has proven that he is an indispensable leader on this vital issue and that his commitment to police officers is absolute.  I would also express my appreciation to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. McCollum), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime, as well as the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Scott), the ranking Democrat, who have lent their powerful voices to this important cause and who have been indispensable and tireless in ensuring that this legislation is brought to the floor.  Mr. Speaker, after me, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Wise), will also speak and I will recognize his tireless efforts as well to secure many of the cosponsors of this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, studies show that between 1980 and 1996, there were over 2,182 felonous deaths of police officers due to firearms and that of those deaths, 924 of the officers were not wearing bulletproof vests. The Federal Bureau of Investigations has estimated that the risk of fatality from a firearm for officers not wearing body armor is 14 times higher than those wearing the armor. The gentleman from Colorado alluded to the 2,500 police officers whose lives have been saved from gunfire since its introduction in the mid-1970s.  But despite these statistics, tens of thousands of law enforcement officers do not even have access to a vest. In order to alleviate this problem, in 1997, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo) and I introduced the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act. This law provided a program which authorized $25 million per year to pay up to 50 percent of the costs of bulletproof vests for local and State law enforcement agencies.  In order to ensure that smaller jurisdictions received a fair share of the funds, the money was to be distributed evenly with half going to jurisdictions under 100,000 residents and half going to larger jurisdictions. In each of the first 2 years of this program, the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act has provided over 3,000 law enforcement agencies with funding to purchase over 90,000 bulletproof vests and body armor.  Mr. Speaker, I would point out that we are talking about reauthorizing legislation today, but I would also want to add my ``thank you's'' to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Rogers) who chairs the subcommittee, as well as the gentleman from New York (Mr. Serrano), who is the ranking Democratic member, for ensuring that in each of the first 2 years of this Act the full appropriation was granted.  However, in the most recent year of the program, funding was insufficient to provide any law enforcement agency with the full matching grant requested under the program. And, in fact, the average grant award represented only 30 percent of the cost of the vest, a 20 percent shortfall on the Federal side. For many smaller agencies, the shortfall is devastating and could end up taking away funding from other important departmental programs.  Mr. Speaker, we must honor our commitment to provide these agencies with the full 50 percent of the cost of these vests, and in order to do so H.R. 4033 doubles the yearly authorization for the program to $50 million. The original authorization of this program also included a provision to allow the purchase of stabproof vests for corrections officers and sheriff's deputies who regularly face violent criminals at close quarters in our Nation's jails.  Unfortunately, the Department of Justice decided that requests for funding for stabproof vests under the program were not valid until a national standard was developed for such vests by the National Institutes of Justice. After 2 years of development, NIJ continues to delay the implementation of such a standard. In order to address this issue, we supported an amendment to this bill offered by the gentleman from Florida (Chairman McCollum) during subcommittee consideration which will allow States to develop their own stabproof vest standards until the NIJ makes good on their promise.  And, finally, this bill would take extra precautions to ensure that those small agencies which are often most in need of additional funding for vests would receive the entire grant for which they apply. The program has fallen short of giving many of these agencies a full grant and, therefore, H.R. 4033 includes a provision which ensures that smaller jurisdictions, againthose under 100,000 residents, will receive all of the funding they request before money is allocated to larger jurisdictions.  Mr. Speaker, in this age of cross-country drug and illegal firearms trafficking, even rural and small town police officers increasingly find themselves faced with dangerous, well-armed criminals. We must protect the Crown Point, Indiana, police officer who unknowingly pulls over an armed drug dealer on Highway 231 as much as the New York City police officer involved in an orchestrated drug raid.  Our legislation is intended to reauthorize a highly successful program in order to make sure that every police and corrections officer who needs a bulletproof vest gets one. It was clear to us that every officer on the street should have a vest and that the need to supply officers with vests is important enough to warrant direct Federal assistance.  Mr. Speaker, at the heart of this effort is our desire to save the lives of police officers. When we make this commitment we offer protection, not just to the officers but to every community in America, we prevent the suffering of families of fallen officers, we prevent the loss of leaders in our community. Perhaps most importantly, we give those who protect us the ability to do their job better, more confidently, and with the knowledge that their entire Nation is behind them every day, even in the most dangerous of situations.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  