Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4680.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong opposition to H.R. 4680, the Medicare Rx 2000 Act. This overly complicated bill fails to guarantee affordable prescription drug coverage for all seniors and disabled persons. Prescription drug coverage for seniors is one of the most serious issues facing this Congress, and it is time to stop making empty promises.  I am a strong supporter of responsible Medicare prescription drug coverage for our senior citizens. Coverage that ensures that seniors do not have to make life and death monetary choices, coverage that at the same time does not bust the budget and represents a promise we can keep. I therefore believe that any program we pass must have a co-pay, premium, and benefit cap. It is important that we pass meaningful and real prescription drug coverage. To do less is a cruel hoax to the elderly of this country.  When Medicare was created in 1965, prescription drugs did not play a significant role in the nation's healthcare. Today, prescription drugs have become an increasingly important part of seniors' health care. The drugs that are now routinely prescribed for seniors to regulate blood pressure, lower cholesterol, and ward off osteoporosis had not even been invented when Medicare was created in 1965. Instead of frequent doctor visits and expensive hospital stays, today's innovative drugs keep more seniors out of the doctor's office and away from hospitals.  Unfortunately, drug prices have been rising rapidly. National spending on prescription drugs increased 51 percent between 1990 and 1995. More than one-third of seniors on Medicare spend over $1,000 a year on their drug prescriptions. There are approximately 13 million seniors with no prescription drug coverage, and another 13 million have coverage which is inadequate, costly, or both. As this trend continues, drug expenses threaten to erode many seniors' modest incomes even further, placing more and more Americans in a difficult position reminiscent of an earlier era.  A constituent of mine, Eunice Bailey, a 69-year-old resident of Hammond, Indiana, receives a monthly Social Security check of $840. Unfortunately, Ms. Bailey is not only a diabetic, but suffers additionally from high blood pressure, high cholesterol, arthritis, and osteoporosis. In an average month, Ms. Bailey can spend close to $300 for her prescription drugs, not to mention $225 in rent, $280 in groceries, and $120 for her utilities and telephone. This leaves Ms. Bailey with a deficit of $85. Since she cannot possibly afford to buy medicine and pay for her basic living expenses, Ms. Bailey saves money by either splitting her pills in half, or simply does not purchase her medicine at all. In addition, Ms. Bailey sometimes finds herself reducing the amount of food she purchases, a dangerous thing to do considering she is a diabetic. I find this absolutely appalling. In a country as wealthy and as good as the U.S., no citizen should have to decide between buying food or buying medicine.  Unfortunately, the Republican bill provides subsidies to private insurance companies while denying a real prescription drug benefit for all. The plan would only provide financial incentives to encourage private health insurance companies to offer ``Medigap'' policies to provide prescription drug coverage. This approach simply will not work. It will force seniors to deal with private insurance companies rather than having the choice of getting their prescriptions through Medicare. The Health Insurance Association of America has even stated that many private insurance companies still will not offer Medigap drug policies because they will not want to assume the financial risks. The end result is that millions of individuals will not be guaranteed access to prescription drug coverage at an affordable price.  Additonally, it will do nothing to control the cost of drugs since it would not provide for direct negotiations with prescription drug companies. Instead, it creates small purchasing groups that will have little leverage in getting better prices for seniors. We need to be providing seniors the same benefits that other large purchasing groups, like HMOs, currently get.  The only way to guarantee an affordable prescription drug coverage for all elderly and disabled persons is to expand the Medicare program to include prescription drug coverage. Like the existing hospital and medical coverage under Medicare, a new prescription drug program should benefit everyone, not just the insurance companies. There is no reason why we cannot be fiscally responsible while balancing people's health care needs. Providing a prescription drug benefit for our seniors will result in savings to both consumers and American taxpayers by reducing expensive hospital stays and medical bills.  As you cast your vote this week, remember that the Republican plan is a huge misstep toward providing real Medicare prescription drug coverage for our seniors. A stand-alone, drug-only policy will not work. It provides false hope to people who need help, and will do more harm than good. It is time to move past the empty rhetoric and join together in the fight to provide substantive assistance to America's senior citizens like Eunice Bailey.  