Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I join my colleague, the gentleman from California, in asking all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote to override the President's veto of H.R. 4733, the Energy and Water Appropriation Act for the year 2001. The chairman eloquently addressed the primary controversy that is engaged in this legislation and that is the Army Corps manual and regulations dealing with water flow on the Missouri River. I would join in his observations.  First of all, that the President in 4 previous years has signed legislation with similar language. Secondly, as far as the issue that is of complaint to the President, it will not come to fruition for another 2 fiscal years, so I do not think it would be appropriate to veto this legislation based on that one provision, given the good work the chairman and the committee has done on the bill.  The President also mentioned, however, three other items in his veto message, and I would like for a moment to address each of his concerns. The President indicated he is upset that we had not set aside enough funds for renewable and solar energy. I would point out to the Members that for the current fiscal year 2000, we appropriated and the administration will spend $362 million for these programs. The conference report that was approved bythe House and Senate and sent to the President approved for this coming fiscal year $422 million for these programs, a $60 million increase.  The President also had concerns relative to expenditures for the Florida Everglades. The fact is that this legislation contains $20 million in construction funds for the Everglades, the exact dollar figure in the President's budget. What the President wanted to do is to add additional expenditures that had not yet been authorized, and we have been very diligent in ensuring that unauthorized programs not enter into the legislation.  Finally, the President has complained that $20 million was not set aside for the so-called Bay-Delta CAL-FED program. In past years, we have appropriated up to $60 million for this important program; and the chairman, during the debate and discussion we had on the floor on the conference report, indicated it was his desire to set aside those $20 million if again we had authorization to do so. A compromise to date has not yet been struck. We lack the authorization and, therefore, the chairman, I think wisely, although I know it was a very tough and painful decision for him, decided not to include those moneys in the bill, and I think it is an eminently justifiable position.  Mr. Speaker, I would suggest for these reasons and those propounded by the chairman of the subcommittee that all of the Members of this institution vote to override the President's veto.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  