Speaker; I rise today to express my strong support for House Resolution 605 introduced by Representative Wilson. I would also like to applaud the efforts of the Missing and Exploited Children Caucus for raising the awareness of such issues. H. Res. 605 expresses the sense of the House of Representatives that communities should implement the Amber Alert Plan to expedite the recovery of abducted children. The Amber Alert Plan was created in 1996 in memory of 9-year-old Amber Hagerman who was kidnapped and murdered in Arlington, Texas. The Alert has been credited with saving the lives of at least 9 children nationwide.  Last year in Northwest Indiana, more than 1,600 children were reported missing. When a child is abducted, time is the most important factor in determining whether that child will return home alive. Due to the Amber Plan's proven track record of success, I initiated the Alert in my district on April 4, 2000. The Amber Alert is a joint effort between media outlets and police departments that enlists the help of the public to put more eyes on the look out for a missing child. In the event of an abduction, radio, and television stations provide quick, police-generated reports on the child. The notification plan commonly beings with a high-pitched tone and is followed by detailed information about the missing child or kidnaping suspect. A phone number is then given for the public to call if they see either the child or the suspect. Police are careful not to overuse the Amber Plan, carefully evaluating the circumstances of a missing child report before sounding the alert. I truly believe that the Amber Alert will be a valuable resource in my district in the effort to assist localities in the timely return of any missing child.  I support the efforts of communities across the U.S. in implementing their own Amber Alert programs to assist in the recovery of abducted children. This resolution has been endorsed by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, which continues to work tirelessly to implement this program nationwide. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution in an effort to combat child abduction and protect our children.  