Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to set the record straight as far as the rule that is before us. The Energy and Water bill, as reported out of subcommittee, includes only the language offered in committee by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms. Kilpatrick) that would deal with the critical issue of rising gasoline prices, and I want to make that very clear today.  Why is this the case? Perhaps it is because the appropriations bill that should have been dealt with on this issue was the Interior bill. That bill passed the House on June 15 after the House rejected a proposal by the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) to include funding for the Northeast home heating oil reserve, as requested by the President of the United States.  The majority's interior appropriation bill did nothing to address the rising gasoline prices in this country. After their refusal to do anything in the full Committee on Appropriations, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms. Kilpatrick) did seek a vehicle, that is this bill, the Energy and Water bill, to address the issue. I would also parenthetically add that she follows on other initiatives taken by many Members on our side of the aisle from New England, the State of Pennsylvania, and other areas, pursuant to negotiations and meetings with the President in January, in February, and other legislative initiatives.  The gentlewoman from Michigan did take the lead in full committee to add a simple reauthorization for the short-term extension of the strategic petroleum reserve. If it was not for her efforts in full committee and the efforts of her Democratic cosponsors, the amendment in order by this rule would not have been germane, and it would not have been allowed to be offered today in this Chamber. In fact, the Chairman of the authorizing committee, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Bliley), wrote to the Committee on Rules asking that the Kilpatrick language not be protected from a point of order since it was authorizing in an appropriations bill. If the chairman of the Committee on Commerce objected so strongly to the Kilpatrick language, a simple 1-year reauthorization of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve just to get the process moving, then surely he must have even more vehemently objected to the language made in order by this rule, which goes much further.  Mr. Speaker, this rule makes in order an amendment by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Sherwood) that basically duplicates language that was in the bill passed by the House a few weeks ago, the same language of the majority of the other body. So I do want to make one thing clear. We are today considering a bill with language put into it at full committee by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms. Kilpatrick).  