Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, first of all, I would want to note for all of the Members in the Chamber that as we begin the debate on this conference report, this will also be the last time that the gentleman from California (Mr.  Packard) will manage legislation on the House floor.  As I mentioned in my earlier remarks during House consideration of this legislation, we ought to all just take a moment to appreciate the fact that for over 4 decades, every day of every year of more than 40 years, the gentleman from California (Mr. Packard) has dedicated his life not only to his family, but to his country. We are richer for that. And given the experience I have had during the last 2 years of working closely with the gentleman from California (Mr. Packard) as my chairman, I certainly would emphasize to all of the Members of the House that the golf game of the gentleman from California (Mr. Packard) will certainly improve, not that it needs much improvement, in his retirement, his family will see him more often, but we will be the poorer of it.  Again, I would say to the gentleman from California (Mr. Packard), he has done a terrific job, and we ought to give him a hand.  Mr. Speaker, I want to also not only thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Packard) and the members of the subcommittee and full committee, but to thank those who are truly responsible for ensuring that this legislation is on the floor, and that is the staff connected with the committee, as well as the personal offices. I want to thank Nora Bomar, who is in the office of the gentleman from California (Mr. Packard); Terry Tyborowski; Carol Angier; Tracey LaTurner; Witt Anderson; Sally Chadbourne; Jeanne Wilson; Bob Schmidt; Rich Kaelin; and, as a former associate staff person myself, all of the associate staff who worked so hard with the professional staff throughout the year to make this conference report a reality.  Before getting into the merits of the bill, I would also want to express my regret and apology to Members who feel that, for whatever reason, their requests were not met in this bill. While we did receive a larger allocation after conference, there clearly was more demand placed on us than ability to perform.  I do want to emphasize to Members that, regardless of which side of the aisle they were on, particularly on water projects, we tried to give everyone every serious consideration, every fair consideration, but clearly we could not do everything. I do regret that. I am sure that the gentleman from California (Mr. Packard) does as well. It was unavoidable.  During House consideration and consideration in the committee, I expressed concern that as far as this country's investment in infrastructure, we have fallen short; and while we have moved strongly in the right direction during conference on this bill, I would reiterate that, for myself, I do believe that we continue to under invest in economic infrastructure, and I would continue to use the Army Corps as an example of that failure.  There are $30 billion on the active construction list that are authorized, that are economically justified, and that are supported by non-Federal entity. Most of those will, unfortunately, not be funded in this bill, because, again, of the squeeze of our allocation. There is $450 million in backlog of critical deferred maintenance for next year alone, and the Corps estimates they need $700 million per year to permit projects to move forward on their most efficient schedule.  The administration asked for a new initiative on recreational facility modernization, and the money was not available to do that. The administration asked for the Challenge 21 Riverine Exploration Program to begin, and there was not enough money for that.  Generically, in constant dollars, we have seen expenditure on these kinds of projects to decline from 1996 of $5 billion to approximately $1.7 billion during the 1990s in constant dollars. So while we have improved this bill and increased funding for economic infrastructure, I think, generically, this institution and the administration has not paid enough attention to this critical need.  I would also want to advise Members that while I am going to vote for this bill, they should all, as a matter of information, understand that the President has threatened to veto this bill because of a paragraph included in the Senate relative to a master water control manual for the Missouri River that is being developed by the Army Corps of Engineers.  Relative to the House mark, the Army Corps of Engineers will have an additional $395 million, and I think that is a vast improvement. I am also happy that the compromise struck in the conference raised the dollars to the House level relative to the regulatory programs that the Corps has to undergo. That figure is $125 million.  I would note, however, for the record that because of additional regulatory requirements that the Corps has now undertaken, as well as additional reporting requirements that we will be imposing on the Corps in this bill, it is my belief today that the Corps remains $6 million short.  I warn Members that I hope we do not see a self-fulfilling prophesy; and that is during the debate on these new regulations and requirements the suggestion was this was going to slow down permitting process nationally, well, if you do not give an agency the required monies, that is not a possibility. It would not in this case be the Army Corps' fault.  We had a debate during House consideration as far as monies set aside for civilian science. That number is higher today than it was in the House, and in fact is $356 million higher.  Finally, we had an amendment in debate on renewable energy. The figure in this conference is $422 million. That is $59 million greater than when the bill left the House, but I would also note for the information of Members that it remains $30 million below the President's request. Again, I have these iterations essentially for the information of Members.  It has been a pleasure to work with the gentleman from California (Chairman Packard). This is a good bill, I support it, but I do want Members to be fully informed before their vote.  Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey).  