 Mr. Dinh and Mr. Chertoff were heavily involved in what I thought was a misguided investigation, not by them but by Members of Congress who conducted it against former President Clinton and others in Arkansas. However, I believe they followed the directions of Members of Congress, many of whom are no longer here, for a number of reasons. I will vote for them and urge their confirmation when the time comes.  I mention this because there seems to be some in the public, some among what I call the more conservative editorialists, who think there is going to be some kind of payback on the Democrats' part for the number of nominees who were held up during the Clinton administration by the Republican majority. I think it makes far more sense to look at nominations one by one on the merits.  There is no question if the roles were reversed, if somebody of Mr. Dinh's and Mr. Chertoff's background had been appointed by the last administration following their investigations of Republican Presidents and my understanding and what I have seen in the last few years, they would have been held up. I do not believe in doing that.  I told Attorney General Ashcroft--in fact, I told him earlier today-- we intend to move these forward. We are moving forward most of the nominations in the Department of Justice a lot faster than they were 4 years ago in the Clinton administration by the same Senate but under different control.  I hope this may be an indication that things will move forward on their merits and not on partisanship. I urge all Senators who wish to debate to come to the floor without delay and participate.  After the motion to discharge and proceed to the nomination, I expect the Senate will proceed to vote promptly on the Olson nomination. I know Senator Lott and Senator Daschle have been working toward that goal. I agree with them on it.  I will, however, express, as every Senator has a right to express his or her feelings towards or against each of these three nomination nominees, why I will vote against Ted Olson.  The Solicitor General fills a unique position in our Government. The Solicitor General is not merely another legal advocate whose mission is to advance the narrow interests of a client or merely another advocate of the President's policies. The President has people appointed on his staff or in his Cabinet to advance his policies. That is absolutely right. That is the way it should be. Whoever is President should have somebody who can advance his positions no matter whether they are partisan or not, and there are positions provided--in fact, hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of positions are provided to the President to do that.  The Solicitor General is different. The Solicitor General is not there to advance the partisan position of anybody, including somebody who is President. The Solicitor General is there to advance the interests of the United States of America, of all of us--Republican, Democrat, or Independent.  The Solicitor General must use his or her legal skills and judgments to higher purposes on behalf of the laws and the rights of all the people of the United States.  The Solicitor General does not advance a Republican or Democratic or Independent position. The Solicitor General advances the positions of the United States of America. In fact, at his hearing, Mr. Olson acknowledged--and I will use his words:       The Solicitor General holds a unique position in our      government in that he has important responsibilities to all      three branches of our government. . . . And he is considered      an officer of the Supreme Court in that he regularly and with      scrupulous honesty must present to the Court arguments that      are carefully considered and mindful of the Court's role,      duty, and limited resources. As the most consistent advocate      before the Supreme Court, the Solicitor General and the      lawyers in that office have a special obligation to inform      the Court honestly and openly. The Solicitor General must be      an advocate, but he must take special care that the     positions he advances before the Court are fairly presented.      As Professor Drew Days said to this committee during his      confirmation hearing 8 years ago, the Solicitor General has a      duty towards the Supreme Court of ``Absolute candor and fair      dealing.''  Those words of Ted Olson's are words that I totally agree with. He has stated the position of the Solicitor General. He has stated it accurately. We must look at his record to see, having talked the talk, whether he walked the walk.  The Senate must carefully review nominations to the position of Solicitor General to ensure the highest levels of independence and integrity, as well as legal skills. Indeed, the Solicitor General is the only government official who must be, according to the statute, ``learned in the law.'' We appoint a lot of people, we confirm a lot of people, but nothing in the law says they have to be ``learned in the law,'' but for the Solicitor General it says that. The Solicitor General must argue with intellectual honesty before the Supreme Court and represent the interests of the Government and the American people for the long term, and not just with an eye to short-term political gain.  The Senate must determine whether a nominee to the position of Solicitor General understands and is suited to this extraordinary role.  It is with the importance of this position in mind that I approached the nomination of Ted Olson to serve as Solicitor General of the United States. From my initial meeting with him in advance of the April 5, 2001, hearing and thereafter, I have been assessing this nomination against the responsibilities of that important office.  At the outset, I raised with Mr. Olson my concern that his sharp partisanship over the last several years might not be something that he could leave behind. After review of his testimony both orally and in answers to written questions, I have become doubly concerned that Mr. Olson has not shown a willingness or ability to be sufficiently candid and forthcoming with the Senate so that I would have confidence in his abilities to carry out the responsibilities of the Solicitor General and be the voice of the United States before the United States Supreme Court. In addition, I am concerned about other matters in his background.  I will lay out in a much more lengthy statement for the Record, my concerns, but let me talk more briefly now about my concerns about Mr. Olson's candor before the committee about his involvement with the American Spectator and the Arkansas Project. His initial responses to my questions at his hearing prompted concern that the committee might not have heard a candid and complete accounting from Mr. Olson.  Rather than respond directly and say all that he did do in connection with those matters, Mr. Olson chose to respond by misdirection and say what he did not do. Frankly, in this case, and under the questions he was asked, there is a world of difference between what he did not do and what he did do. He initially described his role as extremely limited as a member of the board of directors of the American Spectator Educational Foundation and implied that he was involved only after the fact, when that board conducted a financial audit and terminated the Arkansas Project activities in 1998.  Mr. Olson has modified his answers over time, his recollection has changed, and he has conceded additional knowledge and involvement. His initial minimizing of his role appears not to be consistent with the whole story. Because his responses over time left significant questions and because of press accounts that contradicted the minimized role to which he initially admitted, I wanted to work with Senator Hatch before the Judiciary Committee voted on this nomination to have the committee perform the bipartisan factual inquiry needed to set forth the facts and resolve all questions and concerns about Mr. Olson's answers.  I wanted to have us do the bipartisan fact finding that we always do when such issues come up.  Indeed, Senator Hatch postponed one committee vote on Mr. Olson's nomination on May 10 and admitted that ``some legitimate questions'' have arisen and that ``legitimate issues'' were involved. He said that after an article in the Washington Post indicated that Mr. Olson's role at American Spectator and the activities of the Arkansas Project were more than just as a member of the board of directors in 1998 to which a financial audit was provided.  My friend from Utah did not agree to that limited inquiry before the committee voted on Mr. Olson's nomination, but with the constructive assistance of the leaders and their staff, we were able to make progress over the last week.  Let me describe just a few of the discrepancies in Mr. Olson's evolving statements to this committee. These are discrepancies that give me pause.  First, Mr. Olson has minimized his knowledge of the Arkansas Project and its activities through--well, word games and definitional ploys. At the hearing, I asked him the direct question: ``Were you involved in the so-called Arkansas Project at any time?'' Mr. Olson responded by saying what he did not do, and with reference to his membership on the board of directors:       As a member of the board of directors of the American      Spectator, I became aware of that. It has been alleged that I      was somehow involved in that so-called project. I was not      involved in the project in its origin or its management. . .      . I was on the board of the American Spectator later on when      the allegations about the project were simply that it did      exist.  A carefully crafted answer, like somebody spoiling or somebody maneuvering a kayak through the rocks in a whitewater rapids.  Over the past several weeks and several rounds of questions, Mr. Olson has expanded his initial response to admit that he and his firm provided legal services in connection with the matter, that he had discussions in social settings with those working on Arkansas Project matters, and that he himself authored articles for the magazine paid for out of Scaife's special Arkansas Project fund.  Mr. Olson and his supporters then began to engage in a word game over what the meaning of ``Arkansas Project'' is. His law partner Douglas Cox told the Post that Olson testified that he, ``did not know there was this special fund set up by Scaife to finance this Arkansas fact work.''  That might have explained Mr. Olson's testimony if he had said that at the time he was writing the articles and giving legal advice and talking about these matters with the staff, he had been unaware that those conversations were in connection with what came to be known as the Arkansas Project. In other words, writing and giving legal advice and talking about it, he didn't know what it was for. I think he is far too good a lawyer for that. But that is not what Mr. Olson testified. In fact, he admitted that he became aware of the Arkansas Project at least by 1998, and then changed that testimony to sometime in 1997.  He said he was a member of the board that received an audit of the Scaife funds. So by 2001, his knowledge of the Arkansas Project and the funding by Scaife was undeniable.  Second, evidence uncovered during the committee's limited bipartisan inquiry following the committee vote, raises serious question about whether Mr. Olson accurately denied any role in the ``origin'' of the Arkansas Project by failing to respond correctly to direct questions about a meeting in his law office held in late December, 1993 when this project was getting organized. Not in 2001 but 1993.  Third, Mr. Olson has apparently downplayed his involvement in the development and direction of Arkansas Project stories, perhaps to avoid any inconsistency with his initial representation to the committee that he was not involved in the management of this project.  According to a published report in the Washington Post on May 20, 2001, the report to which Senator Hatch referred when he indicated that ``legitimate questions'' had been raised, David Brock told Post reporters that ``Olson attended a number of dinner meetings at the home of R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr., president and chairman of the Spectator, which were explicitly brainstorming sessions about the Arkansas Project.  While Mr. Olson refused to respond to this allegation, his law partner, Douglas Cox, who worked on the Spectator account, conceded that Olson attended such dinners, but that ``did not mean that he was aware of the scope of the Arkansas Project and the Scaife funding.''  David Brock has also indicated that Mr. Olson was ``directly involved in the Arkansas Project, participating in discussions about possible stories and advising the magazine whether to publish one of its most controversial stories, about the death of Clinton White House deputy counsel Vincent Foster.'' According to the account in the Post, Mr. Olson told Mr. Brock that, ``while he didn't place any stock in the piece, it was worth publishing because the role of the Spectator was to write Clinton scandal stories in hopes of `shaking scandals loose.' ''  That is an interesting position for a lawyer to take: Print a story you know not to be true, hoping that by printing untruths you will somehow bring forward truths. That is not what I was taught in law school, certainly not in our legal ethics courses.  In his response to Senator Hatch, Mr. Olson did not deny Mr. Brock's account head on.  Instead, he wrote that he told Mr. Brock that the article did not appear to be libelous or to raise any legal issues that would preclude its publication, and that he was not going to tell the editor-in-chief what should appear in the magazine.  The Washington Post also reported that others said that project story ideas, legal issues involving the stories, and other directly related matters were discussed with Mr. Olson by staff members and at dinner parties of Spectator staff and board members. The reaction from Mr. Olson's supporters was swift. On May 15, 2001, Chairman Hatch shared with the committee a letter he obtained from the two men quoted denying the specific words in the Post story but not denying that they talked to the Post reporters.  In a blatant effort to undermine Mr. Brock's powerful, first hand recollection of Mr. Olson's participation in and contributions to the activities of the Arkansas Project, Mr. Tyrrell also submitted a statement that Mr. Brock was not a part of the Arkansas Project.  Mr. Brock, in reply, submitted strong contradictory evidence to the Tyrrell statement and supplied the committee with multiple Arkansas Project expense reports, expense reports, I might note, which remain unrefuted and which Mr. Brock states, ``clearly show that I was reimbursed thousands of dollars by the Project for travel, office supplies, postage, and the like.''  Taken as a whole, Mr. Olson was clearly involved and participating both professionally and socially in the work of the American Spectator and its Arkansas Project. There is absolutely nothing illegal about this involvement and participation, which makes me wonder, why not be forthcoming and honest about it? But it shows a larger role in these activities than Mr. Olson initially portrayed.  Mr. Olson also minimized his role in the Arkansas Project and the American Spectator by failing to give complete information about the amount of remuneration he has received for his activities on their behalf when he was first asked. He told us on April 19 that he was paid from $500 to $1,000 for his articles that appeared in the American Spectator magazine. Yet, we find out in the Washington Post on May 10 that his firm was paid over $8,000 for work that was used in just one of those articles.  In addition, the Post reported that over $14,000 was paid to Mr. Olson's law firm and attributed to the Arkansas Project.  When he was asked during his hearing about an article he had coauthored that was published under the pseudonym--I want to make sure I get this right--``Solitary, Poor, Nasty, Brutish and Short'' in the magazine he did not indicate that ``the magazine hired [his] firm to prepare'' such materials and to perform legal research on the theoretical criminal exposure of the President and Mrs. Clinton based on press accounts of their conduct. I, for one, thought Mr. Olson had defended his writings as matters of personal first amendment political expression, an absolute right that he and all of us have. Certainly, I had no idea from his testimony at his confirmation hearing that this article was part of his and his firm's ongoing legal representation of American Spectator Educational Foundation, that it was a commissioned piece of legal writing, paid for by a grant from conservative billionaire Richard Mellon Scaife.  I am now left to wonder whether his article that was so critical of the Attorney General and the Justice Department was as he described them at his hearing the ``statements of a private citizen,'' or another richly paid for political tract.  Again, he, like all of us, can write any kind of a political tract he wants. He, like all of us, can make statements critical of anybody he wants. He can even make outlandish charges. But let's be honest about what we have done when testifying under oath before the Judiciary Committee.  His supporters repeat the mantra that even if he was paid with Arkansas Project funds, Mr. Olson would not have known that. What they leave out is a necessary qualifier ``at the time he received the payment.'' By the time he came to the committee and testified, in answer to direct questions, he had become privy to the internal audit of the Arkansas Project. In fact, he says he became privy to that 3 years ago in 1998. That audit and his knowledge as a board member of the extent of the Arkansas Project that it revealed rendered Mr. Olson's testimony in April, 2001, less than complete.  Having now conceded his involvement in these matters, something he did not do initially, the question arises: How extensive was that involvement as a lawyer? That is why I asked at least for production of his firm's billing records for legal services rendered to the American Spectator, but I was stonewalled on that request. Mr. Olson asserted attorney-client privilege; but he did not offer to cooperate by producing nonprivileged copies of those records.  Every lawyer in this place knows what is privileged and what is not, what falls under attorney-client privilege and what does not. And he did not even want to produce those things that clearly fall outside the attorney-client privilege. In fact, such nonprivileged records have been produced in connection with other Government inquiries. Certainly in the last 6 years, documents have been produced by the bushel to the same Judiciary Committee during other investigations.  As part of the bipartisan inquiry undertaken after the committee vote on this nomination, we became aware of this fact. The independent counsel review and report we were able to read--that was only a small part of it--indicates that requests were made to Mr. Olson and his law firm for billing records for any client that had received Scaife foundation grants between 1992 and 1998 in order to ascertain whether there had ``been an indirect method to compensate (the law firm) for its unpaid representation of Hale.'' That would be David Hale.  Just as here, Mr. Olson's law firm initially invoked attorney-client privilege but realized that ultimately they had to give what were nonprivileged billing records for Mr. Olson. And they showed Mr. Olson's representation of both David Hale and the American Spectator. But the independent counsel was unable to forward those records in response to the bipartisan, joint request for them by Senator Hatch and myself.  So Senator Hatch and I then sent a joint request to Mr. Olson's firm requesting information about the total amount of fees paid by the American Spectator to the firm. Remember, the implication was there really was not anything there. Today, we were informed that the amount paid was not $500 to $1,000 per article the committee was first told by Mr. Olson. Instead, it was for legal services performed $94,405.  I am not a bookkeeper. I was a middling math student. But like most Vermonters, I can count. There is quite a bit of difference between $500 to $1,000 and $94,405.  Mr. Olson has tried to distance himself from the most controversial aspects of the Arkansas Project in its activities to publicize allegations of wrongdoing about the Clintons in Arkansas. Mr. Olson stated that he ``represented the American Spectator in the performance of legal services from time to time beginning in 1994 * * * those legal services were not for the purpose of conducting or assisting in the conduct of investigations of the Clintons.''  Yet, we find out he was paid over $8,000 to prepare a chart outlining the Clintons' criminal exposure as research for a February 1994 article Mr. Olsonco-authored against the Clintons entitled, ``Criminal laws Implicated by the Clinton Scandals: A partial list.''  Finally, Mr. Olson has testified he simply does not recall who contacted him to represent David Hale.  This is a man who has as sharp a mind as just about anybody I have met around here, but he does not recall who contacted him to represent David Hale, a central part of this whole inquiry.  So when I asked Mr. Olson at his April 5 hearing how he came to represent Mr. Hale he started by saying, ``[t]wo of [Hale's] then lawyers contacted me and asked . . .'' A few seconds later Mr. Olson said:       [o]ne of his lawyers contacted me--I can't recall the man's      name--and asked whether I would be available to represent Mr.      Hale in connection with that subpoena here in Washington,      D.C. They felt that they needed Washington counsel with some      experience dealing with a congressional investigation. I did      agree to do that. Mr. Hale and I met together.  Even in his May 9 letter, Mr. Olson asserts that he, ``cannot recall when [he] was first contacted about the possibility of representing Mr. Hale.'' He indicates that he believes, ``that [he] was contacted by a person or persons whose identities [he] cannot presently recall sometime before then regarding whether I might be willing to represent Mr. Hale if he needed representation in Washington.''  The Washington Post reported that David Henderson said that he introduced Hale to Olson. Interestingly, David Henderson apparently signed a statement on May 14 indicating that in his view he broke no law while implementing the Arkansas Project. But what he does not say and what he does not deny is that he was the person who introduced David Hale to Mr. Olson.  The role that David Henderson played in introducing David Hale to Mr. Olson is apparently corroborated by several other witnesses who have spoken to the American Prospect in a story released today.  It now strikes me as strange that a man as capable as Mr. Olson with his vast abilities of recall could not remember the name of David Henderson, if Mr. Henderson was, in fact, involved in setting up that representation.  And it strikes me as doubly strange when the bipartisan inquiry conducted after the committee vote on this nomination uncovered evidence that Mr. Olson was able to recall who introduced him to David Hale just a couple of years ago when he was asked the same question.  The Hale independent counsel report indicates that in 1998 Mr. Olson could supply the name of the person who referred David Hale to him for legal representation.  It leads one to easily wonder whether Mr. Olson's failure to recall the name, David Henderson, in the year 2001 had something to do with him not wanting to indicate the connection to such a central figure in the Arkansas project.  Some would say, what importance is there to this? Does it really matter whether Mr. Olson accurately and fully described his role in the American Spectator and the Arkansas project? This nomination is for the office of Solicitor General. It is important for two reasons, both of which go to the fitness of the nominee to serve as Solicitor General.  The principal question raised by the nomination of Mr. Olson to this particular position--remember, this is a position that is supposed to be nonpolitical, nonpartisan, representing all Americans of whatever political allegiance they have, or whether they have none. The question is whether his partisanship over the last several years in connection with so many far-reaching anti-Clinton efforts to mark Mr. Olson as a thorough-going partisan who will not be able to check his partisan political instincts at the door to the Office of the Solicitor General.  Now, the reason I ask that is we have another nominee before us, Michael Chertoff, and we asked some of these same questions about Michael Chertoff. In that case, the questions were answered, the doubts dissipated. Instead of a 9-9 vote, Mr. Chertoff, had a rollcall vote in committee and it was unanimous; Republicans and Democrats across the political spectrum voted for him. There were Doubts, but the questions about Mr. Chertoff disappeared. But the doubts and questions about Mr. Olson have grown over time.  Had Mr. Olson been straightforward with the committee, had he conceded the extent of his involvement in anti-Clinton activities and given the kinds of assurances that Mr. Chertoff did about his upcoming responsibilities, I could very easily be supporting his confirmation.  Actually, when I first met with Mr. Olson, and even at his hearing before we had a chance to go through all of his answers and see the areas where they didn't show consistency, I had hoped and expected to be supporting him. In fact, I remember saying to someone in my office at that time that I assumed I would be supporting him. I expected to be able to give him the benefit of the doubt.  In light of the deference I normally accord a President's executive branch nominees, I fully expected to be voting for this nomination, just as I voted for so many by the five previous Presidents, both Republican and Democrat.  In the wake of the hearing, the series of supplemental responses we have received, and the unanswered questions now in the public record about Mr. Olson's involvement in partisan activities like the Arkansas project, I have many doubts.  We also have a question of candor and straightforwardness. I have not had the sense from his hearing onward that Mr. Olson has been truly forthcoming with either me or with the committee. My sense is that for some reason he chose from the outset to try to minimize his role in connection with the activities of the American Spectator, that he has sought to characterize it in the most favorable possible light, that he has sought to conclude for us rather than provide us with the facts and let us conclude how to view his activities.  As I review the record and the initial nonresponsiveness, lack of recall, corrections when confronted with specifics, I am left to wonder what happened to ``absolute candor and fair dealing,'' the touchstone that Mr. Olson himself says is necessary for a Solicitor General. In concluding my May 4, 2001, letter to Mr. Olson, I noted:       The credibility of the person appointed to be the Solicitor      General is of paramount importance. When arguing in front of      the Supreme Court on behalf of the United States Government,      the Solicitor General is expected to come forward with both      the strengths and weaknesses of the case, to inform the Court      of things it might not otherwise know, and to be honest in      all his or her dealings with the Court. I expect that same      responsiveness and cooperation from nominees before this      Committee.  My expectation had been to support him. Please understand, this is not the role of a lawyer advocate in our legal system. I have been an advocate of the court, both at the trial level and at the appellate level. I have been there both for the prosecution and for the defense. In private practice, I was there both for the plaintiffs and defendants. You fight like mad. You make as strong a case for your client as you can. That is fine.  The Solicitor General is different. The Solicitor General is sometimes referred to as the tenth justice. He is expected to tell the Court these are the strengths of my case, but let me tell you also where the weaknesses are of my case. If a matter is left out, or there might be a weakness in the case, he is duty-bound to bring it forward to the Court's knowledge because, if confirmed, Mr. Olson is not a lawyer advocate for just one client because that client is the United States of America--all 270 million of us. I want to be sure that our Nation's top lawyer will see the truth and speak the truth fully to the Supreme Court and represent all of our best interests in the matters over which the Solicitor General exercises public authority.  I have confidence that Mr. Olson is an extremely capable lawyer. Of course, I do. Do I have confidence that he can set aside partisanship to thoroughly and evenhandedly represent the United States of America before the Supreme Court? I do not have such confidence, and I cannot vote for him.  Mr. President, how much time remains for the Senator from Vermont?  