President, I am today introducing a simple, yet forceful, bill designed to address a growing problem among school children. I am tired of major soft drink companies trying to take school lunch money away from children.  It is one thing for the school bully to take lunch money from school kids, it is another for Coca-Cola or Pepsi to take it. In some areas, school scoreboards and school uniforms are now plastered with soda ads under exclusive contracts with vending machines all over the place.  According to a report issued by the Center for Science in the Public Interest, 20 years ago boys consumed more than twice as much milk as soda, and girls 50 percent more; now boys and girls consume twice as much soft drink as they do milk.  I had a huge battle with Coca-Cola in 1994 when they tried to derail my child nutrition bill--``The Better Nutrition and Health for Children Act'' because I wanted schools to know they had the right to ban soda vending machines if they chose.  That 1994 controversy began when Coca-Cola sent out letters to school authorities around the country misrepresenting my bill. They were resorting to scare tactics instead of honest debate. The letter sent by Coca-Cola made numerous false allegations including that soft drinks are USDA-approved. That was not, and is still not true.  The controversy now is over exclusive contracts with soda manufacturers so they get to blanket schools with soda vending machines and signs advertising their products. Also, in some schools sodas are actually being given away to children during lunch.  For schools participating in the national school lunch program I want the vending machines turned off during lunch on all school grounds--it is that simple. During lunch, I do not want sodas sold to school children by the school. And the Secretary of Agriculture should carefully consider, based on sound nutritional science, whether to turn off the soda vending machines and stop soft drink sales before lunch.  You don't have to be a scientist to know that eating habits learned in childhood translate into a longer and healthier life. Leaving the vending machines on during lunch sets a bad example, and tempts children to spend their lunch money.  Soft drinks are a $60 billion a year industry. The fancy commercials and big-time advertising rake in huge profits for the soda manufacturers.  Children don't vote, children don't hand out large sums of PAC money, children don't hire expensive lobbyists. But I have always put the welfare of children ahead of corporate profits, and I always will.  Coca-Cola recently announced that they will encourage other soda manufacturers to stop the practice of negotiating exclusive soda contracts with schools. That does not solve the program. The issue is not which company is selling the sodas, but whether the sodas should be sold at all, before and during lunch. Doing away with exclusive contracts could just mean more soda vending machines in schools.  This is not the way for schools to raise money.  My bill would ban the sale of soda and ``pure-sugar'' candies such as cotton candy, gum balls, licorice, and the like, to school children in school during the lunch period and during breakfast. It would also prohibit the practice in some schools of giving away soda during lunch.  For the period after breakfast and before lunch, the bill would mandate that the Secretary of Agriculture take into account the nutritional health of children and design a rule based on ``sound nutritional science'' that could ban the sale (or donation) of sodas and similar high-sugar foods, throughout school property or on some portions of school property. The bill would permit the Secretary to leave the current approach intact--which would allow such sales if the school wanted.  In this nutritional health analysis, the Secretary would have to consider what foods, such as milk or juices, are most likely to be displaced by the consumption of sodas before and during lunch. The Secretary would also have to weigh the low nutritional value of sodas as compared to soda substitutes such as juice or milk.  A recent study published in The Lancet concluded that for each glass of sugar-sweetened drink consumed by a child, their risk of becoming obese increased 1.6 times. It was also recently reported that soda consumption negatively impacts the ability of a child to meet their daily requirements for calcium, vitamin A, and magnesium. Variations in the amount of calcium consumed during childhood can result in decreased bone mass which may lead to a 50 percent greater risk of hip fracture in later years.  I recently heard from one of my constituents on this issue while Jenny Dorman is only in 6th grade, she has a great deal of wisdom for her age. Her letter gets right to the point on this important issue of how soda consumption impacts health. I ask unanimous consent that her letter be included in the Record.  