President, I assure the Senator from Wisconsin, and others who will come with other matters, I will turn over the floor in a few minutes.  Sometimes we take these bills and we move them. We do this bill now, we will do that bill now, and it is fairly routine. Even on this bill--and I have had the privilege of being either chairman or ranking member of this subcommittee for years, handling our foreign aid bill through a number of different administrations, Republican and Democrat. It occurs to me, we have never quite had a time as we do today with this bill. We have never quite had the situation where what happens in other parts of the world might threaten us so directly.  Let me tell my colleagues why I say that. It is not a case where we have this threat of an army marching into the United States or a navy sailing against us. We are too powerful for that. It is partly because of our power and our world status that we have both the good news and the bad news.  Our economy is intricately intertwined with the global economy. Our health depends on our ability and the ability of countries in Africa, Asia, and Latin America to control the spread of deadly infectious diseases. Our security is linked to the spread of nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons, on our ability to stop terrorism, narcotrafficking, and organized crime. These threats are prevalent from as far away as China, to our own cities.  Another less defined threat, but potentially the trigger that ignites many others, is poverty. We are surrounded by a sea of desperate people. Two billion people, a third of the world's inhabitants, live on the edge of starvation. They barely survive on whatever scraps they can scavenge. Oftentimes one sees children in food dumps scavenging for something. Many of the children die before they reach the age of 5. In some countries, they do not even list their births until they are 4 or 5 years old. They wait to see whether the children make it.  This grinding, hopeless, desperate existence, something that is unimaginable for all of us within this Chamber, it is overladen with despair. That despair fuels hatred, fuels fear and violence. We see it on so many continents. We see it today in Pakistan, where thousands of people are threatening to overthrow their own government if that government gives American troops access to Pakistani territory. We see it across Africa, Colombia, and Indonesia. We see it in the form of refugees and people displaced from their homes, and they number in the tens of millions.  The world is on fire in too many places to count, and in most of those flash points poverty and the injustice that perpetuates it are at the root of that instability.  Our foreign assistance programs provide economic support to poor countries, health care to the world's neediest women and children, food and shelter to refugees and victims of natural and manmade disasters, and technical expertise to promote democracy and free markets and human rights and the rule of law. That is the way it should be, when we are so blessed in this Nation with such abundance.  As important as this aid is, the amount we give is a pittance when considered in terms of our wealth and the seriousness of the threats we face. So many countries give so much more.  I can make an argument for the foreign aid bill on national security. I can make an argument for this bill because it helps create American jobs. I can make an argument for this bill because when we eliminate disease, we protect ourselves. The biggest argument I will make for this bill is how can we accept the enormous blessings of this country--we are about 5 percent of the world's population. We are consuming more than half of the world's resources. How can we say we are a moral people if we do not help others?  This goes beyond politics. This goes beyond economics. This goes beyond security. It is a matter of morality; morality to shape our whole nation in the helping of others.  If somebody came up to us today and said look at this child who is going to die of malaria; if you would give us 75 cents or a dollar you would save the child, if you knew it was real and you could save the child, of course you would give that. We do not even give that in these bills.  The approximately $10 billion that we provide in this type of assistance, through the State Department or the U.S. Agency for International Development, the contributions to the World Bank, the U.N. Development Program, the World Food Program, all of that money comes out to well under a dollar a week from us.  The amount that each of us gives does not keep two refugees alive a year. We do not keep up with the number of people living in poverty, which is rising steadily.  I know our economy is suffering and our people are hurting in this country. As much suffering as we have and as hurting as we are, I can show you places where billions of people would trade places with us in a heartbeat.  We will work to help people in our country, as we should, but let us not bury our heads in the sand. We do not protect our national interests in today's complex and dangerous world on a foreign assistance budget that is less in real terms than it was 15 years ago when I was a junior Senator. Our world is not simply our towns and our States and our country. It is the whole world. We live in a global economy.  The Ebola virus is like a terrorist; it is only an airplane flight away from our shores. We can try our best to control our borders, but we cannot hide behind an impenetrable wall. We have to go to the source of the problem; that is, to countries that are failing from AIDS, from ignorance, from poverty, and from injustice. We need a better understanding of the world in which we live.  Almost 60 percent of the world's people live in Asia. That number is growing. Seventy percent of the world's people are nonwhite. Seventy percent are non-Christian. About 5 percent, though, own more than half of the world's wealth. Half the world's people suffer from malnutrition. Can one imagine what a tragedy it would be if we went back to our home States and half of the people of the State were malnourished? Well, half the world's people are.  Seventy percent of the people in this world are illiterate. Instead of $10 billion to combat poverty, support democracy, promote free markets, and the rule of law, and aid victims of disaster, we should be spending $50 billion.  Is it a lot? With a Federal budget of $2 trillion, that depends. We are going to spend more than that just to recover from the September 11 terrorist attacks. We are going to spend a lot more to conduct a campaign against terrorism, and we must. Maybe if we had spent more money in the first place on some of these problems we might not have faced a September 11 terrorist attack. We also have to look at other global problems. Not the problems, thank God, that killed 6,000 Americans in a day, but they have posed immense long-term problems affecting our lives.  Extreme poverty on a massive scale, population growth effects on countries, and the poisoning of our environment are problems we cannot continue to treat as afterthoughts. We cannot spend so little to combat these threats, anymore than we could justify failing to anticipate the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. We cannot solve all the problems. Nobody can.  Maybe one of the positive things that will come from the time of national soul-searching is to think differently about what the future holds in our role in the world. The Senator from Kentucky and I have done our best to respond to these problems, but it is not enough and falls far short. We are not going to do it with a budget that is less than that of a decade ago. Because of that, we fail the American people and we fail future generations.  We say with pride we are a superpower. And I say that with pride. But let's start acting like a superpower, like the leading democracy of the world. Let's reach deep inside of the best of our country. Then let us lead the world in combating poverty and supporting the development of democracy and preserving what is left of the world's natural environment. Let's start paying our share. We have a moral responsibility.  But even if we are not reaching inside ourselves to answer that moral call, give a pragmatic reason why we should not do our share. We are, after all, the Nation with the very most at stake.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Johnson). The Senator from Minnesota.  