 Mr. President, I join with the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee in offering this amendment. As the Senators know, this reauthorizes Department of Justice grants for new Boys and Girls Clubs in each of our 50 States.  This bipartisan amendment authorizes $60 million in Department of Justice grants for each of the next 5 years to establish 1,200 additional Boys and Girls Clubs across the Nation. In fact, this will bring the number of Boys and Girls Clubs to 4,000. That means they will serve approximately 6 million young people by January 1, 2007.  I am very impressed with what I see about the Boys and Girls Clubs as I travel around the country. In 1997, I was very proud to join with Senator Hatch and others to pass bipartisan legislation to authorize grants by the Department of Justice to fund 2,500 Boys and Girls Clubs across the Nation. We got very strong bipartisan support. We increased the Department of Justice grant funding for the Boys and Girls Clubs from $20 million in fiscal year 1998 to $60 million in fiscal year 2001. That is why we have now 2,591 Boys and Girls Clubs in all 50 States and 3.3 million children are served. It is a success story.  I hear from parents certainly across my State how valuable it is to have the Boys and Girls Clubs. I hear it also from police chiefs. In fact, one police chief told me, rather than giving him a couple more police officers, fund a Boys and Girls Club in his district; it would be more beneficial. This long-term Federal commitment has enabled Vermonters to establish six Boys and Girls Clubs--in Brattleboro, Burlington, Montpelier, Randolph, Rutland, and Vergennes. In fact, I believe the Vermont Boys and Girls Clubs have received more than a million dollars from the Department of Justice grants since 1998.  Last week at a Vermont town meeting on heroin prevention and treatment, I was honored to present a check for more than $150,000 in Department of Justice funds to the members of the Burlington club to continue helping young Vermonters find some constructive alternatives for both their talents and energies, because we know that in Vermont and across the Nation Boys and Girls Clubs are proving they are a growing success at preventing crime and supporting young children.  Parents, educators, law enforcement officers, and others know we need safe havens where young people can learn and grow up free from the influence of the drugs and gangs and crime. That is why the Boys and Girls Clubs are so important to our Nation's children. Indeed, the success already in Vermont has led to efforts to create nine more clubs throughout my home State. Continued Federal support would be critical to these expansion efforts in Vermont and in the other 49 States as well.  I was disappointed when the President's budget request called for eliminating funding for Boys and Girls Clubs from the Department of Justice's programs for State and local law enforcement assistance. I realize there was an effort to bring down the budget to compensate for what has been a very large tax cut, but I think this money should have been left in. I think the administration makes a mistake in cutting out the money for the Boys and Girls Clubs.  In fact, based on last year's appropriations, the failure of the Bush administration to request funding for the Department of Justice grants for Boys and Girls Clubs amounts to a $60 million cut in our Federal drug and crime prevention efforts. I have written to the administration. I hope the President will reconsider this decision. I hope he will realize that the Boys and Girls Clubs is not a Democratic initiative or a Republican initiative; this is a commonsense initiative that both parties have endorsed.  Those of us who have children or grandchildren know instinctively how important it is. If we have any doubt, we can just talk to any of the parents in the towns or communities where there are Boys and Girls Clubs; they will tell you how valuable they are. Infact, the Boys and Girls Clubs of America are the most successful youth organization in the country today, according to the Chronicle of Philanthropy.  I worked together on the Senate Judiciary Committee with Attorney General Ashcroft, and I applaud him because he is a big booster of the Boys and Girls Clubs. He spent a lot of his youth at a club in Missouri, he told me.  I am hopeful that the Attorney General will also support additional Department of Justice funding for more Boys and Girls Clubs. He was very helpful to the debate when Senator Harkin and I offered an amendment to add one-half billion dollars to the Department of Justice Department in fiscal year 2002 that would fund programs that assist State and local law enforcement. Our amendment, the Leahy-Harkin law enforcement budget amendment, passed the Senate unanimously. It does continue funding for the Boys and Girls Clubs and their Department of Justice grants.  In fact, the budget resolution conference report retained most of the funding increases in the Leahy-Harkin law enforcement amendment.  I hope the amendment today to reauthorize the Department of Justice grants to the Boys and Girls Clubs of America will clear the way for the administration to endorse Federal funding for this effort. It is something on which Senator Hatch and I have joined forces. We want to demonstrate this is not a Liberal, Conservative, Republican, or Democratic effort. It is a commonsense effort because these clubs make such a real difference in the lives of millions of America's young people.  Mr. President, I see others in the Chamber, and I yield the floor.  