President, we are about to pass the foreign operations conference report for fiscal year 2002. I want to again thank Senator McConnell, Chairman Byrd, and Senator Stevens for their support throughout this process.  I also want to recognize Chairman Kolbe, who worked extraordinarily hard to get this conference report passed in the House, and Congresswoman Lowey, who was extremely helpful. This was a collaborative effort in every sense of the word.  Mr. President, the attacks of September 11th hold important lessons that are relevant to this conference report. They showed us how our security is directly and indirectly linked to events and conditions around the world.  With the exception of the cost of deploying our Armed Forces, the $15.3 billion in this conference report is what we have available to protect our security outside our borders.  These funds are used to combat poverty, which engulfs a third of the world's people who barely survive, and often succumb, on less than $2 per day. The misery, despair and ignorance that poverty breeds is unquestionably one of the reasons for the resentment felt by so many people toward the United States.  The funds in this conference report are used to protect the environment and endangered wildlife, to strengthen democracy and the rule of law, and to help prevent the proliferation of chemical, biological, and nuclear weapons.  We support agriculture research at American universities, and we promote exports through loans and guarantees for American companies competing in foreign markets.  Mr. President, we call these programs ``foreign assistance.'' They are held up as proof of America's generosity. But anyone paying attention can see that is only part of the story. These funds directly, and indirectly, protect our economy, our democracy, our national security. It is in our self-interest, plain and simple.  This conference report contains 1 percent of the total federal budget. On a per capita basis that amounts to about $40 per American citizen per year--the cost of a pair of shoes.  To use another example, next year we plan to spend about $150 million on children's education in poor countries where many children, especially girls, receive only a few years of schooling. That is less than most American cities spend on children's education, yet that is all we have for the whole world.  A year ago, some might have asked what children's education in Afghanistan or other countries has to do with America's security. Today it should be obvious. People who are educated, who can earn money to feed and clothe their families, and participate meaningfully in the political process, are not training to be terrorists.  For years, organizations working on the front lines in poor countries have appealed to the Congress and the administration to significantly increase the amount of funding to address the inter-related problems of population growth, poverty, political and economic instability, corruption, environmental degradation, narco-trafficking, and terrorism. Year after year, the Congress and the administration have turned a deaf ear.  Is it any wonder that Afghanistan today is a destroyed country that became a haven for terrorists?  Part of the problem is misconceptions about the foreign operations budget. People think it's some kind of give-away, when in fact, we use it to protect our security.  Mr. President, since September 11th, a large majority of the American public, and a broad, bipartisan cross-section of Members of Congress--Democrats and Republicans, liberals and conservatives--have called for substantial increases in funding to address the causes of poverty and disillusionment that persists not only in many Muslin countries, but among a third of the world's population.  We can no longer pretend that spending 1 percent of our $2 trillion Federal budget is a serious response to these national security needs. The widening gap between rich and poor nations is the best evidence of that.  Many have made these points before. Today they are a common refrain. Senators Feinstein, Gordon Smith, and I have introduced a resolution calling for tripling the foreign assistance budget. Others have proposed similar legislation. There have been numerous speeches, editorials, and other commentary.  Yet we have yet to see any effective response from the political process. Our foreign assistance budget--I would prefer to call it our international security budget--has fallen in real terms since the 1980s. Rumor has it that the President's fiscal year 2003 budget request for International Affairs will be at about the fiscal year 2002 level--in other words, business as usual, despite the lessons of September 11.  That would be extraordinary short sighted. We cannot possibly deal a lasting blow to international terrorism without a multi-prong strategy--addressing the social and economic causes of terrorism and conflict with foreign assistance, diplomacy, and law enforcement, and when necessary, military force.  Mr. President, the security of an American citizen is worth a lot more than the price of a pair of shoes, yet that is how much we are spending on the prevention part of this strategy. It is, frankly, ludicrous.  We argue over a few million dollars to alleviate the suffering in refugee camps, which are fertile grounds for terrorist recruits. We debate about another $5 or $10 million to help theworld's poorest families start businesses, to work their way out of poverty. We rob Peter to pay Paul to get a few more millions for children's education or programs to improve health care. We struggle, year after year, to increase funding for family planning and reproductive health to the level it was six years ago.  Have we so soon forgotten the lessons of September 11? We are the richest, most powerful nation in history, yet we continue to act as though the rest of the world barely matters to us.  We cannot put those lessons into effect without Presidential leadership. If President Bush, today, were to ask every American to support a tripling of our foreign operations budget, and he explained why it is important too our national security and to combating international terrorism, does anyone think the Congress would not respond or that the public would object? The polls show unequivocally that the public understands these issues.  This conference report is the best we could do with what we had, and we owe a debt of gratitude to Chairman Byrd and Senator Stevens. But we need a multi-prong strategy if we are going to combat international terrorism and protect our other security around the world. I hope someone in the White House is listening, because this is what the President should be saying to America and the world.  Mr. President, I want to briefly mention a few of the important provisions in this conference report.  It provides sufficient funding for the Export Import Bank to support export financing well above the fiscal year 2000 level. This is of great importance to American companies who compete for markets in developing countries.  It provides increases for the Foreign Military Financing and International Military Education and Training programs.  It includes additional funding for international peacekeeping and for assistance for the former Yugoslavia, including Serbia, Montenegro, and Macedonia.  It includes $475 million for the prevention and treatment of HIV/AIDS, including $50 million for the Global Fund to combat AIDS, TB and malaria. This falls short of what our country should be providing, but it is a significant increase above last year's level.  The conference report also increases funding for other infectious disease and children's health programs. These programs are desperately needed to strengthen the capacity of developing countries to conduct surveillance and respond to diseases like polio and measles. But they are equally important for combating the spread of biological agents used in acts of terrorism, like anthrax.  It includes $625 million for the Andean Counterdrug Initiative. This is in addition to the $1.3 billion for Plan Colombia that we appropriated last year. We include several conditions on our assistance to the Colombian Armed Forces, and on the aerial spraying of chemical herbicides which are used to eradicate coca.  The conference report provides $34 million for the UN Population Fund, and $446.5 million for USAID's family planning and reproductive health programs. Although still less than what the United States was providing for these activities in the mid-1990's, it is an increase above the fiscal year 2001 level. With 100 million new births each year--95 percent of which are in developing countries many of which cannot feed their people today, these programs are of vital importance in combating poverty.  The conference report contains the usual earmarks for the Middle East countries. It also continues various limitations or restrictions on assistance to several governments beyond those I have already mentioned, where there is a history of corruption or human rights violations that have gone unpunished.  Mr. President, I want to again thank Senator McConnell for his invaluable help.  