I agree with him. The conservation title of the Harkin bill is there to help mitigate western water conflicts.  I have been on the Agriculture Committee for 26 years now. It was the first committee I went on when I came here. I have heard a lot of the debates on conservation practices and on water matters. We get concerned about water in the East for different reasons than they do in the West.  We have heard the comments of my friend from Montana. My home in Vermont has a well. We live on a dirt road. We have to provide our own water. We are certainly very careful about protecting the water we have. Our home had once been a farm. They had to have water for the cattle. We know what it is.  This is not a case where you are going to willy-nilly transfer water away. In fact, under the amendment that the Senator from Nevada, Mr. Reid, has proposed to the Harkin bill, it provides specifically that the State law is paramount. In other words, if Nevada or Montana or anywhere else has a water transfer law, then nothing happens unless it is approved under the State law. It is not a case where the Federal Government just comes over and takes over things.  This proposal is here to make sure we plan before we are in trouble, before we are in a drought situation. When you get into a drought situation, when you have those kinds of problems, there is not an awful lot you can do to help farmers or alleviate their economic impact, or, for that matter, the regional impact on farmers because they fail.  So what this amendment would do is try to create those kinds of programs that would help lessen water conflicts--not for the good years, because in the good years there aren't any conflicts. In the good years, everybody has plenty of water; nobody really thinks about it. This is the plan for those drought years. It is almost the biblical 7 fat years and 7 lean years.  The Water Conservation Program that is included in Chairman Harkin's bill is the first tool we will have in the Federal farm policy to actually address the program. This program actually is very familiar. Most farmers know about the CRP program, the Conservation Reserve Program. Farmers know that program. The program is extremely popular. This follows it. In fact, under the new water conservation program, a farmer could enroll land in the program, reducing farming on that land, but it is totally voluntary. This is not something where Big Brother comes in saying you to have do it. It is totally voluntary. You can't transfer anything anyway if your State has already passed a law saying you can't.  It is really designed to put as much power in the hands of the farmer as their own State would allow. Instead of focusing on wildlife, for example, wildlife improvements on the land, the farmer could agree to transfer the water associated with that land to provide water for fish and other wildlife, something that those who hunt, fish, or just are concerned with the environment should like very much.  It actually operates basically the same way as every other conservation program in this bill. All the protections have been built in here, protections of saying that you can't override State law. You have to make it voluntary. The farmers and ranchers themselves are going to make these decisions. We have done this in CRP.  We have done the Conservation Reserve Program in the past. That has proved very popular. I have some very careful farmers in my State, good Yankee stock. They want to make darn sure they are doing something that protects the farmers' sons and daughters afterwards. They sign up for the CRP because they know it works.  I know the Senator from California is here. I yield to the Senator from California.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Dayton). The Senator yields the floor for a question.  