President, I strongly oppose the amendment offered by the senior Senator from North Carolina on the International Criminal Court.  In addition to being damaging to the cause of international justice, this amendment could not come at a worse time. The administration is moving heaven and earth to maintain a coalition against terrorism and hold accountable those responsible for some of the most heinous acts ever committed on American soil. As a Congress, we are working to stay united on foreign policy and support the Administration in this effort. Over the past several months, Senators from both sides of the aisle have withheld from offering controversial foreign policy amendments on topics from missile defense to the embargo against Cuba. It is unfortunate that the Senator from North Carolina has chosen to offer an amendment that ignites strong feelings from its supporters and opponents, alike.  The ICC is a divisive issue between the United States and our closest allies. Virtually every member of the European Union and NATO has expressed its strong support for the court. In fact, Great Britain, our closest ally and full partner in the ongoing military effort against the Taliban, ratified the Treaty earlier this fall. Morever, the EU recently sent a letter to SecretaryPowell opposing ASPA which reads: ``. . . States which support the court and value their relations with the United States should not have to make a choice between the two.''  At a time when we should be working to resolve differences with our friends, the Helms amendment does exactly the opposite by inflaming these divisions and forcing the United States to adopt an openly hostile stance against the ICC.  I want to mention just a few of the specific problems with this amendment. First, the amendment authorizes the use of force to free officials from not only the United States but also from foreign countries, if they are indicted and held by the court. Let me repeat that: This amendment authorizes the use of military force by the United States, from now until the end of time, to free foreign not only United States citizens, if they are in the court's custody.  While these nations are important allies, suppose some members of their militaries or intelligence services commit heinous crimes that fall within the jurisdiction of the court and are being rightfully detained? As a Congress do we want to authorize a military invasion of The Hague, risking the lives of United States military personnel, to free indicted war criminals? The Helms amendment would cut off military assistance to a number of nations, including Tajikistan and South Africa.  What if we wanted to upgrade an aircraft control tower in Tajikistan to help land United States planes that are carrying United States troops to Afghanistan? What about providing military assistance to South Africa to help spearhead a peacekeeping mission in Africa to which we did not want to commit United States troops?  What about providing C-130 spare parts to a Nation that has ratified the ICC treaty, but wants to help airlift humanitarian aid to a region effected by famine? In addition, the amendment makes America a potential safe haven for war criminals by prohibiting the United States from turning over indicted war criminals residing on our soil. It would also place restrictions on United States participation in peacekeeping missions.  We all want to pass legislation that will enhance the safety and security of our military personnel. But, this bill increases tensions with our allies and works against our efforts to maintain a coalition against terrorism. If anything, this will make our military personnel less safe.  If the goal of this amendment is to prevent the International Criminal Court from getting the necessary ratifications to come into existence, it is almost certain to fail. It would require a head-to-head confrontation with our European allies and over 80 countries outside of Europe that have signed, but not yet ratified the treaty, and require us to be almost 100 percent successful. More importantly, the United States, to which the whole world looks for leadership on human rights, should not be engaged in a fruitless effort to undermine a court that will bring to justice those responsible for committing war crimes, genocide, and crimes against humanity.  Instead, we should be actively engaged with the court to ensure that it operates in a way that protects the rights of American servicemembers and promotes our values and interests.  The Senator from North Carolina is the ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, and that is where this amendment belongs.  This is the wrong amendment at the wrong time. I urge my colleagues to vote no.  