President, I rise today to oppose the tax reconciliation bill being considered by the Senate today. I believe Vermonters and all Americans deserve tax relief, but we need to have a fiscally responsible tax package that benefits everyone. We do not need one that is so large, so likely to result once again in budget deficits, so full of budgetary gimmicks, and so skewed toward the wealthy.  If we are serious about passing a tax cut bill to provide needed relief to all Americans we should be lowering the tax rate for low- and medium-income people, making the child tax credit fully refundable, eliminating the marriage penalty tax immediately, creating an R tax credit, increasing IRA and pension contributions, and allowing for greater college tuition credits. Unfortunately, we are delaying all of these important tax relief components in order to shoehorn a massive rate reduction for the wealthiest Americans into this bill. It also pays for this massive tax plan at the expense of needed investments in Social Security, Medicare, education, the environment, and paying off the national debt.  I am one of five Senators still in the Senate who voted against the Reagan tax plan in 1981. We saw what happened there: We had a huge tax cut, defense spending boomed, and the national debt quadrupled. The tax plan was popular but it was wrong. America should not move backward in that direction.  This tax plan is too large. I voted for a responsible tax cut plan targeted to help the low- and medium-income people of this country who need tax relief the most. The $900 billion alternative I supported offered immediate tax refund checks to help boost the economy and help Americans pay for higher gasoline and energy prices, rate reductions for all income taxpayers, marriage penalty relief to start immediately, a partially refundable child tax credit, tuition tax deductibility to make college more affordable for middle class families and a major effort to modernize our public schools, a comprehensive package of retirement savings incentives to increase IRA and pension contributions and encourage small business to set up pension funds for their employees, a permanent extension of the $10,000 adoption tax credit, health insurance deduction for the self-employed, responsible estate tax relief, a permanentR tax credit, and elimination of the alternative minimum tax, AMT, for people with income up to $80,000. Unfortunately, the majority refused to seriously consider this offer to provide reasonable tax relief to working men and women and their families.  This tax plan is not fiscally responsible. We should keep in mind the inherent risks of forecasting budget surpluses ten years into the future. The President has argued that the surplus will be around $1.6 trillion and that all of that should go toward tax cuts. And most of the tax cuts in this bill come in the second 5 years of the 10-year plan. Setting aside the argument of how to spend that much money, is it really available? The predictions used to calculate $1.6 trillion were based on the U.S. economy expanding at an annual rate of 4 percent from 2000-2010. I think we know from the current economic slowdown that our economy is growing nowhere near 4 percent, if at all, right now. That is a big yellow flag that these assumptions are wrong. Focusing on budget predictions 10 years in the future is exceptionally risky and does not allow businesses and individuals to properly plan long-term.  This tax plan does not address our enormous Federal debt. Whatever surplus our Nation now enjoys should be used to pay down the $5.7 trillion gross Federal debt burden our country still carries. The Federal Government has to pay almost $900 million in interest every working day on this national debt. Paying off our debt will help sustain our sound economy by keeping interest rates low. I want to leave a legacy for our children and grandchildren of a debt-free Nation.  This tax plan is slanted toward the wealthiest among us. The original tax plan proposed by the President provides nearly half of that $1.6 trillion tax cut to the wealthiest in our country. We are sacrificing real tax relief to working families in this country for rate reductions to the wealthy. We should focus on enacting a responsible plan that will benefit the broadest number of people by reducing taxes to low- and medium-income people. By focusing only on income tax rate reductions, this tax cut plan leaves out millions of taxpayers who do not pay Federal income taxes but who do pay payroll taxes. In Vermont, there are 23,000 families who do not pay Federal income taxes. But 82 percent of those families do pay payroll taxes. For the vast majority of taxpayers, payroll taxes generate the largest tax burden, and yet this plan does not touch payroll taxes.  This tax plan has not been thoroughly reviewed and is full of budgetary gimmicks designed to mask the true effects of the bill. There are many unforeseen consequences of this tax bill that we should take into account before enacting this massive tax cut. However, with Republicans pushing to get this bill done by Memorial Day, there is great pressure to ram through a $1.35 trillion tax cut without a full review of all the proposals.  The New York Times has reported that one unanticipated effect of full repeal of estate tax may be greater capital gains taxes for most estates. After 2011, when the estate tax will be repealed, capital gains taxes would be owed on everything inherited above $1.3 million. As the Times reporter said:       Presumably, the drafters of the legislation did not worry      if all the pieces did not fit together in a coherent package      because they were primarily interested in getting a bill on      the table for debate.  States that tie their State tax returns to Federal returns are going to be hurt by the lost Federal revenues. Vermont's tax system is one of three in the nation in which taxpayers use their Federal tax bill to calculate their State income taxes. It is a simple system, but it is affected by every little tax change at the Federal level. In effect, a massive Federal tax cut leads to a massive State tax cut. According to Vermont State economists, the State stands to lose $506 million over the next ten years because of this tax bill. In FY 2002 alone, Vermont will lose $35.7 million. The conservative Heritage Foundation has estimated that Vermont may lose up to $1.5 billion because of this huge tax cut. This is a very large amount of money for a State whose population is only 609,000. How will the State make up these lost revenues?  Vermont was hurt 20 years ago when Congress last considered a massive tax cut. Those rewrites to the Federal Tax Code put the State in red ink for years. As the red ink grew, an emergency tax study group assembled by the Governor found that between 1982 and 1987 the State stood to lose $300 million because of the Reagan tax cut. Now we will be putting Vermont back in a similar situation. As our Governor has already warned, without raising State taxes to make up for Federal loses, Vermont will once again see major deficits.  This tax bill also asks States to pay for repealing the Federal estate tax by abruptly ending payments from Federal estate tax revenue that are now shared with the States. This bill will cut by half the Federal credit that States receive for the Federal estate taxes that are collected and will deny States between $50 billion and $100 billion over 10 years, or as much as two-thirds of the cost of the estate tax repeal in the bill.  Another anomaly of this bill is the way the AMT is calculated. While Democrats hoped to exempt people who make under $100,000 from AMT permanently, Republicans only want to slightly increase the exemption for 4 years from 2002 to 2006. The Republican plan would cause 39.6 million taxpayers to be subject to the AMT by 2011. Clearly this flies in the face of the original intent of the AMT, which was to ensure that wealthy taxpayers cannot make use of tax breaks to eliminate much or all of their tax liability. The tax bill will force more and more middle-class taxpayers to pay a tax that was meant to reach very few, well-off taxpayers.  I do not like the marriage penalty and think it is poor public policy. While this bill does contain two provisions designed to provide marriage penalty relief, it makes couples wait 5 years for that relief. While the rate cuts in upper-income tax brackets take effect next year, married couples will have to wait until 2005 to get relief and until 2010 until full repeal is fully phased in. This is 3 years after the upper income bracket rate cuts are fully effective.  After years of hard choices, we have balanced the budget and started building surpluses. Now we must make responsible choices for the future. Our top priorities should be paying off the national debt, saving Social Security, creating a real Medicare prescription drug benefit, protecting domestic spending programs, and passing a fair and responsible tax cut.  This tax bill falls far short of these priorities. It uses gimmicks to hide the bill's true costs. It provides no marriage penalty relief for five years. It contains no immediate tax refund to stimulate the economy. It has a hidden tax increase on the middle-class through the AMT. And its costs explode after 10 years, just as the baby boom generation begins to retire. For the sake of our economy and the working families of America, I will vote against this tax cut bill.  