President, I thank the distinguished senior Senator from Utah for his comments. Senator Hatch and I, over the last generation, have spent a great deal of time with each other on a many issues, on numerous committees, especially the Judiciary Committee. But we have spent so much time together on this, we even appear to be coordinating wardrobes with gray suits and blue shirts today. But I appreciate his help.  I appreciate so many who helped on crafting and moving forward with this legislation. I thank our leader, Senator Daschle. It would have been impossible for us to be here at this point without his steadfast commitment to the committee system and his willingness to have the committee work diligently to improve the legislation initially presented by the Administration. On my behalf and on behalf of the American people, I want to publicly acknowledge his vital role in this legislation. Senator Reid has also provided valuable counsel and assistance as we have moved first the original Senate USA Act, S. 1510, and now the House-passed bill, H.R. 3162.  Many others also helped us: Senator Hatch and Senator Specter and Senator Grassley and Senator Durbin, Senator Schumer, Senator Cantwell, and so many others on the Judiciary committee.  I said many times we are merely constitutional impediments to staff.  In particular, I want to thank Mark Childress and Andrea LaRue on the staff of Majority Leader Daschle, and David Hoppe on the staff of Republican Leader Lott. I would also like to thank Markan Delrahim, Jeff Taylor, Stuart Nash, and Leah Belaire with Senator Hatch, the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, Melody Barnes and Esther Olavarria with Senator Kennedy, Neil McBride, and Eric Rosen with Senator Biden, Bob Schiff with Senator Feingold, and Stacy Baird and Beth Stein with Senator Cantwell. I also want to thank Bill Jensen of the Legislative Counsel's office.  Finally, I would like to thank my own Judiciary Committee staff, especially Bruce Cohen, Beryl Howell, Julie Katzman, Ed Pagano, John Elliff, David James, Ed Barron, Tim Lynch, Susan Davies, Liz McMahon, Manu Bhardwaj, and Tara Magner. These are people who are more than just accomplished Senate staffs, they are close personal friends.  I think of the way they have worked, also, with personal office staff such as Luke Albee, J.P. Dowd, David Carle, and others. These are dear friends, but they are also people who bring such enormous expertise--expertise they had in their other careers before they came to the Senate, and how helpful this is.  Mr. President, we are about to vote and we will vote in a matter of minutes. I want us to think just for a moment why we are here. We have allshared the sadness, the horror of September 11. We are seeing Members of Congress and staffs threatened, tragic deaths in the Postal Service, those who died in the Pentagon, those who died at the Twin Towers.  It is also almost a cliche to say America under attack, but that is what it is. Each of us has a job helping to respond to that. We are not Republicans or Democrats in that, we are Americans preserving our Nation and preserving our democracy. But, you know, we preserve it not just for today, we preserve it for the long run. That presents the kind of questions we have to answer in a bill such as this.  I suspect terrorist threats against the United States will exist after all of us, all 100 of us, are no longer serving in the Senate. It is a fact of life. It will come from people who hate our democracy, hate our diversity, hate our success. But that doesn't mean we are going to stop our democracy, our diversity, or our success.  Think what we cherish in this Nation. Our first amendment, for example, giving us the right to speak out about what we want--as we want. How many countries even begin to give that freedom?  Also, in that same first amendment, the right to practice any religion we want, or none if we want.  The leaders of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Hatch and I, belong to different religions which we hold deeply. I think we gain a great deal of inner strength from our respective faiths. But we know we are not judged by our religion. That is something we must protect and hold. We are judged by how well we do in representing our States and our Nation.  Because we face terrible terrorist attacks today, we should not succumb tomorrow by giving up what makes us a great nation. That has been my benchmark throughout the work I have done in this bill.  I spoke of the people who bring so much to this. I was just talking with Beryl Howell, a brilliant lawyer, who, with Bruce Cohen, has led our team on all this. She is a former prosecutor. How much she learned from her prior experiences and how much she brought here. Bruce Cohen, who was in private practice and came here, probably is as knowledgeable about Senate practice as anybody I know of, and he has brought that knowledge here. There are so many others I could name.  I have to think of my own case. Probably my 26 years here in the Senate, in many ways led up to this moment because I have never brought more of my own experiences or knowledge to bear than on this.  There was a rush, an understandable and even, some may say, justifiable rush, to pass legislation immediately after these terrible events. I understand that, the United States having been attacked within our borders for the first time, really, by an outside power since the War of 1812--attacked terribly, devastatingly. Who can forget the pictures we saw over and over again on television?  So I can understand the rush to do something, anything. But I used every bit of credibility I had as a Senator to say, wait, let us take time. I applaud people such as Senator Daschle who, using his great power as majority leader, said we will take the time to do this right, and backed me up on this. Other Senators from both sides of the aisle said, OK, let's work together.  I know the Senator from Utah shared the same anger that I did at the terrorists, and perhaps had been reluctant at first to join with me on that. But then the Senator from Utah and I worked day and night, weekends, evenings, and everything else to put together the best possible bill.  We worked with our friends and our colleagues in both parties in the other body. Ultimately, we do nothing to protect America if we pass a bill which for short-term solutions gives us long-term pain by destroying our Constitution or our rights as Americans.  There are tough measures in this legislation. Some may even push the envelope to the extent that we worry. That is why we put in a 4-year sunset. We have also built in constitutional checks and balances within the court system and within even some of the same agencies that will be given new enforcement powers. But we also will not forget our rights and responsibilities and our role as U.S. Senators.  We will not forget our role and our responsibilities as Senators to do oversight. Senator Hatch and I are committed to that. We will bring the best people from both sides of aisle, across the political spectrum, to conduct effective oversight.  I have notified Attorney General Ashcroft and Director Mueller that we will do that to make sure these powers are used within the constitutional framework to protect all of us. I said earlier on this floor what Benjamin Franklin said: that the people who would trade their liberties for security and deserve neither.  We will enhance our security in this bill, but we will preserve our liberties. How could any one of us who have taken an oath of office to protect the Constitution do otherwise?  Like the distinguished Presiding Officer, I have held different elective offices. As the distinguished Presiding Officer knows, we take seriously our duties and our roles in each of those. He was a Member of the House and was the Governor of one of the original 13 States. I was a prosecutor and am a U.S. Senator from the 14th State. But all of us take this responsibility, because none of us are going to be here forever.  I want to be able to look back at my time in the U.S. Senate and be able to tell my children, my grandchildren, and my friends and neighbors in Vermont--the State I love so much--that I came home having done my best.  We have so much in this country--so much. But it is our rights and our Constitution that give us everything we have, which allows us to use the genius of so many people who come from different backgrounds and different parts of the world. That makes us stronger. We become weak if we cut back on those rights.  We have had some difficult times in our Nation where we have not resisted the temptation to cut back. Here we have. The American people will know that this Congress has worked hard to protect us with this bill.  I will vote for this legislation knowing that we will continue to do our duty, and to follow it carefully to make sure that these new powers are used within our Constitution.  I suggest that all time be yielded, and that we be prepared to vote. I ask for the yeas and nays.  