President, I am proud, once again, to rise and offer my support for the Rural Rental Housing Act. This important legislation will help reaffirm the federal government's commitment to provide quality affordable housing in rural areas. I joined Senator Edwards in introducing this bill last year, and look forward to the opportunity to debate this issue in the 107th Congress.  The need for a new federal program to encourage production, rehabilitation and acquisition of rural rental housing has never been more evident than it is today. Families in small towns across the country find themselves with fewer and fewer options for a safe and affordable place to live. In my home state of Vermont, like many other states across the country, housing costs have soared out of reach of most low-income families and rental vacancy rates have fallen to alarmingly low levels. For those people fortunate enough to find an available apartment it is increasingly difficult to afford the rent the market demands.  Despite this trend, the federal government has continued to scale back their commitment to rural housing programs over the last decade. Money for production has dropped nearly 88 percent since 1990, and funding for subsidized housing has fallen by 73 percent since 1994. This decline has made it incredibly difficult to maintain the existing housing stock, little less produce the number of units need to meet demand. In Vermont four thousand rental units were built with federal assistance between 1976 and 1985, but during the next ten years this number fell to under two thousand--nearly half of what was produced the decade before, despite the rising need. Nationwide it is estimated that nearly 2.6 millionhouseholds live in substandard conditions, often without proper plumbing, heat or electricity.  The Rural Rental Housing Act will provide $250 million dollars for a new matching federal grant program to address this situation. These funds will complement existing programs run by the Rural Housing Service at Department of Agriculture and will be used in a variety of ways to increase the supply, the affordability, and the quality of housing for the most needy residents, the lowest income families and our elderly citizens. Most importantly, this program is designed to be administered at the state and local level and to encourage public-private partnerships to best address the unique needs of each state.  I think it is time for the Senate to take action to address the needs of our country's most rural populations. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill and I encourage my colleagues to add their support.  