Not only 14, but we have been doing U.S. attorneys as fast as they have come in--26 so far for the year. At times when we have gone to a markup for U.S. attorneys, the White House wouldn't even send up their material. We had my staff working until 3 in the morning to help them complete--for President Bush's nominees, to help them complete their paperwork to get it through. We are still waiting for them to send up the U.S. marshals. In 26 years, I have never known any President, Republican or Democrat, to take this long.  And as the Senator from Nevada said, during the half a year the Republicans controlled the Senate, of course, they didn't have a single judicial confirmation hearing. They didn't confirm a single judge. We are now, of course, confirming them much faster than they were confirmed during the first year of the Clinton term or the first year of former President Bush's term. Actually, as I recall, when the Republicans controlled the Senate during the Clinton years, we had 34 months that they didn't even have hearings on judges.  We have been doing hearings every single month, whether we are in recess or not. So I suppose I could take a partisan attitude and say we will go as slowly on judges as they did with President Clinton. I thought that was unfair then; of course it is unfair now. I have no intention of taking the irresponsible position my Republicans colleagues did during that time.  What we are doing is debating a motion to proceed to the foreign operations appropriations bill. Senators have asked me earlier: Is all our Middle East money in the foreign operations bill? Yes, it is.  Is money in there for such things as President Bush has talked about; for example, for aid to the Afghan people? Yes, some of that is in that bill.  Some have asked me if the money we provide to countries we have been calling on to stand up for the United States during this time--some of that money is in this bill that the other side wants to hold up. An amazing fact, Mr. President. Everywhere President Bush has said we want to help and work together, and we want your help; and we want to help you, I say to the leaders, that money the President is talking about, which he wants us to support him on, guess what. It is in this bill.  I suspect that all Democrats are going to vote to go forward. We want to give the President the money he needs to help in this effort against terrorism. I am amazed that some Senators want to stop the President from getting that money. If they vote against going forward, then he will not get it. That is why I am amazed to find--I read in one of the papers, Republican Senators would hold up this bill--the bill that funds our foreign policy--at a time when the President of the United States is going around the world asking for support. It makes no sense.  Every Senator has a right to vote the way he or she wants. But I can imagine what would be said if Democrats had ever done that to any President--Republican or Democrat. They would probably be calling for our impeachment.  