President, today's passage of the Bipartisan Patient Protection Act marks a major step forward in the struggle for a meaningful Patients' Bill of Rights. I am hopeful that with the adoption of this landmark legislation, patients throughout the country can feel a sense of relief knowing their rights will now be protected.  Over the past two decades, our Nation's healthcare delivery system has seen a seismic transformation. Rapidly rising healthcare costs have encouraged the development and expansion of managed care organizations, specifically health maintenance organizations. Unfortunately, the zealous efforts of HMOs to contain these costs have ended up compromising patient care and stripping away much of the authority of doctors to make decisions about the best care for their patients.  During the past several years, many Vermonters have let me know about the problems they face when seeking health care for themselves and their families. Like most Americans, they want: greater access to specialists; the freedom to continue to be treated by their own doctors, even if they switch health plans; health care providers, not accounting clerks at HMOs, to make decisions about their care and treatment; HMOs to be held accountable for their negligence.  The Bipartisan Patient Protection Act is the solution that Americans have called for--patient protections that cover all Americans in all health plans by ensuring the medical needs of patients are not secondary to the bottom line of their HMO.  Too many times, I have heard from Vermonters who have faced difficulty in accessing the most appropriate healthcare professional to meet their needs. This legislation will solve that problem by giving Vermonters--and all Americans who suffer from life-threatening, degenerative and disabling conditions--the right to access standing referrals to specialists, so they do not have to make unnecessary visits to their primary care physician for repeated referrals. These patients will also be able to designate a specialist as their primary care physician, if that person is best able to coordinate their care.  This legislation makes important strides in allowing patients access to a health care provider outside of their plan when their own plan's network of physicians does not include a specialist that can provide them the care they need. This provision is especially important for rural areas, like many parts of Vermont, which tend to not have an excess of health care providers. Women will now be able to have direct access to their OB/GYN and pediatricians can be designated as primary care providers for children.  If an individual gets hurt and needs unexpected emergency medical care, the Bipartisan Patient Protection Act takes important steps to ensure access to emergency room care without a referral. If a woman is suffering from breast cancer, this bill will protect her right to have the routine costs of participation in a potentially life-saving clinical trial covered by her plan. This bill puts into place a wide range of additional protections that are essential to allowing doctors to provide the best care they can and to allow patients to receive the services they deserve.  Many of our States have already adopted patient protection laws. My home State of Vermont is one state that currently has a comprehensive framework of protections in place. This Federal legislation will not prohibit Vermont or any other state from maintaining or further developing their own patient protections so long as the laws are comparable to the Federal standard. I am pleased that this bill will allow states like Vermont to maintain many of their innovative efforts, while also ensuring that patients in states that currently have no laws in place will receive the basic protections they deserve.  Each of the important protections I have highlighted will only be meaningful if HMOs are held accountable for their decisions. The key to enforcing these patient protections rests in strong liability provisions that complement an effective and responsive appeals process. The Bipartisan Patient Protection Act provides patients with the right to hold their HMO liable for decisions that result in irreparable harm or death. Managed care organizations are one of the very few parties in this country that are shielded from being held accountable for their bad decisions. The time has come for that to change. Opponents of patients' rights legislation have been vocal in suggesting that by allowing patients to hold HMOs liable in court, there will be an explosion of lawsuits, causing the costs of healthcare insurance to skyrocket. This has not been the case in states like Texas, that have already enacted strong patient protections. Rather, it has been shown that most cases are resolved through the external appeals process and that only a very small fraction of cases ever reach the court room. Under this legislation, a patient must exhaust all internal and external appeals before going to court.  I have heard from many Vermonters concerned about the potential impact of new HMO liability provisions on employers. I am disappointed that the opponents of this legislation have exploited and misrepresented this part of the bill. Rather than attempting to alleviate concerns by explaining the liability provisions, they have instead resorted to a scare tactic strategy. If you listen to some opponents of thisbill, you would think that any employer who offers health coverage will be sued. I would like to take this opportunity to clarify some of the facts.  The Bipartisan Patient Protection Act protects employers with a strong shield that only makes the employer accountable when he or she directly participates in health treatment decisions. The bill also clearly states that employers cannot be held responsible for the actions of managed care companies unless they actively make the decision to deny a health care service to a patient. This only occurs in about five percent of businesses --generally those employers large enough to run their own health plan. Those few companies that directly participate in the decision to deny a health care benefit to a patient, should accept legal responsibility for those decisions.  After nearly 5 years of debate in Congress, the American people are finally closing in on the patients' rights and protections they deserve. But there is still more work to be done. The House of Representatives must consider this important issue in a timely manner and I am hopeful their bill will include provisions similar to the bipartisan patient protection legislation passed in the Senate. Most importantly, I am hopeful that President Bush will hear the voices of Americans and not those of the special interests and their well-financed lobbyists, and sign this important legislation into law. The American people have spoken; the time for enacting strong patient protections is long overdue.  