President, I must oppose this budget resolution conference report because it is an irresponsible gamble with our economic future. Despite the best efforts of the Senate to reduce the President's risky tax cut plan, this conference report does not adequately protect the interests of low- and medium-income American men, women, and children.  This resolution sets aside trillions of projected budget surpluses for tax cuts proposed by President Bush that are steeply tilted to the wealthy. It pays for the Bush tax plan at the expense of needed investments in Social Security, Medicare, education, and the environment. In addition, the cost of the Bush tax plan imperils our ability to pay off the national debt so that this nation can finally be debt free by the end of the decade.  We should remember that the nation still carries the burden of a national debt of $3.4 trillion. Like someone who had finally paid off his or her credit card balance but still has a home mortgage, the federal government has finally balanced its annual budget, but we still have a national debt to pay off. In the meantime, the Federal government has to pay almost $900 million in interest every working day on this national debt.  Paying off our national debt will help to sustain our sound economy by keeping interest rates low. Vermonters gain ground with lower mortgage costs, car payments and credit card charges with low interest rates. In addition, small business owners in Vermont can invest, expand and create jobs with low interest rates.  I want to leave a legacy for our children and grandchildren of a debt-free nation by 2010. We can achieve that legacy if the Congress maintains its fiscal discipline. But this budget resolution tosses out fiscal responsibility for skewed tax breaks. It is based on a house of cards made up of rosy budget scenarios for the next ten years. Any downturn in the economy, are of which we are now beginning to experience, threatens to topple this house of cards.  Mr. President, the $5.6 trillion surplus that President Bush and others are counting on to pay for huge tax cuts is based on mere projections over the next decade. It is not real. Many in Congress have been talking about the $5.6 trillion surplus as if it is already money in the United States Treasury. It is not.  While none of us hope that the budget surpluses are lower than we expect, to be responsible we need to understand that this is a real possibility. In its budget and economic outlook released in January 1st, CBO devotes an entire chapter to the uncertainty of budget projections. CBO warns Congress that there is only a 10 percent chance that the surpluses will materialize as projected by saying: ``Considerable uncertainty surrounds those projections.'' This is because CBO cannot predict what legislation Congress might pass that would alter federal spending and revenues. In addition, CBO says--and anyone whose watched the volatility of our markets over the past few months knows--that the U.S. economy and federal budget are highly complex and are affected by many factors that are difficult to predict.  With all of this uncertainty in projecting future surpluses, it is amazing to me that the budget resolution insists on a fixed $1.35 trillion tax cut. I was one of five Senators still in the Senate who voted against the Reagan tax plan in 1981. We saw what happened there: We had a huge tax cut, defense spending boomed, and the national debt quadrupled.  The conference report includes the full $1.5 billion increase in budget authority ($32.4 billion total) for essential Department of Justice programs to help state and local law enforcement programs contained in the Leahy/Harkin amendment that unanimously passed the Senate. However it reduces the outlays increase to $1.1 billion ($31.8 billion total) in FY 2002. The conference report also waters down the Sense of the Senate language to drop all references to specific grant programs that are targeted for cuts by the President.  I cosponsored and supported a successful, bipartisan amendment in theSenate to increase funding for agriculture conservation programs on private lands by $1.3 billion. This funding was to support nationally-successful programs like the Environmental Quality Incentive Program, the Farmland Protection Program, and the Wildlife Habitat Incentive Program--programs that truly help farmers and ranchers keep their working lands and that help private landowners enhance their communities' water quality, open space, and wildlife habitat.  Unfortunately, though communities all over the nation have asked Congress for help to protect and restore water quality and open space, Republican negotiators chose to strike funds for our amendment in the final conference report.  The conference report also ignores communities' cries for cleaner energy and energy conservation--especially communities in the Northeast who breathe the downwind fumes of 1960's-era, dirty energy production further west. By following the Bush plan to significantly cut funding for the Department of Energy's conservation, energy efficiency, and clean energy programs, the Republican negotiators continue to ignore the 21st century energy needs of our people.  During consideration of the budget resolution in the Senate, I joined many of my colleagues in supporting amendments to increase funding for education programs. Despite the passage of these important amendments, this budget resolution conference report ignores the Senate's actions and does not provide sufficient funds for our students, teachers and schools.  This conference report contains no increase for K-12 or higher education discretionary spending. Mandatory spending for education and training is essentially the same as the House-passed resolution and therefore reflects none of the Senate's bipartisan actions. The conference report rejects the Harkin education amendment that provided increased funds for so many important education programs. It rejects the Jeffords/Breaux amendment, which increased funding for the Individuals with Disabilities Education (IDEA) Act--fulfilling the Federal government's responsibility. This conference report also fails to accommodate the Hagel-Harkin amendment--adopted unanimously by the Senate to the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA)--without additional cuts to student loan programs.  At a time when the Senate is debating reauthorization of ESEA and considering a significant change to our education system, it makes no sense to me that we reduce education funds as is the case in this conference report. If we really want to leave no child behind, then we must acknowledge that we have a financial responsibility to support our children's education. This conference report fails to do that.  The conference report includes a $1 billion increase in discretionary veterans health spending. That increase barely covers inflation in the Department of Veterans Affairs' current programs, let alone provides the department flexibility to increase the availability and quality of care. I am also concerned that this budget squeezes this money out of critical veterans health research programs, leaving investigations into spinal injuries and war wounds at inadequate levels.  This conference report also drops a provision passed by the Senate that would have allowed military retirees to receive their full VA disability and retiree pay earned during their lifelong service. Once again, the other side has made it a priority to top-off the bulging piggy-banks of the wealthy with change pilfered from the fixed income checks of those who have sacrificed for our country.  Mr. President, after years of hard choices, we have balanced the budget and started building surpluses. Now we must make responsible choices for the future. Our top four priorities should be paying off the national debt, passing a fair and responsible tax cut, saving Social Security, and creating a real Medicare prescription drug benefit. This budget falls far short of these priorities. For the sake of our economy and the working families of America, I will vote against this budget resolution.  