That is the risk of doing business, and nobody disputes that. But international arbitration was created in order to mitigate the risks of overseas investments and to avoid depending on shaky legal institutions in those countries. Arbitration has been one of the principal building blocks to the extraordinary growth in international trade. It has brought investments to countries which would have otherwise been considered too risky because it gives investors and sovereign nations an agreed-upon mechanism to resolve disputes. Key to its success is the agreement by all parties that arbitration can only work if it is binding.  It recently came to Senator McConnell's and my attention that at least two American companies, Sithe and Nortel, have participated in binding arbitration to resolve disputes with the Colombian Government. According to information we have received, Sithe and perhaps Nortel, we are told, companies from Mexico and Germany, have won awards through binding arbitration, only to have the Colombian Government renege on its commitment to honor the arbitration decision.  We have not had an opportunity to discuss these matters with the Colombian Government, but if our information is correct, that American companies have agreed to binding arbitration and prevailed, only to have the Colombian Government refuse to pay, that is unacceptable. We want to help Colombia's economy develop in an environment where the rule of law is respected. This is crucial to Colombia's future. If Colombia flaunts the rules of the private market, it will have increasing difficulty attracting private investment because it cannot be trusted.  Representatives of these companies have urged us to withhold a portion of U.S. assistance to Colombia until the Colombian Government fulfills its legal obligations to these companies. We considered offering such an amendment, because of the importance we give to the fair treatment of American companies, respect for the rule of law, and the international arbitration process. I ask unanimous consent that a copy of our proposed amendment be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  We decided not to offer the amendment, because of the precedent it could set. But we want to emphasize that respecting binding, internationally, sanctioned arbitration is essential to the investment that will ultimately be the engine for Colombia's economic development. No amount of foreign assistance can do that. The pattern of Colombia's apparent abuse of the international arbitration process is very disturbing, and by conveying our concern about it we mean to strongly encourage the Colombian Government to act expeditiously to resolve these matters.  I know that both Senator McConnell and I will be following this issue closely, and discussing it with the Colombian Ambassador, the American Ambassador to Colombia, and the Department of State, in the coming months.  Mr. McCONNELL. Let me just add a word or two to Senator Leahy's comments. Few would disagree that Colombia's long term political and economic development resides in its ability to forge a lasting peace, establish the rule of law, and attract foreign investment. No service is done to the nation or the people of Colombia when the Colombian government refuses to recognize the legitimacy of an arbitration award to international businesses. The leadership in Bogota should understand that such action further erodes confidence in the overall investment climate in Colombia within the international business community--and in foreign capitals. It is my hope that the Colombian government takes note of the amendment Senator Leahy and I contemplated offering and initiates corrective action in the very near future.  