President, I rise today to commend Senators Baucus and Byrd for crafting a reasonable and appropriate economic stimulus bill. The package they have brought forward balances tax relief, assistance for unemployed workers, and spending for homeland security and economic recovery. With the United States economy in recession for the first time in over a decade, now is the time for Congress to act to help hard working Americans. The Baucus-Byrd legislation will strengthen consumer confidence as well as public safety.  An already struggling economy was dealt a crippling blow by the September 11th terrorist attacks. In order to best jumpstart the economy, each part in the stimulus package has a substantial effect in the short-term, the greatest impact for the money spent, and no great cost in later years. I believe that the Baucus-Byrd stimulus package is directed toward boosting business and consumer confidence in the future.  America's workers need assistance now. Today, with more than 7 million Americans out of work, the Nation is suffering through its highest level of unemployment in 20 years. More than half of unemployed people do not qualify for unemployment, and the vast majority cannot afford health coverage under our current system. As of mid-September, there were 10,888 unemployed people in Vermont, a seasonally-adjusted unemployment rate of 3.2 percent. Approximately 27,200 Vermonters will claim unemployment insurance in the next year, according to estimates from the Department of Labor's National Employment Law Project. Of those, 3,536 will exhaust their unemployment benefits during that time.  The Senate's economic recovery plan addresses these problems by providing unemployment insurance and health coverage for laid-off workers, tax rebates for middle and low-income people who need immediate relief, and tax incentives for small businesses to encourage immediate investment in new plants and equipment.  One of my primary goals in the wake of the September 11th attacks has been to increase the security of our border with Canada. Over the past decade or more, the northern border has continually been shortchanged. While the number of Border Patrol agents along the southern border has increased over the last few years to over 8,000, the number at the northern border has remained the same as a decade ago at 300. Even as the northern border was increasingly discussed as an attractive route of entry into the United States for terrorists, Congress failed to rectify this imbalance.  We began to make up for this pattern of neglect with passage of the USA PATRIOT Act last month. That law authorized a tripling of the number of Border Patrol officers, INS Inspectors, and Customs agents in the States that share a border with Canada. It also authorized $50 million each to the INS and Customs to improve the technology used in monitoring the border and to purchase additional equipment. This law provides the basis for improving our security, but we must now ensure that these proposals are funded. This stimulus bill provides the first step.  Senator Byrd proposes an additional $327 million for U.S. Customs--$31 million to be used for new staffing which could result in as many as 350 new agents. Coupled with the 285 new agents for the northern border funded in the Treasury Postal Appropriations bill earlier this year, we are on the way to addressing the shortfalls felt by the Customs Service in the north.  This bill also appropriates over $700 million for INS to improve INS facilities and border infrastructure to help better secure our country. While I had hoped more money and attention would have been dedicated to the staffing shortfalls, I am confident we can expand these initiatives in the supplemental appropriations bill scheduled to move after the Thanksgiving holiday. We will need to show continued vigilance on this issue. For too long, we have ignored the needs of the northern border and been complacent about our security. We no longer can afford such complacency.  The proposal would also include $600 million for additional FEMA firefighting grants. This money would allow state and local communities to expand and improve their firefighting programs. Over 50 percent of the funding would go to volunteer fire departments in rural communities.  Again, I thank the Chairman of the Finance Committee and the Chairman of the Appropriations Committee, for bringing forward this important legislation. America's national security must not be left behind as Congress considers an economic stimulus package.  