President, I was not able to be here prior to the statement of the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania. I would note both on the Intelligence Committee and on the Judiciary Committee his has been one of the most consistent and most clear voices on these issues. In fact, one of the things that disappointed me when we brought up the terrorism bill is the Attorney General was able to stay there only for part of the hearing. I was glad he was able to stay long enough for what was intended to be the first round of questioning, questioning from the senior Senator from Pennsylvania. He has a way of getting to the crux of the matter. I would have liked to have gone further on that.  These are serious matters. I get concerned when we have to rush things through without the kind of deliberation and scrutiny they deserve. The Senator from Pennsylvania has raised the obvious fact of making, for constitutional purposes, a record demonstrating legislative intent. Among all the suggestions he made, this is one to which we should pay the most attention. Sometimes as we rush--I say that as one who wants to get a terrorism bill up here and voted on, and hoping the House can do the same and we can get on to conference. But, frankly, we can spend a lot of time on this floor sometimes debating matters that are of minuscule moment and we would be better off if we did the kind of long-range thinking that he and others have discussed.  I think in the report, our former colleagues, Senator Rudman of New Hampshire and Senator Hart of Colorado, after September 11, after the fact, made everybody come and dust them off and say a lot of what happened was predicted here, and how we respond to it.  I worry sometimes also we think by passing a new law we will protect ourselves. We will go back, the Senate will go back--and I am sure the House will, too--and review the files of the Department of Justice, the FBI, and others for information that was there and perhaps not looked at nor acted upon prior to September 11. That is not to find scapegoats but to say: Was this a mistake? Had it been done differently would we have stopped this terrorist attack?  Sometimes we close the barn door after the horse has been stolen. We spend billions of dollars around this country so you cannot drive a car bomb into the lobby of buildings. In this case, the bomb came through the 80th floor of the building.  We should look at this matter very carefully, find out where mistakes were made prior to the 11th--and there were--find out what is needed, and I suspect it will not be just new laws but new ways of doing things to take care of it.  On the question of better use of computers, certainly the better use of translators, if you have after the factthe Attorney General and the FBI Director having to go on public television saying, please, we need some people and we will pay $35 or $40 an hour to translate Arabic material or whatever other languages, somebody has to ask the question: Why weren't you doing that before?  There are so many things we have to do. But I hope people listen to the Senator from Pennsylvania. I intend to. I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  