President, when the Senate confirms Barrington Parker to the Second Circuit, we will have confirmed more Court of Appeals judges since July of this year than were confirmed in the entire first year of the Clinton administration. When the committee completes its consideration of Edith Brown Clement and she is confirmed to the Fifth Circuit, we will match the total confirmed Court of Appeals judges for the entire first year of the first Bush administration.  When we confirmed Judge Roger Gregory to the Fourth Circuit on July 20, the Senate had confirmed more Court of Appeals judges than a Republican-controlled Senate was willing to confirm in all of the 1996 session--a year in which not a single nominee to the Courts of Appeals was confirmed, not one all session.  Until I became chairman and began holding hearings in July, no judicial nominations had hearings or were confirmed by the Senate this year. We are now ahead of the pace of confirmations for judicial nominees in the first year of the Clinton administration and the pace in the first year of the first Bush administration.  In the first year of the Clinton administration, 1993, without all the disruptions, distractions and shifts in Senate majority that we have experienced this year through July and without the terrorist attacks of September 11, the first Court of Appeals judge was not confirmed until September 30, the third was not confirmed until November and, as I have noted, the Senate never confirmed a fourth Court of Appeals nominee.  In the entire first year of the first Bush administration, 1989, without all the disruptions, distractions and shifts of Senate majority that we have experienced this year through July and without the terrorist attacks of September 11, the fourth Court of Appeals nominee was not confirmed until November 8. Today, on October 11, the Senate will confirm its fourth Court of Appeals nominee since July 20 of thisyear. Thus, in spite of everything we are more than one month ahead of the pace in 1989.  During the more than 6 years in which the Republicans most recently controlled the Senate schedule, there were 34 months with no hearing at all, 30 months with only one hearing and only 12 times in almost 6\1/2\ years did the Judiciary Committee hold as many as two hearings involving judicial nominations during a month. I held two hearings in July involving judicial nominations and two unprecedented hearings in August, during the traditional recess. I held a fifth hearing in September, the sixth last week, and have scheduled a seventh hearing and second for October for next week. Thus, during the 4 months that I have been chairman with a reconstituted Judiciary Committee we will have held seven hearings involving judicial nominees and held two hearings in three of those 4 months.  A fair assessment of the circumstances of this year--in this shortened time frame of only a few months in session, with the obstruction in reorganization, the Republican objection that required all judicial nominations to be returned to the White House over the August recess, the President's unprecedented change in the process that shunted ABA peer review to the back end after the nomination, and now with the aftermath of the September 11 terrorist attacks--the committee and the Senate should be commended, not criticized, for our efforts to out pace the confirmations in the first years of the Clinton administration and the first year of the first Bush administration. Although we have redirected much of the committee work and attention to hearings and a legislative response following the terrible terrorist attacks on September 11, I have continued to hold confirmation hearings for judicial nominations at a pace far in excess of that maintained by my Republican predecessor.  In spite of unfair and unfounded criticism, I have continued to proceed with additional hearings and press onward as best I can to have the committee work to fulfil its role in the confirmation process. With cooperation from the White House and all Senators, both Republican and Democratic, I have no doubt that we can match and likely better the confirmation totals for the first year of the first Bush administration in 1989 by the end of the month.  I was encouraged to hear the White House sound a different tune recently when its spokesperson suggested that the point at which to assess our progress on judicial nominations will be at the end of the session. That is a far cry from the predictions earlier that there would be no confirmations by the Democratic majority and the subsequent White House prediction, which we have already topped, that there would be only five confirmations all year. I think that is a sensible thought and that we would be in position to compare apples with apples at the end of the first year of this administration.  Some Republican Senators have worked with me to expedite consideration of judicial nominees needed for their States and I appreciate their courtesy and have tried to accommodate them and the needs of the Federal courts in their States at the earliest opportunity. Others will carp and criticize no matter what we are able to achieve. I only wish those who now are rushing forward in the first weeks of my chairmanship to ``champion'' the cause of the Federal judiciary and see the current vacancies as a crisis would have sounded the call during the slowdown over the last 7 years. Had they joined with me in my efforts when they were in the majority, we would not have the vacancies we have now around the country. Many more would have been filled more quickly. I welcome them to the cause of the administration of justice but have to wonder whether their conversion is one of principle or partisanship. With few exceptions--Senator Specter comes to mind as someone who urged prompt action on nominees over the course of his Senate career including during the last several years--today's critics were comfortable defenders of slower confirmation hearings, long-delayed action on scores of nominees and no action on many others. Given that none of the current critics has yet admitted that Republicans did anything wrong over the last 7 years and has steadfastly defended the pace at which the Republican majority chose to act then, I would think they would be praising our current efforts that exceed the confirmation pace and hearing schedule that Republicans maintained when they held the Senate majority.  When I became chairman in June, I expressed my commitment to improving upon the inefficiency and lack of bipartisanship displayed by the committee in recent years. With respect to judicial nominations, our first hearing was noticed within 10 minutes of the adoption of the reorganization resolution and within a day of the committee's membership being set on July 10. I have alluded to the two unprecedented August recess hearings I chaired last month involving judicial nominations.  Indeed, at the first on August 22, no Republican member of the committee even attended. In addition to taking place during the August recess, those August hearings were unusual in that they were held without having nominations pending before the committee.  Just before the Senate recessed in early August, the Senate leadership requested that nominations, including all pending nominations for judicial appointment, be retained through the August recess. This proposal was made by the Democratic leadership notwithstanding the Senate rule that nominations should be returned to the President when the Senate recesses for a period of more than 30 days.  It was the objection of the Republican leader to that unanimous consent request that resulted in the return of all nominations, including all judicial nominations, to the President in early August. That Republican objection has resulted in the strict application of the Senate rules which has required needless paperwork and occasioned more unnecessary delay.  Given the objection by the Republican leader, no nominations were pending before the Senate or the Judiciary Committee on August 22 or August 27 when we convened our recess hearings. In order to proceed last month, we did so in a highly unusual manner. I did so with a high level of concern about that unusual procedure and noting the exceptional nature of those hearings.  Like the month-long delay in reorganizing the Senate, the objection of the Republican leader to the Senate retaining pending nominations through the August recess served to complicate and delay consideration of nominations. The bumps in the road created by the other side are especially frustrating. Similarly, President Bush's decision to delay the American Bar Association's evaluation of a judicial nominee's qualifications until the nomination is made public, has forced delays in the rest of the process as well.  As a result of this administration's break with the 50-year-old precedent established under President Eisenhower, the confirmation process of even the least controversial and most qualified candidates is necessarily delayed by several weeks after nominations are received by the Senate. There were no District Court nominees who had been evaluated in time for the confirmation hearing I convened on July 24.  With the return to the President of the District Court nominees the President sent to the Senate in early August and the delay in ABA peer review that results from the White House's decision to change the process that had worked for more than 50 years for Republican and Democratic Presidents alike, we have continued to have a limited pool of District Court nominees available for consideration at hearings.  Likewise, this administration's failures early on to consult with Senators from both parties and to seek nominees who would enjoy broad bipartisan support remains a source of concern. We have nominees pending whom the home State Senators do not know, and with whom they are not familiar and have never met.  In spite of these difficulties, we continue to move forward and exceed the pace set by both the Bush administration in 1989 and the Clinton administration in 1993. Under Democratic leadership, the Judiciary Committee is making important strides toward replenishing our Federal judiciary. I have adhered, and will continue to adhere,to a rigorous schedule, despite the terrorist attacks of September 11, and despite the limited opportunities provided by my not assuming the chairmanship until mid-session.  The Federal courts remain a symbol of justice to our citizens and to believers in peace and democracy throughout the world, and therefore, I will work diligently to keep the judicial nominations process on track.  Judge Parker will be a good addition to the Second Circuit. He is universally praised by the Senators from New York and Connecticut. He has been an outstanding District Court Judge. He is another from among the first group of nominees sent to the Senate by President Bush in May and resubmitted in September. He was reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee, received the highest possible review from the ABA, and comes from a distinguished family of jurists.  Justice Mills is strongly supported by his home State Senators. He literally went the extra mile and drove from Mississippi to his confirmation hearing on September 13 when the air travel system in the country was still recovering from the terrorist hijackings of September 11. I was gratified to hear Justice Mills testify that he will follow the time-honored principles of stare decisis and respect the settled law establishing a woman's right to choose.  I had been concerned about his interpretation of binding precedent and the law given his dissent in McMillan v. City of Jackson. In his dissent he concluded that a protester convicted of trespassing at a family planning clinic should have been permitted to present a defense of necessity--in other words to justify his unlawful conduct by arguing that the protester had a reasonable belief that such action was necessary to prevent a significant evil.  Having heard Justice Mills state at his hearing that he will have the utmost respect for judicial precedent as a judge on the federal bench, I am prepared to support his nomination in spite of his dissent in McMillan and out of respect for Senator Cochran and Senator Lott.  In addition to the judicial nominees the Senate is considering, we are also considering the nominations of 14 men and women to become United States Attorneys across the country, as well as the nomination of Benigno Reyna to be the Director of the United States Marshals Service.  Earlier this year I raised the problem created by the administration being so slow to nominate United States Attorneys after calling upon those holding those critical law enforcement posts to tender their resignations. I am glad that the White House took those observations to heart and began sending us nominees to be the Justice Department representatives in districts in each of our States all across the country.  The President did not nominate anyone to be a United States Attorney until July 31, just before the August recess. Unfortunately, due to the objection of the Republican leader even those few nominations were required under Senate rules to be returned to the White House during the recess. In essence, we are working through nominees effectively received on September 5 and thereafter.  Since that time the Judiciary Committee has already reported almost half of the nominations received between September 5 and September 19 and will continue to press the administration to complete the paperwork requirements on these nominations as soon as possible. The paperwork on the first group of nominees was not completed until the second week of September. They were then reported out and confirmed.  This second large group of 14 United States Attorneys will bring to 26 the United States Attorneys confirmed in the period between September 14 and October 11. I am proud of our record. We have managed to work through almost half of the 54 nominations for United States Attorney in a short period. Of course, the President has yet to nominate as many as 40 United States Attorneys. We will continue to try to work with the administration to make progress on these nominations.  I remain disturbed that the administration has yet to nominate a single United States Marshal for the 95 Districts across the country. The Marshals Service is older than the Department of Justice itself and has long been an essential component in Federal law enforcement. Yet here we are in mid-October without a single nominee. It was created by the first Congress in the Judiciary Act of 1789.  When we are calling upon the Marshal Offices and their deputies to help with security at airports, to contribute to the sky marshal program, to provide security at Federal buildings and for the Federal courts and to protect us in so many ways, we need to take these matters seriously and move forward.  I know that Deputy Marshals from Vermont, for example, are helping with operations in Vermont and in other parts of New England to ensure airport security and to protect government operations and all Americans. Senators can be helpful to the administration in the selection of United States Marshals and trust that the administration will begin consulting with Senators so that we can move forward to fill these vital positions.  Today the Senate does have before it the nomination of Benigno Reyna to head the United States Marshals Service as its new Director. He will direct a crucial component of our Federal law enforcement family, the United States Marshals Service. In this difficult time for America in the wake of the attacks on September 11, I am pleased that we have been able to expedite his consideration by the Senate.  Having received his nomination on September 12, we proceeded to include him in a confirmation hearing on September. Even though we did not receive his nomination until September 12, we were able to move him quickly to a hearing within a week and he is being considered by the Senate less than one month after his nomination.  I thank the Acting Director of the United States Marshals Service, Louie T. McKinney, and all of the acting United States Marshals and Deputy Marshals from around the country for their service in the past difficult days and for their continuing dedication and sacrifice.  I wish Director Reyna, as well as the 14 new United States Attorneys around the country success in their new challenges.  I am proud of the hard work the Judiciary Committee has been doing to confirm these and others of the President's nominees to the Department of Justice. Since the committee was reassigned members on July 10, we have held ten nomination hearings for executive branch nominees.  We have proceeded expeditiously with hearings for the FBI Director, the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Commissioner of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, the Assistant Attorney General for the Tax Division, the Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Justice Programs, the Director of the National Institute of Justice, the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance, the Director of the Office for Victims of Crime, the Director of the United States Marshals Service, the Associate Attorney General, and the Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel.  Further, we have proceeded to confirm Assistant Attorneys General to head the Civil Rights, Antitrust, Civil and Tax Divisions.  