248, a bill to release $582 million in U.S. dues to the United Nations. Payment of our dues is long overdue, and I am glad to see this bipartisan bill come before the Senate.  We know the United Nations is not a perfect organization. No organization made up of 189 countries could possibly satisfy everyone. In that sense, it is sort of like a country composed of 50 States. But just as the States rely on the Federal Government to address problems that affect each of us collectively, the United States relies on the collective diplomacy and security that only the United Nations can provide.  Every day the U.N. is fighting critical battles to resolve conflicts, contain the spread of infectious diseases, stop environmental pollution, protect human rights, strengthen democracy, and prevent starvation, to mention just some of its roles. U.N. peacekeepers are deployed around the world--from East Timor to Cyprus to the Sinai--to help prevent violence and restore stability where it is badly needed. Of the tens of thousands of U.N. peacekeepers deployed, only a tiny fraction are Americans. These missions help to avoid U.S. military intervention and far more costly humanitarian relief operations.  We are the world's only superpower, and we have a wide range of interests on every continent. We need to send a strong message that the United States supports the United Nations but that other nations need to contribute their share as well. This legislation is a clear step in that direction.  Getting here has not been easy, and I want to commend four individuals who deserve special credit. First and foremost, it was the determination of Ambassador Richard Holbrooke who led us to this breakthrough that few thought was possible. In January, he received a standing ovation from both Republicans and Democrats on the Foreign Relations Committee. It was well deserved.  We also had the bipartisan vision and leadership of Senator Jesse Helms and Senator Joe Biden. They established a framework for this deal with the Helms-Biden legislation, and both deserve a great deal of credit.  Finally, we should recognize Ted Turner. It was his gift of $34 million that was the final piece of the puzzle. We should all be grateful for his generosity and foresight, although it is somewhat embarrassing that the government of the wealthiest, most powerful nation in history had to rely on the personal donation of a private citizen to help meet its obligations to the international community.  While I am very pleased with this legislation, more still needs to be done to address weaknesses in United Nations peacekeeping missions. We have seen poorly conceived missions, serious logistical delays, ill-equipped and undertrained troops, and instances of misconduct. While these were exceptions rather than the rule and were largely the fault of the U.N.'s member states, I was encouraged by two developments early this fall that began to address some of these problems.  First, the U.N. issued a report, produced by an outside panel of experts, that included some common-sense recommendations for improving the effectiveness of U.N. peacekeeping. This was followed by a serious discussion ofpeacekeeping reform by the heads of state of several key countries at the Millennium Summit.  These two events triggered widespread praise from the international community and a number of supportive editorials in the U.S. press. The Bush administration and Congress need to take a close look at these developments and determine what the U.S. can do to further efforts to improve U.N. peacekeeping.  The administration and Congress should also consider lifting the 25 percent cap on U.S. peacekeeping contributions. During the campaign, President Bush called for the U.S. to act in a more ``humble'' manner in the international arena. This may be a good place to start. The European Union, whose GDP is roughly equivalent our own, pays over 39 percent of U.N. peacekeeping costs, while the U.S. contribution will fall to 26.5 percent. Moreover, the agreement that was reached in December requires 29 nations to accept increases in their assessment rates, ranging from 50 percent to 500 percent. Yet, we still maintain the 25 percent cap, and continue to accumulate arrears--hardly a statement of humility. The time may now be right to remove the cap, especially if the administration concludes that U.S. interests are better served without it.  Mr. President, we all want to see reform to continue at the U.N. However, refusing to pay our dues has irritated our friends and allies, who were legitimately concerned that we wanted a continued veto over U.N. decisions, without meeting our treaty obligations. It hurt our credibility, and it weakened our influence.  So I am pleased that we are finally acting to remedy this problem by passing this legislation today.  I see the Senator from Florida, and I yield the floor to him.  