President, the Senate is once again passing legislation to retroactively renew Chapter 12 of the Bankruptcy Code, which protects family farmers and helps them prevent foreclosures and forced auctions of their farms.  While I strongly support providing our family farmers with bankruptcy protection so they can continue farming the land, it is time for Congress to make Chapter 12 a permanent part of the Bankruptcy Code. Too many family farmers have been left in legal limbo in bankruptcy courts across the country when temporary extensions of the chapter expire. I look forward to working with my colleagues to enact Chapter 12 on a permanent basis.  Less than two months ago, Congress passed H.R. 254 to retroactively renew Chapter 12 since it expired on July 1, 2000. H.R. 254, however, renewed the family farmer bankruptcy protections until only June 1, 2001. Now Congress must once again pass narrow legislation to retroactively renew Chapter 12. This time H.R. 1914 renews Chapter 12 for four additional months--until October 1, 2001.  As I did on final passage of H.R. 254, I again commend Representative Nick Smith and Representative Tammy Baldwin for their leadership in working together to secure House passage of legislation to retroactively renew Chapter 12. Thanks to their bipartisan efforts the House of Representatives passed H.R. 1914 on June 6 by a vote of 411-1.  Senator Carnahan and Senator Bond introduced similar legislation to help our family farmers forced into the bankruptcy process. On behalf of family farmers in Missouri and across the country, I commend them for their bipartisan efforts as well.  During the debate earlier this year on comprehensive changes to the bankruptcy system, some proponents of the controversial reform bill claimed that it must be passed to restore Chapter 12 to the Bankruptcy Code. I hope today's action to pass a stand alone Chapter 12 bill will make it clear to all that the Senate does not have to pass a mammoth bankruptcy reform bill to provide family farmers with bankruptcy protection. I also hope today's action will put an end to any efforts to use Chapter 12 as leverage to enact controversial bankruptcy reform legislation. Our family farmers deserve better.  Mr. President, I strongly support H.R. 1914 to retroactively give our family farmers bankruptcy protection if they fall on hard times. It is now time for Congress to permanently establish Chapter 12 as part of the Bankruptcy Code to provide a secure safety net for our nation's family farmers.  