President, I rise today in support of the FY 2002 District of Columbia appropriations bill. I want to congratulate Senator Landrieu and Senator DeWine for their hard work in crafting this annual appropriations bill for the District of Columbia. This is an important piece of legislation and they have done their best to help ensure that the District of Columbia gets the resources it needs to run our Nation's capital.  In addition to many important policy provisions and essential funding provisions, this legislation removes several restrictions Congress has placed upon the District of Columbia during the last several years. These congressional provisions have prevented locally passed laws and initiatives from being implemented even with the use of local funds. With the leadership of Senator Landrieu, the underlying legislation takes the necessary steps to correct those past wrongs.  I am particularly pleased with Senator Landrieu's leadership in lifting the restriction limiting the autonomy of the local government in the District of Columbia and the rights of domestic partners who reside here. For the past 9 years, Congress has prohibited the District from using Federal or local funds to enact the locally passed Health Care Benefits Expansion Act. This law, passed by the D.C. City Council in 1992, would allow domestic partners to register with the Mayor's office. The Health Care Benefits Expansion Act would require all health care facilities to grant domestic partners visitation rights, and allow District employees to purchase health insurance at their own cost for domestic partners.  This law recognizes the legal and civil rights of domestic partners in the District of Columbia and is similar to laws passed by more than 100 jurisdictions and city governments throughout this country--including my own State of Vermont. Vermont passed its version of a domestic partnership law for health benefits in 1994. Last year, our State went even further when it took the bold and courageous step of extending the same legal State benefits already enjoyed by married couples to same sex couples.  This restriction Congress placed on the D.C. Government sent the wrong message to District residents and local officials by telling the people of Washington, DC, that the U.S. Senate knows best how local officials should spend their local dollars. This restriction sent the wrong message to the American public by disregarding the rights of domestic partners. I am pleased that the Senate has not continued down the unfortunate path of dictating social policy for the District of Columbia.  During consideration of the D.C. appropriations bill last month, the House Appropriations Committee approved an amendment to remove the ban on the use of local funds to implement the Health Benefits Expansion Act. During the House debate on the legislation, the provision prevailed, despite an effort similar to the one before us today to reinstate the ban on local funds. Our colleagues in the House have spoken on this measure, and the Senate has concurred.  This is a challenging time for our entire Nation. During this time, leaders at all levels of government--especially our local leaders--are working to ensure the safety and preparedness of their communities. Mayor Anthony Williams and the local government of the District of Columbia should be provided the same opportunity to perform those duties, and others, as are enjoyed by other cities and jurisdictions throughout the Nation. With the hard work of Senator Landrieu, the underlying bill recognizes the rights of D.C. residents and their elected officials to debate and decide for themselves the same policy questions that each of the states and cities in our country may debate and decide for themselves.  The issue of the rights of domestic partners--like rights for women, racial minorities, and people with disabilities--is one of basic civil rights for all people. Individuals should be evaluated on the basis of what they can offer and what they can contribute--not on irrelevant considerations like their race, gender or sexual orientation. It is a question of fundamental fairness. The United States Congress did not interfere with Vermont's approach to providing equal access to health insurance benefits, or with any of the other cities and localities throughout the country that passed their own laws governing domestic partnership. I strongly believe that Congress should follow its own example set in those instances, and should not treat the District of Columbia any differently.  Again, I applaud Senator Landrieu for her leadership in drafting this bill and I encourage my colleagues to vote in support of the FY 2002 District of Columbia appropriations bill.  