 We have added humanitarian relief to immigrant victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks. A lot of immigrants became victims of that attack. They suddenly became orphans or were spouses of people killed.  We added help to the FBI to hire translators. I shudder to think how much information was available before September 11 that was never translated that might have prevented this.  We have added more comprehensive victims assistance; measures to fight cyber-crime; measures to fight terrorism against mass transportation systems; important measures to use technology to make our borders more secure.  Last, Madam President, and I cannot emphasize this enough, the Senate should never give a blank check to our law enforcement or to any President or Attorney General of either party. We have to protect the liberties of our people. Who watches the watchers? We watch.  I said earlier, as Benjamin Franklin once said, a nation that would trade its liberties for security deserves neither.  We can have our security and we can protect our liberties but only if we have adequate checks and balances. People who are professional law enforcement say give us the checks and balances. We give enormous power to Federal, State, and local law enforcement, but with that there have to be checks and balances. We have all seen times where if law enforcement is unchecked, innocent people can be hurt.  I was a prosecutor for 8 years, and I know we have to have checks and balances. We have done that. You cannot simply have a case and say: Do this, we will set aside this pesky Constitution for the moment.  We cannot do that. We built in checks and balances that were not in the original proposal. Ultimately, that will be the best thing for the country.  We will give law enforcement translators, tools, computers, and other things necessary to help them. We stand united as a nation. We know the only way to protect ourselves is to stop the terrorists before they strike. Going to the funerals after the strike is too late. We will do that, but we will do it protecting the foundations of our Constitution and freedom which made us such a great democracy in the first place.  None of us have any idea how long we will be in the Senate. I hope my colleagues are willing to stay here as long as they can. When I leave the Senate, as I will, I want to leave knowing I have done my best to protect our freedoms. I have said over and over again, the Senate is the conscience of the Nation. As much as any piece of legislation, this has to reflect our conscience.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  