President, I want to discuss the most recent situation in Northern Ireland. All too often, I usually speak on the floor of the Senate about this issue after a bombing or bloody conflict between Republicans and Unionists. This time, however, I wish to address a situation that really has the potential to scar Northern Ireland more than any single bullet.  We have seen in our own country schoolchildren returning to classes this week. In Northern Ireland, schoolchildren are returning also. But, unfortunately, the week has been horrific for students at the Holy Cross Girls Primary School in Belfast. The students and their parents have faced a gauntlet of protesters on their way to school, many of whom pelted the girls with stones and spit at them.  Earlier today, a bomb went off addressed toward the schoolchildren. When I turn on the television and see pictures of these little girls, 6 and 7, 8 years old, crying in terror, being shielded by their mothers--what is their crime and sin? They are going to school. If there is ever anything that can help that troubled part of the world, it would be to improve the education of the young people and then allow them to go on to get jobs.  According to the press reports, the girls who attend this Catholic school have walked peacefully to and from their classes through a predominantly Protestant neighborhood for 30 years. Tragically, these children have been targeted to escalate already high tensions between Unionists and Republicans.  After more than three decades of violence in Northern Ireland committed by parties on both sides of the issue--and both sides are certainly responsible for violence--we sometimes become a bit callous about events in this conflict. But this latest situation of targeting children is truly reprehensible because it threatens to scar these children permanently.  The tragic situation at Holy Cross School has the potential to undermine any peace agreement that may be reached in the future. Negotiations will continue this month on resuming the Northern Ireland assembly and further implementation of the Good Friday peace agreement. These efforts will be for naught if the children of Belfast, whether they are Catholic or Protestant, grow up in an environment where they think hatred and division are a way of life.  Let me take a moment to say, as I have in the past, that I have called upon Republicans and Unionists to abide by the Good Friday agreement. For those of us who have been involved in Northern Ireland over the years, we know that the hatred runs deep and the solutions are going to be complex. That is why I proudly support the U.S. commitment to the International Fund for Ireland. The Fund has promoted economic development in Northern Ireland across factional lines. I have supported it because the projects sponsored by IFI have been projects where Protestants and Catholics work side by side.  The situation at Holy Cross School is dangerous because it threatens to remove the most important characteristic that the Irish are blessed with, and that is hope.  I condemn efforts by people who are trying to take that hope away from these children and instill them with fear and hatred. That will simply perpetuate this conflict for years to come.  I recall going to Northern Ireland on President Clinton's last visit there. I had a police officer assigned to me in Belfast. He said to me: ``Your President is a great man.'' I asked him why he said that. He said that before President Clinton came to Northern Ireland, the officer could not speak to somebody of the other faith. He told me which faith he belonged to but that is irrelevant since this was a statement that could have been made by either a Protestant or a Catholic.  He said: ``Prior to that visit, I could not speak to someone of the other faith, but now I can work with them, I can be friends with them.'' He added: ``The greatness of what your President has done and what the involvement of your country has been is that I no longer have to teach my children to hate.''  Think of that. He was saying that prior to these efforts at a peace agreement, prior to the involvement of the United States and people such as Senator Mitchell and others, he felt that it was his duty to teach his children to hate. Unfortunately, this could have been heard on either side, but now he said he no longer had to do that.  I want to think that is the feeling of most people in Northern Ireland, Protestant or Catholic. But I despair when I see the pictures of these little children going to school. These girls are 6, 7, and 8 years old. Look at the terror in their faces. They are wondering what is going on.  Frankly, it brings back chilling memories of when I was in my teens and seeing the pictures in parts of our country where terrified African-American schoolchildren were being escorted to school by marshals. Here are Irish children being escorted to school by the security forces.  There will not be peace in Northern Ireland, there will not be a promise for Northern Ireland until this sort of thing stops.  I commend the authorities who are protecting these children and pursing the persons who threw the bomb. We can use law enforcement to stop the violence in the short term. In the long term people must look into their own souls and practice the religious principles that they espouse. They must practice these principles not only for themselves but for those who may not carry the same religion.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Bayh). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  