President, I am prepared to vote in favor of Professor Dinh's nomination to be the Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Policy Development at the Department of Justice. I do so, however, with reservations.  Like other members of the committee, I admire Professor Dinh and his family for the courage they displayed during their extraordinary journey to this country from Vietnam. I also do not question Professor's Dinh's obvious intelligence or his academic achievements. If we were evaluating a nominee for a teaching position, I would vote for him without hesitation.  However, I am concerned by Professor Dinh's relative lack of experience for the position in the Department of Justice for which he has been nominated. One of the major responsibilities of the Office of Policy Development at the Department of Justice, which Professor Dinh has been nominated to head, is the evaluation of the qualifications and fitness of candidates for the Federal judiciary. Yet Professor Dinh, as he concedes, has never appeared as an attorney in a court of law. Aside from being a law clerk and an academic, Professor Dinh's principal real-world experience since graduating from law school in 1993 has been as associate counsel to the Republicans in the Senate Whitewater investigation of President Clinton. While that was no doubt an excellent introduction to the world of partisan politics, it hardly provides a model of the apolitical and unbiased pursuit of justice that ought to characterize the operations of the United States Department of Justice.  I am also concerned by Professor Dinh's testimony about his involvement with the Federalist Society. In answer to questions by Senator Durbin, Professor Dinh testified that he did not know whether the Federalist Society had a stated philosophy and that he viewed it simply as ``a forum for discussion of law and public policy from both sides.'' (Tr. 71, 73). Yet the Federalist Society itself states quite prominently on its internet website that it is ``a group of conservatives and libertarians interested in the current state of the legal order'' and concerned with the alleged domination of the legal profession ``by a form of orthodox liberal ideology which advocates a centralized and uniform society.'' I do not, of course, suggest that membership in the Federalist Society should disqualify someone from public office, any more than should membership in other organizations such as the American Civil Liberties Union that seek to promote a particular political philosophy or agenda. Nevertheless, it is simply not accurate to portray the Federalist Society as a non-partisan debating society.  In his writings, Professor Dinh, like other members of the Federalist Society, has condemned what is sometimes called ``judicial activism.'' However, when I asked Professor Dinh in my written questions to cite some specific cases where courts that had occurred, the only example he provided was a California decision from 1854 that dealt with the disqualification of persons of Chinese ancestry from testifying in court. While obviously no one would disagree with Professor Dinh's condemnation of that odious decision, his answer is not particularly enlightening as to what he views as the proper limits on the role of the judiciary in the 21st century. Many legal scholars regard the Supreme Court's decision in Bush v. Gore as a recent and obvious example of a court's overstepping its role and improperly injecting itself into the political arena. Yet, when I asked Professor Dinh specifically about that case in my written questions, he stated that, in his opinion, the Supreme Court Justices had ``exercised their judgment in a thoughtful and prudent manner given the nature of the case, the rulings below and the constraints of time.''  Despite my misgivings, I have decided to vote in favor of Professor Dinh's nomination. I believe that he has answered the Committee's questions. I am giving him the benefit of all doubts and giving deference to the President's decision with respect to this appointed policy position. Moreover, regardless of Professor Dinh's political views and associations, I credit his assurances that he will exercise his judgment based upon the merits of legal positions and judicial candidates he is called upon to evaluate rather than on political ideology.  