The former Governor of Nebraska has spent an enormous amount of time in that chair. I know he is now giving up the chair, but he has done the Senate a great service with the amount of time he has spent there. I have a feeling the Senator from Nebraska, when he came from the executive branch, never thought he would be presiding as much, but he has done the Senate a great service.  I love to hear quotes, especially those taken out of context. Back when the Republicans controlled the Senate I urged that they move quicker on judicial nominations. I think it is because they left an extraordinary number of President Clinton's nominees at the end of his term on which they never even allowed a vote. He had women, Hispanics, others who would wait 3, 4, 5 years and never even get a hearing. That created a real problem. Now, having created all of those vacancies, they come in and say, oh, my gosh, we have judicial vacancies.  President Clinton tried to fill those judicial vacancies, as my colleagues may recall, and the Republican-controlled Senate refused to allow him. Time and time again, they would hold them up. They would keep sending more questions to them. They would not allow them to come forward. They would not have a hearing. They would not have a vote, and finally the nominations died. So, of course, there were vacancies. All the vacancies would have been filled if they had even allowed votes on these because, when on the rare occasions they would allow a vote, the person would get 90 votes, 95 votes, sometimes 100 votes. They would go through easily, but they would not allow them to have a vote. So the vacancies occurred.  It is a little bit like the young person who is before the court. He is there for murdering his parents and he says, Your Honor, you have to have mercy on me. I am an orphan. Well, this is the same thing. Republicans spent 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 years creating enormous judicial vacancies and then they come in and say we have to fill these judicial vacancies.  We are going to have hearings for five judges on Thursday. We will have a hearing for them. So there are five judges on Thursday alone who are coming up. As we wait for them to finish their questionnaires, I think it is good if we can find out if they have criminal records or things such as that before we go forward. If they fit at least a basic level of competence before they go forward, we will continue to have those hearings. I am not going to do what the Republicans did and have 34 months without having any hearings at all. We have been having hearings every month.  It is an interesting complaint they make, when they had 6 months that they controlled the Senate and did not have any confirmation hearings of judges or votes. We started having them within a week after taking over the Senate.  Be that as it may, maybe someone sits in a room somewhere and thinks we don't have enough work to do. After all, we spent 3 weeks putting together an antiterrorism bill--which did take up a little bit of time. I remember the number of times I was here late at night, and then to hear complaints we have not had Judiciary hearings--actually, we had a couple while we were working on the antiterrorism bill.  Some things have happened in the last month in this country that have needed our attention. We have been trying to move U.S. attorneys as fast as they come up, but it is like pulling teeth to get them out of the White House so we can move them. I don't know if we have had any marshal nominations come up, but a week ago we had not had a single one. I have never known a President in my term to take that long.  Holding up the foreign aid bill is an interesting tactic. I cannot figure out why. If Senators want to criticize me on judges, I am happy to make a commitment to move as fast as they moved the nominees of President Clinton, but I have a feeling no one would be happy if I, as chairman, were to treat President Bush's judicial nominees the way they treated President Clinton's. If I did that, we would hear screams. I think we would hear screams from Democrats, too, because it would be so patently unfair if we did to them what the Republicans did to President Clinton. I am not going to do that. I don't believe in doing that. When we get done, whatever time I am chairman of the Judiciary Committee, we will find President Bush's nominees were handled far more fairly than those of President Clinton.  Having said that, I wonder what in Heaven's name is the masochistic attitude that is holding up this bill so they can make political points on the weekend talk shows. I cannot understand that. Secretary Powell is overseas now trying to solidify our antiterrorism coalition. Democrats have united behind the President and the Secretary of State in helping to bring together the support of leaders of other countries. The distinguished majority leader has pushed hard to get through money and authorization for President Bush to fight terrorism. We went the extra mile to get the antiterrorism bill completed.  Having done that, we are now saying to the President: Look, Mr. President, you can call on all these people overseas, ask them to support us in our antiterrorism activities, but we are not going to give you your foreign aid bill. We will not give you the money you are now promising the foreign leaders for their help. We are not going to give you the money that goes to NATO allies. We will not give you the money that goes to the Middle East Camp David signers. We will not give you the money to fight AIDS in Africa. We are not going to give you the money to give child immunizations. We are not going to give you the money, apparently, to help feed the Afghanistan people after this war ends.  It is a sad day when, for partisan reasons, an important appropriations bill is sabotaged. Even the ranking member of the foreign appropriations subcommittee will vote against proceeding to the appropriations bill. It is unfortunate, unjustified, especially after I have bent over backwards to work with him on this bill. Our economy is intricately intertwined with the global economy. Our health depends on our ability and the ability of countries in Africa, Asia, and Latin America to control the spread of deadly infectious diseases. Our security is linked to the spread of nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons and our ability to stop terrorism and narcotrafficking and organized crime. These threats are prevalent from as far away as China to our own cities.  No less a threat but potentially the trigger that ignites many others is poverty. We are surrounded by a sea of desperate people. Two billion people, a third of the world's inhabitants, live on the edge of starvation. They barely survive on whatever scraps they can scavenge. Many children die before the age of 5. This grinding, hopeless, desperate existence is overladen with despair. That despair fuels hatred, fear, violence, and even the terrorism that hit this country a month ago. We see it on many continents, including today in Pakistan, where thousands of people are threatening to overthrow their own government if it gives American troops access to Pakistani territory. We see it across Africa and in Colombia and Indonesia. We see it in the form of refugees and people displaced from their homes who number in the tens of millions.  The world is on fire in too many places to count, and in most of those flashpoints poverty and the injustice that perpetuates it are at the root of instability.  Our foreign assistance programs provide economic support to poor countries, health care to the world's neediest women and children, food and shelter to refugees and victims of natural and manmade disasters, and technical expertise to promote democracy, free markets, human rights, and the rule of law. This is as it should be. But as important as this is, what we give is a pittance when considered in terms of our wealth and the seriousness of the threats we face. Even this pittance, the other side doesn't want us to even vote on. Stand up and say we are all against terrorism. Of course we are. Wave the flag and say you want to protect America. Of course we do. But to say we might do something to actually stop some of the root causes of terrorism--well, not if it interferes with the partisan political agenda; we can't do that.  The approximately $10 billion we provide in this type of assistance--whether through the State Department and the Agency for International Development or as contributions to the World Bank, the U.N. Development Program, the World Food Program, and other organizations--amounts to less than $40 per person in this country.  We are all willing to give far more money than that--we were in my family--for the victims of terrorism. But at least give something that maybe will stop the terrorism from happening in the first place. We are also trying to help people in our country because our economy is suffering. But we cannot bury our heads in the sand and protect our national interests, in today's complex and dangerous world, on a foreign assistance budget that is less in real terms than it was 15 years ago.  Our world is not simply our towns and our States and our country, it is the whole world. We live in a global economy. The Ebola virus is like a terrorist--the terrorists could get on a plane in one part of the world and could be in our backyard hours later. We can try our best to control our borders, but we cannot hide behind an impenetrable wall.  We have to go to the source of the problem, to the countries that are failing from ignorance, poverty, and injustice.  Almost 60 percent of the world's people live in Asia. That number is growing. Seventy percent of the world's people are nonwhite, 70 percent are non-Christian, 5 percent own more than half the world's wealth, half the world's people suffer from malnutrition, and 70 percent are illiterate.  These people may not knock down skyscrapers that kill 6,000 Americans in a single day. But they pose immense long-term threats to our way of life: Extreme poverty on a massive scale in countries that cannot feed their people today, and the poisoning of our environment. All of these things should be attacked by us just as much as we attack the networks of Osama bin Laden.  We give no credit to the Senate--the greatest parliamentary body--we give no credit to this great body if we block the foreign aid bill from going forward.  I yield the floor.  