So I will not move any action while he is gone.  I wish to urge Senators who have amendments to come forward. There is no reason this bill cannot be finished. Even if we finish it fairly soon, I hope Members of the Senate will realize the importance of this bill.  I remember coming to the Senate at a time when so many would talk about foreign aid as some kind of a massive giveaway. People would ask, What have these countries done to help us? Why are we sending money there? Fortunately, at that time we had people such as Senator Mike Mansfield, a happy memory in the Senate, and people who preceded the Presiding Officer, Senator Jacob Javits on the Republican side who knew how important these programs were.  Of course, you can argue that there are a whole number of reasons. We are the wealthiest, most powerful nation history has ever known. You could speak to the moral reasons we should be helping other countries. We could talk about what it does for our security interests. If we bring about stability in other parts of the world, we help democracy flourish. We would help the middle class build up in areas that otherwise were prone to overthrows of governments, instability, rebellions.  I think of some of the programs that Members of this body have proposed--not necessarily on this bill but others--the School Lunch Program for Africa that former Senator Dole and former Senator McGovern proposed.  I recall last year being down at the White House when they discussed this with President Clinton, and the interesting points brought out. They were talking about countries where families could not feed their children any way, not mentioning anything about educating them.  But if we help those countries have a school lunch program, something that costs us a tiny fraction of what we spend on foreign aid, then children could go to school and learn. But also in a lot of these countries where girls do not go to school, where only the boys go to school, some of the families said: Wait a minute. If we can feed our daughters as well as our sons, we will be able to do that.  Now, what has happened in doing that is we not only benefit those countries, but we can benefit the people there. We carry out the moral aspects of our foreign aid bill. But then we also have money in this bill for health care, not only the health care of the people in these other countries, but there is a provision which would allow us to build up the medical infrastructure of other nations to get rid of possibly another Ebola plague, to have an early warning system when one is existing so the country can act to stop it.  Now, this is not just altruism. There is no disease anywhere in the world that is more than an airplane trip or a postage stamp away from our own country. If we can help countries fight these diseases within their own borders, not only do they help those people but they help all the rest of us.  Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Stabenow). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  