President. I agree with the distinguished Democratic leader in his request because we do want to have discussion of this piece of legislation, but there is no question we will vote on this piece of legislation today and we will pass this legislation today.  I think it is only fitting the Senator from New York is now in the chair as we begin discussion of this legislation because her State was one of those that was badly impacted, terribly impacted, tragically impacted on September 11, as were the people of New Jersey and Connecticut, who worked in the World Trade Towers, and, of course, those at the Pentagon in Virginia, including those in Maryland and the District of Columbia, and actually the whole Nation.  Today we consider H.R. 3162, the second House-passed version of the ``Uniting and Strengthening of America Act'' or ``USA Act of 2001.'' Senate passage of this measure without amendment will amount to final passage of this important legislation, and the bill will be sent to the President for his signature. We complete our work six weeks after the September 11 attacks and months ahead of final action following the destruction of the Federal Building in Oklahoma City in 1995. The American people and the Members of this body deserve fast work and final action.  On October 4, I was pleased to introduce with the Majority Leader, Senator Daschle, and the Chairmen of the Banking and Intelligence Committees, as well as the Republican Leader, Senator Lott, and Senator Hatch and Senator Shelby, the Uniting and Strengthening America, or USA Act. This was not the bill that I, or any of the sponsors, would have written if compromise was unnecessary. Nor was it the bill the Administration had initially proposed and the Attorney General delivered to us on September 19, at a meeting in the Capitol.  We were able to refine and supplement the Administration's original proposal in a number of ways in the original USA Act, and have continued that process in the development of H.R. 3162. The Administration accepted a number of the practical steps I had originally proposed on September 19 to improve our security on the Northern Border, assist our Federal, State and local law enforcement officers, and provide compensation to the victims of terrorist acts and to the public safety officers who gave their lives to protect ours. This final version of the USA Act further improves the compromise by including additional important checks on the proposed expansion of government powers that were not contained in the Attorney General's initial proposal.  Let me outline just ten ways in which we in the bicameral, bipartisan negotiations were able to supplement and improve this legislation from the original proposal we received from the Administration.  We improved security on the Northern Border;  We added money laundering;  We added programs to enhance information sharing and coordination with State and local law enforcement, grants to State and local governments to respond to bioterrorism, and to increase payments to families of fallen firefighters, police officers and other public safety workers;  We added humanitarian relief to immigrant victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks;  We added help to the FBI to hire translators;  We added more comprehensive victims assistance;  We added measures to fight cybercrime;  We added measures to fight terrorism against mass transportation systems;  We added important measures to use technology to make our borders more secure;  Finally, and most importantly, we were able to include additional important checks on the proposed expansion of government powers contained in the Attorney General's initial proposal.  In negotiations with the Administration, I did my best to strike a reasonable balance between the need to address the threat of terrorism, which we all keenly feel at the present time, and the need to protect our constitutional freedoms. Despite my misgivings, I acquiesced in some of the Administration's proposals to move the legislative process forward. That progress has been rewarded by a bill we have been able to improve further during discussions over the last two weeks.  The Senate passed the original version of the USA Act, S. 1510, by a vote of 96-1 on October 11. The House passed a similar bill, based largely on the USA Act, the following day. The Majority Leader and I both strongly believed that a conference would have been the better and faster way to reconcile the differences between the bills, and to consider the proposals that had been included in the managers' amendment to S. 1510, which Republicans did not approve in time for consideration and passage with the Senate bill. The House did not request a conference when it passed the bill, however, and despite the understanding among House and Senate leadership, the House leadership abruptly incorporated the product of our discussions in a new bill rather than proceed to a quick conference.  Yesterday, the House passed H.R. 3162, which was based upon informal agreements reached by Senate and House negotiators, but which did not include additional important provisions to make the Justice Department more efficient and effective in its anti-terrorism efforts and to reduce domestic demand for illegal drugs, some of which are produced and supplied from Taliban-controlled regions of Afghanistan. I am disappointed that the commitment we received to hold a conference--at which these proposals could have been considered more fully--was not honored. Nonetheless, H.R. 3162, which the House passed yesterday, contains additional improvements to the USA Act that had been negotiated on a bicameral, bipartisan basis, and deserves the support of the Senate.  I do believe that some of the provisions contained both in this bill and the original USA Act will face difficult tests in the courts, and that we in Congress may have to revisit these issues at some time in the future when the present crisis has passed, the sunset has expired or the courts find an infirmity in these provisions. I also intendas Chairman of the Judiciary Committee to exercise careful oversight of how the Department of Justice, the FBI and other executive branch agencies are using the newly-expanded powers that this bill will give them. I know that other members of the Judiciary Committee--including Senator Specter, Senator Grassley, and Senator Durbin--appreciate the importance of such oversight.  The negotiations on anti-terrorism legislation have not been easy. Within days of the September 11 attacks, I began work on legislation to address security needs on the Northern Border, the needs of victims and State and local law enforcement, and criminal law improvements. A week after the attack, on September 19, the Attorney General and I exchanged the outlines of the legislative proposals and pledged to work together toward our shared goal of putting tools in the hands of law enforcement that would help prevent another terrorist attack.  Let me be clear: No one can guarantee that Americans will be free from the threat of future terrorist attacks, and to suggest that this legislation--or any legislation--would or could provide such a guarantee would be a false promise. I will not engage in such false promises, and those who make such assertions do a disservice to the American people.  I have also heard claims that if certain powers had been previously authorized by the Congress, we could somehow have prevented the September 11 attacks. Given this rhetoric it may be instructive to review efforts that were made a few years ago in the Senate to provide law enforcement with greater tools to conduct surveillance of terrorists and terrorist organizations. In May 1995, Senator Lieberman offered an amendment to the bill that became the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996 that would have expanded the government's authority to conduct emergency wiretaps to cases of domestic or international terrorism and added a definition of domestic terrorism to include violent or illegal acts apparently intended to ``intimidate, or coerce the civilian population.'' The consensus, bipartisan bill that we consider today contains a very similar definition of domestic terrorism.  In 1995, however, a motion to table Senator Lieberman's amendment was agreed to in a largely party-line vote, with Republicans voting against the measure. In fact, then Senator Ashcroft voted to table that amendment, and one Republican colleague spoke against it and opined, ``I do not think we should expand the wiretap laws any further.'' He further said that ``We must ensure that in our response to recent terrorist acts, we do not destroy the freedoms that we cherish.'' I have worked very hard to maintain that balance in negotiations concerning the current legislation.  Following the exchange on September 19 of our legislative proposals, we have worked over the last month around the clock with the Administration to put together the best legislative package we could. I share the Administration's goal of providing promptly the legal tools necessary to deal with the current terrorist threat. While some have complained publicly that the negotiations have gone on for too long, the issues involved are of great importance, and we will have to live with the laws we enact for a long time to come. Demands for action are irresponsible when the roadmap is pointed in the wrong direction. As Ben Franklin once noted, ``if we surrender our liberty in the name of security, we shall have neither.''  Moreover, our ability to make rapid progress was impeded because the negotiations with the Administration did not progress in a straight line. On several key issues that are of particular concern to me, we had reached an agreement with the Administration on Sunday, September 30. Unfortunately, over the next two days, the Administration announced that it was reneging on the deal. I appreciate the complex task of considering the concerns and missions of multiple Federal agencies, and that sometimes agreements must be modified as their implications are scrutinized by affected agencies. When agreements made by the Administration must be withdrawn and negotiations on resolved issues reopened, those in the Administration who blame the Congress for delay with what the New York Times described as ``scurrilous remarks,'' do not help the process move forward.  We expedited the legislative process in the Judiciary Committee to consider the Administration's proposals. In daily news conferences prior to the original passage of the USA Act, the Attorney General referred to the need for such prompt consideration. He made time to appear before the Judiciary Committee at a hearing September 25 to respond to questions that Members from both parties had about the Administration's initial legislative proposals. I thank the Attorney General for extending the hour and a half he was able to make in his schedule for the hearing for another 15 minutes so that Senator Feinstein and Senator Specter were able to ask questions before his departure. I regret that the Attorney General did not have the time to respond to questions from all the Members of the Committee either on September 25 or at any time since. He promised to answer the written questions Members submitted about the legislation promptly, but we did not receive any answers before passage of S. 1510, H.R. 2975, or H.R. 3162. I will make those answers a part of the hearing record whenever they are received even after final passage of the legislation.  The Chairman of the Constitution Subcommittee, Senator Feingold, also held an important hearing on October 3 on the civil liberties ramifications of the expanded surveillance powers requested by the Administration. I thank him for his assistance in illuminating these critical issues for the Senate.  To accede to the Administration's request for prompt consideration of the USA Act, the Leaders decided to hold the bill at the desk rather than refer it to the Committee for markup, as is regular practice. Senator Hatch specifically urged that this occur. Indeed, when the Senate considered the anti-terrorism act in 1995 after the Oklahoma City bombing, we bypassed the Committee in order to deal with the legislation more promptly on the floor.  After Senate consideration and passage on the one-month anniversary of the terrorist attack, the House Republican leadership decided to proceed with a version of the Senate-passed bill rather than the bill reported by the House Judiciary Committee. H.R. 2975 passed the House with opposition on October 12. Unfortunately, the House did not take the traditional step of requesting a conference to reconcile the bills. In an apparent effort by the Administration and House Republican leadership to try to pressure the Senate to accept that version of the bill, without strong money laundering or biological weapons provisions and with a 5-year sunset, the House failed to take the procedural steps necessary to convene a conference. Had a conference been requested and begun, a final bill would have been passed last week. Instead, without a structure or process, discussions were less concentrated and it was only after a leadership meeting late last week that the major outline of the measure was agreed upon.  During the negotiations over the past two weeks, the Administration sought to eliminate the sunset altogether, but that effort failed. The House insisted that the amendments to the so-called ``McDade law'' be dropped, and the Administration acquiesced. Eventually, the House accepted the Senate's position on the need to include both money laundering and biological weapons provisions. Even then, the House Republican leadership reneged on the agreement to proceed by way of a traditional House-Senate conference. Instead, they opted to proceed by a new bill passed by the House in short order and sent to the Senate as an amendable measure. That brings us to today.  Given the expedited process that has been used to move this legislation through the House and now to the Senate, I will take more time than usual to detail its provisions.  This bill has raised serious and legitimate concerns about the expansion of authorities for government surveillance and intelligence gathering within this country. Indeed, this bill will change surveillance and intelligence procedures for all types of criminal and foreign intelligence investigations, not just for terrorism cases. Significantly, the sunset provision included in the final bill calls for vigilant legislative oversight, so that the Congress will know how these legal authorities areused and whether they are abused over the next four years.  We should be clear at the outset that while the sunset applies to the expanded surveillance authorities under FISA, it does not apply to other controversial provisions in the bill. As originally passed by the House, the sunset did not apply to the provisions on sharing grand jury information with intelligence agencies, in section 203(a), and the so-called ``sneak and peak'' authority for surreptitious search and seizure, in section 213. The final bill, H.R. 3162, removes two more provisions from the sunset--the expanded scope of subpoenas for records of electronic communications, in section 210, and the new authority for pen registers and trap and trace devices in criminal investigations, in section 216.  Congressional oversight is especially necessary to monitor the implementation of these new authorities. I agree with Leader Armey that the sunset will help ensure that law enforcement is responsive to congressional oversight and inquiries on use of these new authorities and that a full record is developed on their efficacy and necessity. The Senate Judiciary Committee has the challenging duty to establish and maintain an oversight regime that allows the Congress to know how these powers are exercised.  This bill will authorize the expanded sharing with intelligence agencies of information collected as part of a criminal investigation, and the expanded use of foreign intelligence surveillance tools and information in criminal investigations. Where foreign-sponsored terrorism is the target of an investigation, criminal and foreign intelligence jurisdictions clearly overlap and agencies must coordinate their efforts accordingly. This bill enters new and uncharted territory by breaking down traditional barriers between law enforcement and foreign intelligence. This is not done just to combat international terrorism, but for any criminal investigation that overlaps a broad definition of ``foreign intelligence.''  Yet, before final passage of this bill, the Senate should recall our nation's unfortunate experience with domestic surveillance and intelligence abuses that came to light in the mid-1970s. Until Watergate and the Vietnam war, Congress allowed the Executive branch virtually a free hand in using the FBI, the CIA, and other intelligence agencies to conduct domestic surveillance in the name of national security. It was the Cold War, Members of Congress were reluctant to take on FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover, and oversight was non-existent. One of the few safeguards enacted into law drew a sharp line between foreign intelligence and law enforcement. The National Security Act of 1947, which established the Central Intelligence Agency, said--and still says today--that the CIA ``shall have no police, subpoena, or law enforcement powers or internal security functions.''  The provisions on the disclosure of ``foreign intelligence'' from Federal criminal investigations make fundamental changes in the rules for the handling of highly sensitive personal, political and business information acquired for law enforcement purposes. Such information may now be disclosed to intelligence, defense, and national security agencies. The law is changed not only to permit the wider sharing of information from grand juries, domestic law enforcement wiretaps, and criminal investigations generally (in section 203), but also to require Federal law enforcement agencies to share this information with intelligence agencies through the Director of Central Intelligence, unless the Attorney General makes exceptions (in section 905).  There would be far less controversy if these provisions were limited to information about domestic or international terrorism or espionage. Instead, they potentially authorize the disclosure throughout intelligence, military, and national security organizations of a far broader range information about United States persons, including citizens, permanent resident aliens, domestic political groups, and companies incorporated in the United States. The information may be shared if it fits the broad definitions of ``foreign intelligence'' and ``foreign intelligence information.''  The term ``foreign intelligence'' is defined to mean ``information relating to the capabilities, intentions, or activities of foreign governments or elements thereof, foreign organizations, or foreign persons, or international terrorist activities.'' The term ``foreign intelligence information'' is defined to include information about a United States person that concerns a foreign power or foreign territory and ``that relates to the national defense or the security of the United States'' or ``the conduct of the foreign affairs of the United States.'' Therefore, potentially, whenever a criminal investigation acquires information about an American citizen's relationship with a foreign country or its government, that information is eligible to be disseminated widely as ``foreign intelligence information''--even if the information is about entirely lawful activities, business transactions, political relationships, or personal opinions.  Criminal investigations acquire voluminous information about persons who are not involved in illegal activity. Many individuals are investigated and later cleared. Many cases are investigated and never prosecuted. Many witnesses are interviewed whose testimony never surfaces at trial. Immunity is granted to compel testimony before grand juries about people who are never indicted. Wiretaps and microphone ``bugs'' and computer communications intercepts pick up extensive information about activities and opinions and personal lives that have no relevance to the criminal activity that they are authorized to detect or monitor. Where regulatory or tax laws carry criminal penalties, investigators probe the confidential financial details of business transactions and records. Federal criminal investigators have enormous discretion, with little statutory or constitutional guidance for how they interview people, conduct physical surveillance, recruit informants in organizations, and request access to records they consider ``relevant'' to an investigation. All that information would be eligible to be disseminated widely within the government, beyond the purposes of the criminal investigation, if it meets the definition of ``foreign intelligence'' or ``foreign intelligence information.''  The risks of misusing this information were documented 25 years ago, when the Congress made public the record of Cold War abuses of investigative powers by Federal agencies acting in the name of national security. The Senate created a Select Committee To Study Governmental Affairs With Respect to Intelligence Communities, chaired by Senator Frank Church, to conduct a year-long investigation with extensive public hearings and detailed reports on the investigations of lawful political dissent and protest. The Church Committee found that the FBI's internal security and domestic intelligence programs compiled massive files on activities protected by the First Amendment and the political opinions of Americans.  During the height of antiwar protest and urban unrest in the late 1960's, Army intelligence joined the FBI in monitoring domestic political activity. National intelligence agencies such as CIA and NSA received extensive reporting from the FBI and the military, as well as from their own intelligence gathering on critics of government policy. Other law enforcement agencies such as the Internal Revenue Service were used to selectively investigate organizations based on their political views. Under President's of both parties, these agencies disseminated information to the White House about the lawful political activities and opinions of critics of Administration policy--all under the rubric of protecting the national security. The scope of intelligence gathering swept up environmental groups, women's liberation activists, and virtually any organization that mounted peaceful protest demonstrations.  During this unfortunate period in our history, the government did more than just gather information about protest and dissent. The FBI developed a systematic program to disrupt domestic groups and discredit their leaders, known as ``COINTELPRO.'' The FBI's efforts included the selective sharing of information from its investigations to deny people employment and smear their reputations. Beginning with Communist and socialist groups, the FBI's COINTELPRO operations spread in the 1960s to the Klan, the ``new left,'' and black militants. Elements of the civilrights and antiwar movements were targeted for disruption because of suspicion that they were ``influenced'' by communists; others because of their strident rhetoric. When some targets were suspected of engaging in violence, the FBI's tactics went so far as to place lives in jeopardy by passing false allegations that individuals were government informants.  The most notorious case was J. Edgar Hoover's vendetta against Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. The Church Committee documented the FBI's effort to discredit Dr. King by disclosing confidential information that was obtained from wiretaps and microphones targeted against him. The wiretaps were justified to the Kennedy and Johnson Administrations on the grounds that some of Dr. King's advisors were Communists, but this excuse allowed the FBI to mount continuous political surveillance to undermine Dr. King's effectiveness. The FBI disseminated allegedly derogatory information not only within the government, but to media and other private organizations including efforts to deny Dr. King the Nobel Peace Prize. Most vicious of all was the FBI's preparation of a composite tape recording that was sent to him anonymously with an apparent invitation to commit suicide. During the 1964 Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City where the greatest controversy involved seating the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party delegates, the FBI provided the Johnson White House a continuous flow of political intelligence from the wiretaps on Dr. King's telephones in Atlantic City.  These methods of domestic political surveillance and covert manipulation and disruption have no place in a free society. They are lawful for the CIA to use against terrorists abroad, under Presidential authorization and oversight by the Intelligence Committees. In the United States, however, such surveillance activities by our government offends our fundamental First Amendment rights of speech and association, and undermines our democratic values. Since the Church Committee investigation, one of the main reasons for maintaining barriers between domestic criminal investigations and foreign intelligence operations has been a concern that the no-hold-barred methods used abroad must not be brought back into this country.  The Church Committee recommended a series of safeguards to restrict the collection of information about Americans by the CIA, the National Security Agency, and other U.S. intelligence agencies. The Attorney General issued guidelines for FBI investigations and Presidents issued Executive Orders requiring procedures approved by the Attorney General for the collection and retention of information about Americans by U.S. intelligence agencies. These guidelines and procedures have served for the past 25 years as a stable framework that, with rare exceptions, has not allowed previous abuses to recur.  The most significant legislative result of the Church Committee investigation was the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 which required court orders for national security electronic surveillance in the United States. No longer did the Executive branch have exclusive control over the vast powers of U.S. intelligence to conduct wiretapping, bugging, and other communications monitoring in this country. Surveillance was limited to foreign powers and agents of foreign powers, and the statutory probable cause standard for targeting an American as an ``agent of a foreign power'' required a showing of clandestine intelligence activities, sabotage, or international terrorist activities on behalf of a foreign power. Americans could not be targeted solely on the basis of activities protected by the First Amendment. Surveillance of Americans under FISA was limited to counterintelligence purposes to defend the nation against foreign spying and terrorism. Americans could not be considered ``agents of a foreign power'' on the basis of their lawful business or political relationships with foreign governments or organizations.  The Congress has been cautious in the decades following the revelations of the Church Committee about allowing use of criminal justice information for other purposes and, specifically, on sharing such information with intelligence agencies. In 1979 Attorney General Benjamin Civiletti testified before the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Constitutional Rights that the guidelines for ``any dissemination outside the Bureau . . . will have to be very, very specific. We will have to be very certain the dissemination is lawful, meets the same standards of certainty, of intent, which is the basic reason for the collection of the information and the investigation. . . .'' On the issue of FBI sharing with the CIA, Attorney General Civiletti said ``you have to be extremely careful in working out, pursuant to the law, the information which is being exchanged, what its purpose is, how it was obtained and collected, so that you are not inadvertently, out of a sense of cooperation or efficiency, perverting or corrupting the fact that the CIA's main duty is foreign intelligence, and they have no charter, no responsibility, and not duty performance, no mission to investigate criminal acts in the United States.''  The bill we are passing today makes potentially sweeping changes in the relationships between the law enforcement and intelligence agencies. In the current crisis, there is justification for expanding authority specifically for counterintelligence to detect and prevent international terrorism. I support the FBI request for broader authority under FISA for pen registers and access to records without having to meet the statutory ``agent of a foreign power'' standard, because the Fourth Amendment does not normally apply to such techniques and the FBI has comparable authority in its criminal investigations. However, I have insisted that this authority to investigate U.S. persons be limited to counterintelligence investigations conducted to protect against international terrorism and spying activities and that such investigations may not be based solely on activities protected by the First Amendment. None of the changes in FISA would authorize investigations of Americans for the broader, more ambiguous purpose of collecting ``foreign intelligence'' generally. In that respect, the bill adheres to the basic principles recommended by the Church Committee.  The gravest departure from that framework, and the one with most potential for abuses, is the new and unprecedented statutory authority for sharing of ``foreign intelligence'' from criminal investigations with ``any other Federal law enforcement, intelligence, protective, immigration, national defense, or national security official.'' The Church Committee warned of the political abuse of the dissemination of intelligence from domestic investigations. Intelligence was disseminated to the White House to track the contacts of members of Congress with particular foreign embassies. Information was volunteered to the White House about Administration critics and other political figures. The Church Committee found ``excessive dissemination of large amounts of relatively useless or totally irrelevant information'' to the White House that was not evaluated and ``thus exaggerated the dangers.''  The Church Committee recommended permitting FBI dissemination of personally identifiable information about Americans to intelligence, military and other national security agencies in two areas--``preventive criminal investigations of terrorist activities'' and ``preventive intelligence investigations of hostile foreign intelligence activities.'' This has been substantially the practice under the Attorney General's guidelines and Executive order procedures since then.  The new authority to disseminate ``foreign intelligence'' from criminal investigations, including grand juries and law enforcement wiretaps, is an invitation to abuse without special safeguards. Fortunately, the final bill includes a provision, which was not in the Administration's original proposal, to maintain some degree of judicial oversight of the dissemination of grand jury information. Within a ``reasonable time'' after the disclosure of grand jury information, a government attorney ``shall file under seal a notice with the court stating the fact that such information was disclosed and the departments, agencies, or entities to which the disclosure was made.'' No such judicial role is provided for the disclosure of information from wiretaps andother criminal investigative techniques including the infiltration of organizations with informants. However, that authority to disclose without judicial review is subject to the sunset in four years.  Other safeguards can, if used properly, minimize the unnecessary disclosure of ``foreign intelligence'' that identifies an American. When the information comes from grand juries or wiretaps, the Attorney General is required under the bill to establish procedures for the disclosure of information that identifies a United States person. The Senate Judiciary Committee will want to take a very close look at these procedures. Although not required under the bill, such procedures would also be desirable for disclosure of information from criminal investigations generally, as permitted under section 203(d). In section 905, where the bill requires disclosure to intelligence agencies from criminal investigations, the Attorney General is authorized to make exceptions and must issue implementing procedures. Again, these procedures will be closely examined by the Senate Judiciary Committee.  These procedures will be critical in determining the scope and impact of these provisions. Will they focus the sharing of information on international terrorism, which is the immediate and compelling need before us, or will they sweep more broadly? Will they permit automatic dissemination to intelligence agencies of any information about foreign governments, foreign organizations, or foreign persons that is obtained in FBI investigations of international organized crime and white collar crime? What are the specific circumstances under which confidential information collected by particular agencies, such as the Internal Revenue Service or the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, will be disseminated to the U.S. Military or other agencies? What will be the guidelines for including information that identifies United States persons? How will need-to-know decisions be made on the handling of this information, and how will access be controlled? What will be done to ensure compliance with the 1947 ban on CIA having ``police, subpoena, or law enforcement powers or internal security functions?''  These and many other questions must be the subject of the Judiciary Committee's oversight of the implementation of the surveillance and intelligence provisions of this bill. Our government is entering uncharted territory. Much of the government's experience from the Cold War era before the mid-1970s warns us of the risks of abuse. Reasonable measures that we are taking to protect against international terrorism may have far-reaching ramifications beyond the immediate crisis. There has never been a greater need for Congressional vigilance to ensure against unnecessary and improper use of the wide discretion being granted by a new law. I intend to ask the Attorney General and the Director of Central Intelligence to advise the Judiciary Committee of their implementation plans and practices every step of the way.  The final bill includes a long overdue remedy for unauthorized disclosure of information obtained from electronic surveillance under FISA and under criminal procedures. If the government monitors the conversations of a person under the electronic surveillance procedures of title 18 or FISA and that information is disclosed without proper authority, the aggrieved person may recover money damages from the Federal Government. Such improper disclosure is what happened in the past when the FBI passed information from the electronic surveillance of Dr. Martin Luther King to selected private individuals and organizations in an effort to discredit Dr. King. The government itself would be liable, in addition to individual employees, if something like this ever happens again.  This provision is especially valuable in this bill, because of the expanded sharing of information from electronic surveillance in criminal cases to agencies with intelligence, military, and other national security responsibilities. When this kind of sensitive information is disseminated more widely, the risk increases that it will be leaked.  As a deterrent against malicious leaks, this provision wisely includes procedures for administrative discipline as well as the civil remedy against the Government. When a court or the appropriate agency determines that there is serious question about whether or not an employee willfully disclosed information without proper authority, disciplinary proceedings must be initiated. If the agency head decides that discipline is not warranted, he or she must notify the Inspector General with jurisdiction over the agency and provide the reasons for the decision not to impose discipline.  Representative Barny Frank deserves credit for developing this proposal, and the Department of Justice has worked with Representative Frank to ensure that the procedures for civil discovery take into account the needs for protecting related criminal investigations or prosecutions and classified operations under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.  When Congress authorized electronic surveillance in 1968 under title 18 and in 1978 under FISA, the legislation imposed civil and criminal sanctions for violations by individuals. This bill takes the law two steps forward by adding government liability and administrative discipline against government employees. Along with the sunset provision, judicial oversight of the sharing of grand jury information, and other improvements, the Frank amendment reflects the valuable contribution of the House of Representatives towards making this a balanced bill.  The heart of every American aches for those who died or have been injured because of the tragic terrorist attacks in New York, Virginia, and Pennsylvania on September 11. Even now, we cannot assess the full measure of this attack in terms of human lives, but we know that the number of casualties is extraordinarily high.  Congress acted swiftly to help the victims of September 11. Within 10 days, we passed legislation to establish a Victims Compensations Program, which will provide fair compensation to those most affected by this national tragedy. I am proud of our work on that legislation, which will expedite payments to thousands of Americans whose lives were so suddenly shattered.  But now more than ever, we should remember the tens of thousands of Americans whose needs are not being met--the victims of crimes that have not made the national headlines. Just one day before the events that have so transformed our nation, I came before this body to express my concern that we were not doing more for crime victims. I noted that the pace of victims legislation had slowed, and that many opportunities for progress had been squandered. I suggested that this year, we had a golden opportunity to make significant progress in this area by passing S. 783, the Leahy-Kennedy Crime Victims Assistance Act of 2001.  I am pleased, therefore, that the antiterrorism package now before the Senate contains substantial portions of S. 783 aimed at refining the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (VOCA), and improving the manner in which the Crime Victims Fund is managed and preserved. Most significantly, section 621 of the USA Act will eliminate the cap on VOCA spending, which has prevented more than $700 million in Fund deposits from reaching victims and supporting essential services.  Congress has capped spending from the Fund for the last two fiscal years, and President Bush has proposed a third cap for fiscal year 2002. These limits on VOCA spending have created a growing sense of confusion and unease by many of those concerned about the future of the Fund.  We should not be imposing artificial caps on VOCA spending while substantial unmet needs continue to exist. Section 621 of the USA Act replaces the cap with a self-regulating system that will ensure stability and protection of Fund assets, while allowing more money to be distributed to the States for victim compensation and assistance.  Other provisions included from S. 783 will also make an immediate difference in the lives of victims, including victims of terrorism. Shortly after the Oklahoma City bombing, I proposed and the Congress adopted the Victims of Terrorism Act of 1995. This legislation authorized the Office for Victims of Crime (OVC) to set aside an emergency reserve of up to $50 million as part of the Crime Victims Fund. The emergency reserve was intended to serve as a ``rainy day'' fund to supplement compensation and assistancegrants to States to provide emergency relief in the wake of an act of terrorism or mass violence that might otherwise overwhelm the resources of a State's crime victim compensation program and crime victim assistance services. Last month's disaster created vast needs that have all but depleted the reserve. Section 621 of the USA Act authorizes OVC to replenish the reserve with up to $50 million, and streamlines the mechanism for replenishment in future years.  Another critical provision of the USA Act will enable OVC to provide more immediate and effective assistance to victims of terrorism and mass violence occurring within the United States. I proposed this measure last year as an amendment to the Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act, but was compelled to drop it to achieve bipartisan consensus. I am pleased that we are finally getting it done this year.  These and other VOCA reforms in the USA Act are long overdue. Yet, I regret that we are not doing more. In my view, we should pass the Crime Victims Assistance Act in its entirety. In addition to the provisions that are included in today's bill, this legislation provides for comprehensive reform of Federal law to establish enhanced rights and protections for victims of Federal crime. It also proposes several programs to help States provide better assistance for victims of State crimes.  I also regret that we have not done more for other victims of recent terrorist attacks. While all Americans are numbed by the heinous acts of September 11, we should not forget the victims of the 1998 embassy bombings in East Africa. Eleven Americans and many Kenyan and Tanzanian nationals employed by the United States lost their lives in that tragic incident. It is my understanding that compensation to the families of these victims has in many instances fallen short. It is my hope that OVC will use a portion of the newly replenished reserve fund to remedy any inequity in the way that these individuals have been treated.  We cannot speak of the victims of the September 11 without also noting that Arab-Americans and Muslims in this country have become the targets of hate crimes, harassment, and intimidation. I applaud the President for speaking out against and condemning such acts, and for visiting a mosque to demonstrate by action that all religions are embraced in this country. I also commend the FBI Director for his periodic reports on the number of hate crime incidents against Arab-American and Muslims that the FBI is aggressively investigating and making clear that this conduct is taken seriously and will be punished.  The USA Act contains, in section 102, a sense of the Congress that crimes and discrimination against Arab and Muslim Americans are condemned, and in section 1002, a provision suggested by Senator Durbin that condemns violence and discrimination against Sikh Americans. Many of us would like to do more, and finally enact effective hate crimes legislation, but the Administration has asked that the debate on that legislation be postponed. One of my greatest regrets regarding the negotiations in this bill was that objections prevented the Local Law Enforcement Enhancement Act, S. 625, from being included in the USA Act.  The Administration's initial proposal was entirely focused on Federal law enforcement. Yet, we must remember that State and local law enforcement officers have critical roles to play in preventing and investigating terrorist acts. I am pleased that the bill we consider today recognizes this fact.  As a former State prosecutor, I know that State and local law enforcement officers are often the first responders to a crime. On September 11, the nation saw that the first on the scene were the heroic firefighters, police officers and emergency personnel in New York City. These New York public safety officers, many of whom gave the ultimate sacrifice, remind us of how important it is to support our State and local law enforcement partners. The USA Act provides three critical measures of Federal support for our State and local law enforcement officers in the war against terrorism.  We streamline and expedite the Public Safety Officers' Benefits application process for family members of fire fighters, police officers and rescue workers who perish or suffer a disabling injury in connection with prevention, investigation, rescue or recovery efforts related to a future terrorist attack.  The Public Safety Officers' Benefits Program provides benefits for each of the families of law enforcement officers, firefighters, and emergency response crew members who are killed or disabled in the line of duty. Current regulations, however, require the families of public safety officers who have fallen in the line of duty to go through a cumbersome and time-consuming application process. In the face of our national fight against terrorism, it is important that we provide a quick process to support the families of brave Americans who selflessly give their lives so that others might live before, during, and after a terrorist attack.  This provision builds on the new law championed by Senator Clinton, Senator Schumer and Congressman Nadler to speed the benefit payment process for families of public safety officers killed in the line of duty in New York City, Virginia, and Western Pennsylvania, on September 11.  We have raised the total amount of Public Safety Officers' Benefit Program payments from approximately $150,000 to $250,000. This provision retroactively goes into effect to provide much-needed relief for the families of the brave men and women who sacrificed their own lives for their fellow Americans during the year. Although this increase in benefits can never replace a family's tragic loss, it is the right thing to do for the families of our fallen heroes. I want to thank Senator Biden and Senator Hatch for their bipartisan leadership on this provision.  We expand the Department of Justice Regional Information Sharing Systems Program to promote information sharing among Federal, State and local law enforcement agencies to investigate and prosecute terrorist conspiracies and activities and authorize a doubling of funding for this year and next year. The RISS Secure Intranet is a nationwide law enforcement network that already allows secure communications among the more than 5,700 Federal, State and local law enforcement agencies. Effective communication is key to effective law enforcement efforts and will be essential in our national fight against terrorism.  The RISS program enables its member agencies to send secure, encrypted communications--whether within just one agency or from one agency to another. Federal agencies, such as the FBI, do not have this capability, but recognize the need for it. Indeed, on September 11, immediately after the terrorist attacks, FBI Headquarters called RISS officials to request ``Smartgate'' cards and readers to secure their communications systems. The FBI agency in Philadelphia called soon after to request more Smartgate cards and readers as well.  The Regional Information Sharing Systems Program is a proven success that we need to expand to improve secure information sharing among Federal, State and local law enforcement agencies to coordinate their counter-terrorism efforts.  During negotiations following initial passage of the Senate and House bills, we added two new provisions to support State and local governments in the final legislation. At Senator Biden's request, the First Responders Assistance Act, was added as section 1005 of H.R. 3062. This provision authorizes a $25 million Department of Justice program to authorize grants to State and local authorities to respond to and prevent acts of terrorism.  I authored section 1014 of H.R. 3062 to authorize a Department of Justice grant program for State and local domestic preparedness support. These grants will help each State prepare for and respond to terrorist acts including but not limited to events of terrorism involving weapons of mass destruction and biological, nuclear, radiological, incendiary, chemical, and explosive devices. This provision improves an appropriated program to provide: 1, additional flexibility to purchase needed equipment; 2, training and technical assistance to State and local first responders; and 3, a more equitable allocation of funds to all States.  Our State and local law enforcement partners welcome the challenge to join in our national mission to combat terrorism. We cannot ask State and locallaw enforcement officers to assume these new national responsibilities without also providing new Federal support. This bill provides five key provisions for necessary Federal support for our State and local law enforcement officers to serve as full partners in our fight against terrorism.  I am deeply troubled by continuing reports that critical information is not being shared with State and local law enforcement. In particular, the recent testimony of Baltimore Police Chief Ed Norris before the House Government Reform Committee highlighted the current problem. I have also spoken to Mayor Giuliani and to Senator Schumer and Senator Clinton about the need for better coordination and information sharing between the FBI and State and local law enforcement authorities who are being called upon to assist in the current terrorism investigations. This is no time for turf battles. The FBI must recognize the contributions of other law enforcement authorities and facilitate their continued cooperation in this national effort.  The unfolding facts about how the terrorists who committed the September 11 attack were able to enter this country without difficulty are chilling. Since the attacks many have pointed to our northern border as vulnerable to the entry of future terrorists. This is not surprising when a simple review of the numbers shows that the northern border has been routinely short-changed in personnel. While the number of border patrol agents along the southern border has increased over the last few years to over 8,000, the number at the northern border has remained the same as a decade ago at 300. This remains true despite the fact that Admad Ressam, the Algerian who planned to blow up the Los Angeles International Airport in 1999, and who has been linked to those involved in the September 11 attacks, chose to enter the United States at our northern border. That border will remain an inviting target until we dramatically improve our security.  The USA Act includes my proposals to provide the substantial and long overdue assistance for our law enforcement and border control efforts along the Northern Border. My home State of Vermont has seen huge increases in Customs and INS activity since the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement. The number of people coming through our borders has risen steeply over the years, but our staff and our resources have not.  I proposed--and this legislation authorizes in section 402--tripling the number of Border Patrol, INS inspectors, and Customs Service employees in each of the States along the 4,000-mile Northern Border. I was gratified when 22 Senators--Democrats and Republicans--wrote to the President supporting such an increase, and now hope that the Administration will fully fund this critical law enforcement improvement.  Senators Cantwell and Schumer in the Committee and Senators Murray and Dorgan have been especially strong advocates of these provisions and I thank them for their leadership. In addition, the USA Act, in section 401, authorizes the Attorney General to waive the FTE cap on INS personnel in order to address the national security needs of the United States on the northern border. Now more than ever, we must patrol our border vigilantly and prevent those who wish America harm from gaining entry. At the same time, we must work with the Canadians to allow speedy crossing to legitimate visitors and foster the continued growth of trade which is beneficial to both countries.  In addition to providing for more personnel, this bill also includes, in section 402(4), my proposal to provide $100 million in funding for both the INS and the Customs Service to improve the technology used to monitor the Northern Border and to purchase additional equipment. The bill also includes, in section 403(c), an important provision from Senator Cantwell directing the Attorney General, in consultation with other agencies, to develop a technical standard for identifying electronically the identity of persons applying for visas or seeking to enter the United States. In short, this bill provides a comprehensive high-tech boost for the security of our nation.  This bill also includes important proposals to enhance data sharing. The bill, in section 403, directs the Attorney General and the FBI Director to give the State Department and INS access to the criminal history information in the FBI's National Crime Information Center (NCIC) database, as the Administration and I both proposed. The Attorney General is directed to report back to the Congress in two years on progress in implementing this requirement. We have also adopted the Administration's language, in section 413, to make it easier for the State Department to share information with foreign governments for aid in terrorist investigations.  The USA Act contains a number of provisions intended to improve and update the Federal criminal code to address better the nature of terrorist activity and assist the FBI in translating foreign language information collected. I will mention just a few of these provisions.  The truth certainly seems self-evident that all the best surveillance techniques in the world will not help this country defend itself from terrorist attack if the information cannot be understood in a timely fashion. Indeed, within days of September 11, the FBI Director issued an employment ad on national TV calling upon Arabic speakers to apply for a job as an FBI translator. This is a dire situation that needs attention. I am therefore gratified that the final bill contains my proposal, in section 205, to waive any Federal personnel requirements and limitations imposed by any other law in order to expedite the hiring of translators at the FBI.  This bill also directs the FBI Director to establish such security requirements as are necessary for the personnel employed as translators. We know the effort to recruit translators has a high priority, and the Congress should provide all possible support. Therefore, the bill calls on the Attorney General to report to the Judiciary Committees on the number of translators employed by the Justice Department; any legal or practical impediments to using translators employed by other Federal, State, or local agencies, on a full, part-time, or shared basis; and the needs of the FBI for specific translation services in certain languages, and recommendations for meeting those needs.  The Administration's initial proposal assembled a laundry list of more than 40 Federal crimes ranging from computer hacking to malicious mischief to the use of weapons of mass destruction, and designated them as ``Federal terrorism offenses,'' regardless of the circumstances under which they were committed. For example, a teenager who spammed the NASA website and, as a result, recklessly caused damage, would be deemed to have committed this new ``terrorism'' offense. Under the Administration's proposal, the consequences of this designation were severe. Crimes on the list would carry no statute of limitations. The maximum penalties would shoot up to life imprisonment, and those released earlier would be subject to a lifetime of supervised release. Moreover, anyone who harbored a person whom he had ``reasonable grounds to suspect'' had committed, or was about to commit, a ``Federal terrorism offense''--whether it was the Taliban or the mother of my hypothetical teenage computer hacker--would be subject to stiff criminal penalties. I worked closely with the Administration to ensure that the definition of ``terrorism'' in the USA Act fit the crime.  First, we have trimmed the list of crimes that may be considered as terrorism predicates in section 808 of the bill. This shorter, more focused list, to be codified at 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2332(g)(5)(B), more closely reflects the sorts of offenses committed by terrorists.  Second, we have provided, in section 809, that the current 8-year limitations period for this new set of offenses will remain in place, except where the commission of the offense resulted in, or created a risk of, death or serious bodily injury.  Third, rather than make an across-the-board, one-size-fits-all increase of the penalties for every offense on the list, without regard to the severity of the offense, we have made, in section 810, more measured increases in maximum penalties where appropriate, including life imprisonment or lifetime supervised release in cases in which the offense resulted in death. We have alsoadded, in section 811, conspiracy provisions to a few criminal statutes where appropriate, with penalties equal to the penalties for the object offense, up to life imprisonment.  Finally, we have more carefully defined the new crime of harboring terrorists in section 803, so that it applies only to those harboring people who have committed, or are about to commit, the most serious of Federal terrorism-related crimes, such as the use of weapons of mass destruction. Moreover, it is not enough that the defendant had ``reasonable grounds to suspect'' that the person he was harboring had committed, or was about to commit, such a crime; the government must prove that the defendant knew or had ``reasonable grounds to believe'' that this was so.  I am deeply disappointed that the amendments to the so-called McDade law, which were included in the original USA Act, S. 1510, which passed the Senate, are not included in the bill before the Senate today. Well before September 11, the Justice Department has said that the McDade law--which subjects Federal prosecutors to multiple and potentially conflicting State bar rules--has delayed important criminal investigations, prevented the use of effective and traditionally-accepted investigative techniques, and served as the basis of litigation to interfere with legitimate Federal prosecutions. Despite this record of opposition, and the increasing demands upon Federal prosecutors in the wake of the terrorist attacks, the Administration simply acceded to House demands to remove this provision of the USA Act. This abandonment has removed a critical law enforcement provision from the bill. No one in the Senate knows more about the importance of this provision than Senator Wyden, who worked strenuously to include the McDade law in this bill. But his efforts and mine proved unavailing without Administration backing through the entire process.  The McDade law has a dubious history, to say the least. At the end of the 105th Congress, it was slipped into an omnibus appropriations bill over the objection of every member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. Since it was adopted, it has caused numerous problems for Federal prosecutors, and we must find a way to amend it before more cases are compromised. At a time when we need Federal law enforcement authorities to move quickly to catch those responsible for the September 11 attacks, and to prevent further attacks on our country, we can no longer tolerate the drag on Federal investigations and prosecutions caused by this ill-considered legislation.  Another provision of the USA Act that was not included in the Administration's initial proposal is section 801, which targets acts of terrorism and other violence against mass transportation systems. Earlier this month, a Greyhound bus crashed in Tennessee after a deranged passenger slit the driver's throat and then grabbed the steering wheel, forcing the bus into oncoming traffic. Six people were killed in the crash. Because there are currently no Federal laws addressing terrorism of mass transportation systems, however, there may be no Federal jurisdiction over such a case, even if it were committed by suspected terrorists. Clearly, there is an urgent need for strong criminal legislation to deter attacks against mass transportation systems. Section 801 will fill this gap.  The Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, 18 U.S.C. Sec.  1030, is the primary Federal criminal statute prohibiting computer frauds and hacking. I worked with Senator Hatch in the last Congress to make improvements to this law in the Internet Security Act, which passed the Senate as part of another bill. Our work is included in section 814 of the USA Act. This section would amend the statute to clarify the appropriate scope of Federal jurisdiction. (1) The bill adds a definition of ``loss'' to cover any reasonable cost to the victim in responding to a computer hacker. Calculation of loss is important both in determining whether the $5,000 jurisdictional hurdle in the statute is met, and, at sentencing, in calculating the appropriate guideline range and restitution amount.  (2) The bill amends the definition of ``protected computer,'' to include qualified computers even when they are physically located outside of the United States. This clarification will preserve the ability of the United States to assist in international hacking cases and finally, this section eliminates the current directive to the Sentencing Commission requiring that all violations, including misdemeanor violations, of certain provisions of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act be punished with a term of imprisonment of at least six months.  Borrowing from a bill introduced in the last Congress by Senator Biden, the USA Act contains a provision in section 817 to strengthen our Federal laws relating to the threat of biological weapons. At a time when the national headlines are filled with news about anthrax and other biological threats, it is fitting that the House added this provision back to the bill after dropping it from H.R. 2975. Unfortunately, the bill does not contain certain regulatory provisions that the Administration initially proposed and later withdrew, apparently due to its inability to resolve inter-agency conflicts. Given the grave importance of this issue, I urge the Administration to resolve these disputes and work with the Congress to provide these additional protections.  Current law prohibits the possession, development, or acquisition of biological agents or toxins ``for use as a weapon.'' Section 817 amends the definition of ``for use as a weapon'' to include all situations in which it can be proven that the defendant had any purpose other than a peaceful purpose. This will enhance the government's ability to prosecute suspected terrorists in possession of biological agents or toxins, and conform the scope of the criminal offense in 18 U.S.C. Sec.  175 more closely to the related forfeiture provision in 18 U.S.C. Sec.  176. This section also contains a new statute, 18 U.S.C. Sec.  175b, which generally makes it an offense for certain restricted persons, including non-resident aliens from countries that support international terrorism, to possess a listed biological agent or toxin.  Of greater consequence, section 817 defines another additional offense, punishable by up to 10 years in prison, of possessing a biological agent, toxin, or delivery system ``of a type or in a quantity that, under the circumstances,'' is not reasonably justified by a peaceful purpose. As originally proposed by the Administration, this provision specifically stated that knowledge of whether the type or quantity of the agent or toxin was reasonably justified was not an element of the offense. Thus, although the burden of proof is always on the government, every person who possesses a biological agent, toxin, or delivery system was at some level of risk. At my urging, the Administration agreed to drop this portion of the provision.  Nevertheless, I remain troubled by the subjectivity of the substantive standard for violation of this new criminal prohibition, and question whether it provides sufficient notice under the Constitution. I also share the concerns of the American Society for Microbiology and the Association of American Universities that this provision will have a chilling effect upon legitimate scientific inquiry that offsets any benefit in protecting against terrorism. While we have tried to prevent against this by creating an explicit exclusion for ``bona fide research,'' this provision may yet prove unworkable, unconstitutional, or both. I urge the Justice Department and the research community to work together on substitute language that would provide prosecutors with a more workable tool.  Two sections of the USA Act were added at the request of the United States Secret Service, with the support of the Administration. I was pleased to accommodate the Secret Service by including these provisions in the bill to expand Electronic Crimes Task Forces and to clarify the authority of the Secret Service to investigate computer crimes.  The Secret Service is committed to the development of new tools to combat the growing areas of financial crime, computer fraud, and cyberterrorism. Recognizing a need for law enforcement, private industry and academia to pool their resources, skills, and vision to combat criminal elements in cyberspace, the Secret Service created the New York Electronic Crimes Task Force (NYECTF). This highly successful model includesover 250 individual members, including 50 different Federal, State and local law enforcement agencies, 100 private companies, and 9 universities. Since its inception in 1995, the NYECTF has successfully investigated a range of financial and electronic crimes, including credit card fraud, identity theft, bank fraud, computer systems intrusions, and e-mail threats against protectees of the Secret Service. Section 105 of the USA Act authorizes the Secret Service to develop similar task forces in cities and regions across the country where critical infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks from terrorists or other cyber-criminals.  Section 506 of the USA Act gives the Secret Service concurrent jurisdiction to investigate offenses under 18 U.S.C. Sec.  1030 relating to fraud and related activity in connection with computers. Prior to the 1996 amendments to the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the Secret Service was authorized to investigate any and all violations of section 1030, pursuant to an agreement between the Secretary of Treasury and the Attorney General. The 1996 amendments, however, concentrated Secret Service jurisdiction on certain specified subsections of section 1030. The current amendment would return full jurisdiction to the Secret Service and would allow the Justice and Treasury Departments to decide on the appropriate work-sharing balance between the two. This will enable the Secret Service to investigate a wide range of potential White House network intrusions, as well as intrusions into remote sites (outside of the White House) that could impact the safety and security of its protectees, and to continue its missions to protect the nation's critical infrastructure and financial payment systems.  The USA Act also authorizes, for the first time, a counter-terrorism fund in the Treasury of the United States to reimburse Justice Department for any costs incurred in connection with the fight against terrorism. I first authored this counter-terrorism fund in S. 1319, the 21st Century Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act, which Senator Hatch and I introduced in August.  Specifically, this counter-terrorism fund may be used: (1) to reestablish an office or facility that has been damaged as the result of any domestic or international terrorism incident; (2) to provide support to counter, investigate, or prosecute domestic or international terrorism, including paying rewards in connection with these activities; (3) to conduct terrorism threat assessments of Federal agencies; and (4) for costs incurred in connection with detaining individuals in foreign countries who are accused of acts of terrorism in violation of United States law.  This bill provides enhanced surveillance procedures for the investigation of terrorism and other crimes. The challenge before us has been to strike a reasonable balance to protect both the security and the liberties of our people. In some respects, the changes made are appropriate and important ones to update surveillance and investigative procedures in light of new technology and experience with current law. Yet, as I noted at the beginning of my statement, in other respects, I have deep concerns that we may be increasing surveillance powers and the sharing of criminal justice information without adequate checks on how information may be handled and without adequate accountability in the form of judicial review.  The bill contains a number of sensible proposals that should not be controversial.  For example, sections 201 and 202 of the USA Act would add to the list of crimes that may be used as predicates for wiretaps certain offenses which are specifically tailored to the terrorist threat. In addition to crimes that relate directly to terrorism, the list would include crimes of computer fraud and abuse which are committed by terrorists to support and advance their illegal objectives.  The bill, in section 206, would authorize the use of roving wiretaps in the course of a foreign intelligence investigation and brings FISA into line with criminal procedures that allow surveillance to follow a person, rather than requiring a separate court order identifying each telephone company or other communication common carrier whose assistance is needed. This is a matter on which the Attorney General and I reached early agreement. This is the kind of change that has a compelling justification, because it recognizes the ease with which targets of investigations can evade surveillance by changing phones. In fact, the original roving wiretap authority for use in criminal investigations was enacted as part of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, ECPA, in 1986. I was proud to be the primary Senate sponsor of that earlier law.  Paralleling the statutory rules applicable to criminal investigations, the formulation I originally proposed made clear that this roving wiretap authority must be requested in the application before the FISA court was authorized to order such roving surveillance authority. Indeed, the Administration agrees that the FISA court may not grant such authority sua sponte. Nevertheless, we have accepted the Administration's formulation of the new roving wiretap authority, which requires the FISA court to make a finding that the actions of the person whose communications are to be intercepted could have the effect of thwarting the identification of a specified facility or place. While no amendment is made to the statutory directions for what must be included in the application for a FISA electronic surveillance order, these applications should include the necessary information to support the FISA court's finding that roving wiretap authority is warranted.  Section 220 of this bill authorizes nationwide service of search warrants in terrorism investigations. This will allow the judge who is most familiar with the developments in a fast-breaking and complex terrorism investigation to make determinations of probable cause, no matter where the property to be searched is located. This will not only save time by avoiding having to bring up-to-speed another judge in another jurisdiction where the property is located, but also serves privacy and Fourth Amendment interests in ensuring that the most knowledgeable judge makes the determination of probable cause. The bill, in section 209, also authorizes voice mail messages to be seized on the authority of a probable cause search warrant rather than through the more burdensome and time-consuming process of a wiretap.  The bill updates the laws pertaining to electronic records in three primary ways. First, in section 210, the bill authorizes the nationwide service of subpoenas for subscriber information and expands the list of items subject to subpoena to include the means and source of payment for the service.  In section 211, the bill equalizes the standard for law enforcement access to cable subscriber records on the same basis as other electronic records. The Cable Communications Policy Act, passed in 1984 to regulate various aspects of the cable television industry, did not take into account the changes in technology that have occurred over the last fifteen years. Cable television companies now often provide Internet access and telephone service in addition to television programming. This amendment clarifies that a cable company must comply with the laws governing the interception and disclosure of wire and electronic communications just like any other telephone company or Internet service provider. The amendments would retain current standards that govern the release of customer records for television programming.  Finally, the bill, in section 212, permits, but does not require, an electronic communications service to disclose the contents of and subscriber information about communications in emergencies involving the immediate danger of death or serious physical injury. Under current law, if an ISP's customer receives an e-mail death threat from another customer of the same ISP, and the victim provides a copy of the communication to the ISP, the ISP is limited in what actions it may take. On one hand, the ISP may disclose the contents of the forwarded communication to law enforcement (or to any other third party as it sees fit). See 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2702(b)(3). On the other hand, current law does not expressly authorize the ISP to voluntarily provide law enforcement with the identity, home address, and other subscriber information of the user making the threat. See 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2703(c)(1)(B),(C) (permitting disclosureto government entities only in response to legal process). In those cases where the risk of death or injury is imminent, the law should not require providers to sit idly by. This voluntary disclosure, however, in no way creates an affirmative obligation to review customer communications in search of such imminent dangers.  Also, under existing law, a provider (even one providing services to the public) may disclose the contents of a customer's communications--to law enforcement or anyone else--in order to protect its rights or property. See 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2702(b)(5). However, the current statute does not expressly permit a provider voluntarily to disclose non-content records (such as a subscriber's login records) to law enforcement for purposes of self-protection. See 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2703(c)(1)(B). Yet the right to disclose the content of communications necessarily implies the less intrusive ability to disclose non-content records. Cf. United States v. Auler, 539 F.2d 642, 646 n.9 (7th Cir. 1976) (phone company's authority to monitor and disclose conversations to protect against fraud necessarily implies right to commit lesser invasion of using, and disclosing fruits of, pen register device) (citing United States v. Freeman, 524 F.2d 337, 341 (7th Cir. 1975)). Moreover, as a practical matter providers must have the right to disclose the facts surrounding attacks on their systems. When a telephone carrier is defrauded by a subscriber, or when an ISP's authorized user launches a network intrusion against his own ISP, the provider must have the legal ability to report the complete details of the crime to law enforcement. The bill clarifies that service providers have the statutory authority to make such disclosures.  There is consensus that the existing legal procedures for pen register and trap-and-trace authority are antiquated and need to be updated. I have been proposing ways to update the pen register and trap and trace statutes for several years, but not necessarily in the same ways as the Administration initially proposed. In fact, in 1998, I introduced with then-Senator Ashcroft, the E-PRIVACY Act, S. 2067, which proposed changes in the pen register laws. In 1999, I introduced the E-RIGHTS Act, S. 934, also with proposals to update the pen register laws.  Again, in the last Congress, I introduced the Internet Security Act, S. 2430, on April 13, 2000, that proposed: 1, changing the pen register and trap and trace device law to give nationwide effect to pen register and trap and trace orders obtained by Government attorneys and obviate the need to obtain identical orders in multiple Federal jurisdictions; 2, clarifying that such devices can be used for computer transmissions to obtain electronic addresses, not just on telephone lines; and 3, as a guard against abuse, providing for meaningful judicial review of government attorney applications for pen registers and trap and trace devices.  As the outline of my earlier legislation suggests, I have long supported modernizing the pen register and trap and trace device laws by modifying the statutory language to cover the use of these orders on computer transmissions; to remove the jurisdictional limits on service of these orders; and to update the judicial review procedure, which, unlike any other area in criminal procedure, bars the exercise of judicial discretion in reviewing the justification for the order. The USA Act, in section 216, updates the pen register and trap and trace laws only in two out of three respects I believe are important, and without allowing meaningful judicial review. Yet, we were able to improve the Administration's initial proposal, which suffered from the same problems as the provision that was hastily taken up and passed by the Senate, by voice vote, on September, 13, 2001, as an amendment to the Commerce Justice State Appropriations Act.  The existing legal procedures for pen register and trap-and-trace authority require service of individual orders for installation of pen register or trap and trace device on the service providers that carried the targeted communications. Deregulation of the telecommunications industry has had the consequence that one communication may be carried by multiple providers. For example, a telephone call may be carried by a competitive local exchange carrier, which passes it at a switch to a local Bell Operating Company, which passes it to a long distance carrier, which hands it to an incumbent local exchange carrier elsewhere in the U.S., which in turn may finally hand it to a cellular carrier. If these carriers do not pass source information with each call, identifying that source may require compelling information from a host of providers located throughout the country.  Under present law, a court may only authorize the installation of a pen register or trap device ``within the jurisdiction of the court.'' As a result, when one provider indicates that the source of a communication is a carrier in another district, a second order may be necessary. The Department of Justice has advised, for example, that in 1996, a hacker (who later turned out to be launching his attacks from a foreign country) extensively penetrated computers belonging to the Department of Defense. This hacker was dialing into a computer at Harvard University and used this computer as an intermediate staging point in an effort to conceal his location and identity. Investigators obtained a trap and trace order instructing the phone company, Nynex, to trace these calls, but Nynex could only report that the communications were coming to it from a long-distance carrier, MCI. Investigators then applied for a court order to obtain the connection information from MCI, but since the hacker was no longer actually using the connection, MCI could not identify its source. Only if the investigators could have served MCI with a trap and trace order while the hacker was actively on-line could they have successfully traced back and located him.  In another example provided by the Department of Justice, investigators encountered similar difficulties in attempting to track Kevin Mitnick, a criminal who continued to hack into computers attached to the Internet despite the fact that he was on supervised release for a prior computer crime conviction. The FBI attempted to trace these electronic communications while they were in progress. In order to evade arrest, however, Mitnick moved around the country and used cloned cellular phones and other evasive techniques. His hacking attacks would often pass through one of two cellular carriers, a local phone company, and then two Internet service providers. In this situation, where investigators and service providers had to act quickly to trace Mitnick in the act of hacking, only many repeated attempts--accompanied by an order to each service provider--finally produced success. Fortunately, Mitnick was such a persistent hacker that he gave law enforcement many chances to complete the trace.  This duplicative process of obtaining a separate order for each link in the communications chain can be quite time-consuming, and it serves no useful purpose since the original court has already authorized the trace. Moreover, a second or third order addressed to a particular carrier that carried part of a prior communication may prove useless during the next attack: in computer intrusion cases, for example, the target may use an entirely different path (i.e., utilize a different set of intermediate providers) for his or her subsequent activity.  The bill would modify the pen register and trap and trace statutes to allow for nationwide service of a single order for installation of these devices, without the necessity of returning to court for each new carrier. I support this change.  The language of the existing statute is hopelessly out of date and speaks of a pen register or trap and trace ``device'' being ``attached'' to a telephone ``line.'' However, the rapid computerization of the telephone system has changed the tracing process. No longer are such functions normally accomplished by physical hardware components attached to telephone lines. Instead, these functions are typically performed by computerized collection and retention of call routing information passing through a communications system.  The statute's definition of a ``pen register'' as a ``device'' that is ``attached'' to a particular ``telephone line'' is particularly obsolete when applied to the wireless portion of a cellular phone call, which has no line to which anything can be attached. While courts have authorized pen register orders for wireless phones based on thenotion of obtaining access to a ``virtual line,'' updating the law to keep pace with current technology is a better course.  Moreover, the statute is ill-equipped to facilitate the tracing of communications that take place over the Internet. For example, the pen register definition refers to telephone ``numbers'' rather than the broader concept of a user's communications account. Although pen register and trap orders have been obtained for activity on computer networks, Internet service providers have challenged the application of the statute to electronic communications, frustrating legitimate investigations. I have long supported updating the statute by removing words such as ``numbers . . . dialed'' that do not apply to the way that pen/trap devices are used and to clarify the statute's proper application to tracing communications in an electronic environment, but in a manner that is technology neutral and does not capture the content of communications. That being said, I have been concerned about the FBI and Justice Department's insistence over the past few years that the pen/trap devices statutes be updated with broad, undefined terms that continue to flame concerns that these laws will be used to intercept private communications content.  The Administration's initial pen/trap device proposal added the terms ``routing'' and ``addressing'' to the definitions describing the information that was authorized for interception on the low relevance standard under these laws. The Administration and the Department of Justice flatly rejected my suggestion that these terms be defined to respond to concerns that the new terms might encompass matter considered content, which may be captured only upon a showing of probable cause, not the mere relevancy of the pen/trap statute. Instead, the Administration agreed that the definition should expressly exclude the use of pen/trap devices to intercept ``content,'' which is broadly defined in 18 U.S.C. 2510(8).  While this is an improvement, the FBI and Justice Department are short-sighted in their refusal to define these terms. We should be clear about the consequence of not providing definitions for these new terms in the pen/trap device statutes. These terms will be defined, if not by the Congress, then by the courts in the context of criminal cases where pen/trap devices have been used and challenged by defendants. If a court determines that a pen register has captured ``content,'' which the FBI admits such devices do, in violation of the Fourth Amendment, suppression may be ordered, not only of the pen register evidence by any other evidence derived from it. We are leaving the courts with little or no guidance of what is covered by ``addressing'' or ``routing.''  The USA Act also requires the government to use reasonably available technology that limits the interceptions under the pen/trap device laws ``so as not to include the contents of any wire or electronic communications.'' This limitation on the technology used by the government to execute pen/trap orders is important since, as the FBI advised me in June 2000, pen register devices ``do capture all electronic impulses transmitted by the facility on which they are attached, including such impulses transmitted after a phone call is connected to the called party.'' The impulses made after the call is connected could reflect the electronic banking transactions a caller makes, or the electronic ordering from a catalogue that a customer makes over the telephone, or the electronic ordering of a prescription drug.  This transactional data intercepted after the call is connected is ``content.'' As the Justice Department explained in a May 1998 letter to then-House Judiciary Committee Chairman Henry Hyde, ``the retrieval of the electronic impulses that a caller necessarily generated in attempting to direct the phone call'' does not constitute a ``search'' requiring probable cause since ``no part of the substantive information transmitted after the caller had reached the called party'' is obtained. But the Justice Department made clear that ``all of the information transmitted after a phone call is connected to the called party . . . is substantive in nature. These electronic impulses are the `contents' of the call: They are not used to direct or process the call, but instead convey certain messages to the recipient.''  When I added the direction on use of reasonably available technology (codified as 18 U.S.C. 3121(c)) to the pen register statute as part of the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act (CALEA) in 1994, I recognized that these devices collected content and that such collection was unconstitutional on the mere relevance standard. Nevertheless, the FBI advised me in June 2000, that pen register devices for telephone services ``continue to operate as they have for decades'' and that ``there has been no change . . . that would better restrict the recording or decoding of electronic or other impulses to the dialing and signaling information utilized in call processing.'' Perhaps, if there were meaningful judicial review and accountability, the FBI would take the statutory direction more seriously and actually implement it.  Due in significant part to the fact that pen/trap devices in use today collect ``content,'' I have sought in legislation introduced over the past few years to update and modify the judicial review procedure for pen register and trap and trace devices. Existing law requires an attorney for the government to certify that the information likely to be obtained by the installation of a pen register or trap and trace device will be relevant to an ongoing criminal investigation. The court is required to issue an order upon seeing the prosecutor's certification. The court is not authorized to look behind the certification to evaluate the judgement of the prosecutor.  I have urged that government attorneys be required to include facts about their investigations in their applications for pen/trap orders and allow courts to grant such orders only where the facts support the relevancy of the information likely to be obtained by the orders. This is not a change in the applicable standard, which would remain the very low relevancy standard. Instead, this change would simply allow the court to evaluate the facts presented by a prosecutor, and, if it finds that the facts support the government's assertion that the information to be collected will be relevant, issue the order. Although this change will place an additional burden on law enforcement, it will allow the courts a greater ability to assure that government attorneys are using such orders properly.  Some have called this change a ``roll-back'' in the statute, as if the concept of allowing meaningful judicial review was an extreme position. To the contrary, this is a change that the Clinton Administration supported in legislation transmitted to the Congress last year. This is a change that the House Judiciary Committee also supported last year. In the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, H.R. 5018, that Committee proposed that before a pen/trap device ``could be ordered installed, the government must first demonstrate to an independent judge that `specific and articulable facts reasonably indicate that a crime has been, is being, or will be committed, and information likely to be obtained by such installation and use . . . is relevant to an investigation of that crime.'' (Report 106-932, 106th Cong. 2d Sess., Oct. 4, 2000, p. 13). Unfortunately, the Bush Administration has taken a contrary position and has rejected this change in the judicial review process.  Currently, an owner or operator of a computer that is accessed by a hacker as a means for the hacker to reach a third computer, cannot simply consent to law enforcement monitoring of the computer. Instead, because the owner or operator is not technically a party to the communication, law enforcement needs wiretap authorization under Title III to conduct such monitoring. I have long been interested in closing this loophole. Indeed, when I asked about this problem, the FBI explained to me in June 2000 that:       This anomaly in the law creates an untenable situation      whereby providers are sometimes forced to sit idly by as they      witness hackers enter and, in some situations, destroy or      damage their systems and networks while law enforcement      begins the detailed process of seeking court authorization to      assist them. In the real world, the situation is akin to a      homeowner being forced to helplessly watch a burglar or      vandal while police seek a search warrant to enter the      dwelling.  I therefore introduced as part of the Internet Security Act, S. 2430, in 2000,an exception to the wiretap statute that would explicitly permit such monitoring without a wiretap if prior consent is obtained from the person whose computer is being hacked through and used to send ``harmful interference to a lawfully operating computer system.''  The Administration initially proposed a different formulation of the exception that would have allowed an owner/operator of any computer connected to the Internet to consent to FBI wiretapping of any user who violated a workplace computer use policy or online service term of service and was thereby an ``unauthorized'' user. The Administration's proposal was not limited to computer hacking offenses under 18 U.S.C. 1030 or to conduct that caused harm to a computer or computer system. The Administration rejected these refinements to their proposed wiretap exception, but did agree, in section 217 of the USA Act, to limit the authority for wiretapping with the consent of the owner/operator to communications of unauthorized users without an existing subscriber or other contractual relationship with the owner/operator.  This bill will make significant changes in the sharing of confidential criminal justice information with various Federal agencies. For those of us who have been concerned about the leaks from the FBI that can irreparably damage reputations of innocent people and frustrate investigations by alerting suspects to flee or destroy material evidence, the Administration's insistence on the broadest authority to disseminate such information, without any judicial check, is disturbing. Nonetheless, I believe we have improved the Administration's initial proposal in responsible ways. Only time will tell whether the improvements we were able to reach agreement on are sufficient.  At the outset, we should be clear that current law allows the sharing of confidential criminal justice information, but with close court supervision. Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 6(e) provides that matters occurring before a grand jury may be disclosed only to an attorney for the government, such other government personnel as are necessary to assist the attorney and another grand jury. Further disclosure is also allowed as specifically authorized by a court.  Similarly, section 2517 of title 18, United States Code provides that wiretap evidence may be disclosed in testimony during official proceedings and to investigative or law enforcement officers to the extent appropriate to the proper performance of their official duties. In addition, the wiretap law allows disclosure of wiretap evidence ``relating to offenses other than specified in the order'' when authorized or approved by a judge. Indeed, just last year, the Justice Department assured us that ``law enforcement agencies have authority under current law to share title III information regarding terrorism with intelligence agencies when the information is of overriding importance to the national security.'' (Letter from Robert Raben, Assistant Attorney General, September 28, 2000).  For this reason, and others, the Justice Department at the time opposed an amendment proposed by Senators Kyl and Feinstein to S. 2507, the Intelligence Authorization Act for FY 2001, that would have allowed the sharing of foreign intelligence and counterintelligence information collected from wiretaps with the intelligence community. I deferred to the Justice Department on this issue and sought changes in the proposed amendment to address the Department's concern that this provision was not only unnecessary but also ``could have significant implications for prosecutions and the discovery process in litigation,'' ``raises significant issues regarding the sharing with intelligence agencies of information collected about United States persons,'' and jeopardized ``the need to protect equities relating to ongoing criminal investigations.'' In the end, the amendment was revised to address the Justice Department's concerns and passed the Senate as a free-standing bill, S. 3205, the Counterterrorism Act of 2000. The House took no action on this legislation.  The Administration initially proposed adding a sweeping provision to the wiretap statute that broadened the definition of an ``investigative or law enforcement officer'' who may receive disclosures of information obtained through wiretaps to include Federal law enforcement, intelligence, national security, national defense, protective and immigration personnel and the President and Vice President. This proposal troubled me because information intercepted by a wiretap has enormous potential to infringe upon the privacy rights of innocent people, including people who are not even suspected of a crime and merely happen to speak on the telephone with the targets of an investigation. For this reason, the authority to disclose information obtained through a wiretap has always been carefully circumscribed in law.  While I recognize that appropriate officials in the executive branch of government should have access to wiretap information that is important to combating terrorism or protecting the national security, I proposed allowing such disclosures where specifically authorized by a court order. Further, with respect to information relating to terrorism, I proposed allowing the disclosure without a court order as long as the judge who authorized the wiretap was notified as soon as practicable after the fact. This would have provided a check against abuses of the disclosure authority by providing for review by a neutral judicial official. At the same time, there was a little likelihood that a judge would deny any requests for disclosure in cases where it was warranted.  On Sunday, September 30, the Administration agreed to my proposal, but within two days, it backed away from its agreement. I remain concerned that the resulting provision will allow the unprecedented, widespread disclosure of this highly sensitive information without any notification to or review by the court that authorizes and supervises the wiretap. This is clearly an area where our Committee will have to exercise close oversight to make sure that the newly-minted disclosure authority is not being abused.  The Administration offered three reasons for reneging on the original deal. First, they claimed that the involvement of the court would inhibit Federal investigators and attorneys from disclosing information needed by intelligence and national security officials. Second, they said the courts might not have adequate security and therefore should not be told that information was disclosed for intelligence or national security purposes. And third, they said the President's constitutional powers under Article II give him authority to get whatever foreign intelligence he needs to exercise his national security responsibilities.  I believe these concerns are unfounded. Federal investigators and attorneys will recognize the need to disclose information relevant to terrorism investigations. Courts can be trusted to keep secrets and recognize the needs of the President.  Current law requires that such information be used only for law enforcement purposes. This provides an assurance that highly intrusive invasions of privacy are confined to the purpose for which they have been approved by a court, based on probable cause, as required by the Fourth Amendment. Current law calls for minimization procedures to ensure that the surveillance does not gather information about private and personal conduct and conversations that are not relevant to the criminal investigation.  When the Administration reneged on the agreement regarding court supervision, we turned to other safeguards and were more successful in changing other questionable features of the Administration's bill. The Administration accepted my proposal to strike the term ``national security'' from the description of wiretap information that may be shared throughout the executive branch and replace it with ``foreign intelligence'' information. This change is important in clarifying what information may be disclosed because the term ``foreign intelligence'' is specifically defined by statute whereas ``national security'' is not.  Moreover, the rubric of ``national security'' has been used to justify some particularly unsavory activities by the government in the past. We must have at least some assurance that we are not embarked on a course that will lead to a repetition of these abuses because the statute will now more clearly define what type of information is subject to disclosure. In addition, Federal officials who receive the informationmay use it only as necessary to the conduct of their official duties. Therefore, any disclosure or use outside the conduct of their official duties remains subject to all limitations applicable to their retention and dissemination of information of the type of information received. This includes the Privacy Act, the criminal penalties for unauthorized disclosure of electronic surveillance information under chapter 119 of title 18, and the contempt penalties for unauthorized disclosure of grand jury information. In addition, the Attorney General must establish procedures for the handling of information that identifies a United States person, such as the restrictions on retention and dissemination of foreign intelligence and counterintelligence information pertaining to United States persons currently in effect under Executive Order 12333.  While these safeguards do not fully substitute for court supervision, they can provide some assurance against misuse of the private, personal, and business information about Americans that is acquired in the course of criminal investigations and that may flow more widely in the intelligence, defense, and national security worlds.  The wiretap statute was not the only provision in which the Administration sought broader authority to disclose highly sensitive investigative information. It also proposed broadening Rule 6(e) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure to allow the disclosure of information relating to terrorism and national security obtained from grand jury proceedings to a broad range of officials in the executive branch of government. As with wiretaps, few would disagree that information learned in a criminal investigation that is necessary to combating terrorism or protecting the national security ought to be shared with the appropriate intelligence and national security officials. The question is how best to regulate and limit such disclosures so as not to compromise the important policies of secrecy and confidentiality that have long applied to grand jury proceedings.  I proposed that we require judicial review of requests to disclose terrorism and foreign intelligence information to officials in the executive branch beyond those already authorized to receive such disclosures. Once again, the Administration agreed to my proposal on Sunday, September 30, but reneged within two days. As a result, the bill does not provide for any judicial supervision of the new authorization for dissemination of grand jury information throughout the executive branch. The bill does contain the safeguards that I have discussed with respect to law enforcement wiretap information. However, as with the new wiretap disclosure authority, I am troubled by this issue and plan to exercise the close oversight of the Judiciary Committee to make sure it is not being abused.  The Administration also sought a provision that would allow the sharing of foreign intelligence information throughout the executive branch of the government notwithstanding any current legal prohibition that may prevent or limit its disclosure. I have resisted this proposal more strongly than anything else that still remains in the bill. What concerns me is that it is not clear what existing prohibitions this provision would affect beyond the grand jury secrecy rule and the wiretap statute, which are already covered by other provisions in the bill. Even the Administration, which wrote this provision, has not been able to provide a fully satisfactory explanation of its scope.  If there are specific laws that the Administration believes impede the necessary sharing of information on terrorism and foreign intelligence within the executive branch, we should address those problems through legislation that is narrowly targeted to those statutes. Tacking on a blunderbuss provision whose scope we do not fully understand can only lead to consequences that we cannot foresee. Further, I am concerned that such legislation, broadly authorizing the secret sharing of intelligence information throughout the executive branch, will fuel the unwarranted fears and dark conspiracy theories of Americans who do not trust their government. This was another provision on which the Administration reneged on its agreement with me; it agreed to drop it on September 30, but resurrected it within two days, insisting that it remain in the bill. I have made efforts to mitigate its potential for abuse somewhat by adding the same safeguards that apply to disclosure of law enforcement wiretap and grand jury information.  Another issue that has caused serious concern relates to the Administration's proposal for so-called ``sneak and peek'' search warrants. The House Judiciary Committee dropped this proposal entirely from its version of the legislation. Normally, when law enforcement officers execute a search warrant, they must leave a copy of the warrant and a receipt for all property seized at the premises searched. Thus, even if the search occurs when the owner of the premises is not present, the owner will receive notice that the premises have been lawfully searched pursuant to a warrant rather than, for example, burglarized.  Two circuit courts of appeal, the Second and the Ninth Circuits, have recognized a limited exception to this requirement. When specifically authorized by the issuing judge or magistrate, the officers may delay providing notice of the search to avoid compromising an ongoing investigation or for some other good reason. However, this authority has been carefully circumscribed.  First, the Second and Ninth Circuit cases have dealt only with situations where the officers search a premises without seizing any tangible property. As the Second Circuit explained, such searches are ``less intrusive than a conventional search with physical seizure because the latter deprives the owner not only of privacy but also of the use of his property.'' United States v. Villegas, 899 F.2d 1324, 1337 (2d Cir. 1990).  Second, the cases have required that the officers seeking the warrant must show good reason for the delay. Finally, while the courts have allowed notice of the search may be delayed, it must be provided within a reasonable period thereafter, which should generally be no more than seven days. The reasons for these careful limitations were spelled out succinctly by Judge Sneed of the Ninth Circuit: ``The mere thought of strangers walking through and visually examining the center of our privacy interest, our home, arouses our passion for freedom as does nothing else. That passion, the true source of the Fourth Amendment, demands that surreptitious entries be closely circumscribed.'' United States v. Freitas, 800 F.2d 1451, 1456 (9th Cir. 1986).  The Administration's original proposal would have ignored some of the key limitations created by the case law for sneak and peek search warrants. First, it would have broadly authorized officers not only to conduct surreptitious searches, but also to secretly seize any type of property without any additional showing of necessity. This type of warrant, which has never been addressed by a published decision of a Federal appellate court, has been referred to in a law review article written by an FBI agent as a ``sneak and steal'' warrant. See K. Corr, ``Sneaky But Lawful: The Use of Sneak and Peek Search Warrants,'' 43 U. Kan. L. Rev. 1103, 1113 (1995). Second, the proposal would simply have adopted the procedural requirements of 18 U.S.C. Sec.  2705 for providing delayed notice of a wiretap. Among other things, this would have extended the permissible period of delay to a maximum of 90 days, instead of the presumptive seven-day period provided by the caselaw on sneak and peek warrants.  I was able to make significant improvements in the Administration's original proposal that will help to ensure that the government's authority to obtain sneak and peek warrants is not abused. First, the provision that is now in section 213 of the bill prohibits the government from seizing any tangible property or any wire or electronic communication or stored electronic information unless it makes a showing of reasonable necessity for the seizure. Thus, in contrast to the Administration's original proposal, the presumption is that the warrant will authorize only a search unless the government can make a specific showing of additional need for a seizure. Second, the provision now requires that notice be given within a reasonable time of the execution of the warrant rather than giving a blanket authorization for up to a 90-day delay. What constitutes a reasonable time, of course, will depend upon the circumstances of the particular case. But I would expect courtsto be guided by the teachings of the Second and the Ninth Circuits that, in the ordinary case, a reasonable time is no more than seven days.  Several changes in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, FISA, are designed to clarify technical aspects of the statutory framework and take account of experience in practical implementation. These changes are subject to the four-year sunset.  The USA Act, in section 207, changes the duration of electronic surveillance under FISA in cases of an agent of a foreign power, other than a United States persons, who acts in the United States as an officer or employee of a foreign power or as a member of an international terrorist group. Current law limits court orders in these cases to 90 days, the same duration as for United States persons. Experience indicates, however, that after the initial period has confirmed probable cause that the foreign national meets the statutory standard, court orders are renewed repeatedly and the 90-day renewal becomes an unnecessary procedural for investigators taxed with far more pressing duties.  The Administration proposed that the period of electronic surveillance be changed from 90 days to one year in these cases. This proposal did not ensure adequate review after the initial stage to ensure that the probable cause determination remained justified over time. Therefore, the bill changes the initial period of the surveillance from 90 to 120 days and changes the period for extensions from 90 days to one year. The initial 120-day period provides for a review of the results of the surveillance or search directed at an individual before one-year extensions are requested. These changes do not affect surveillance of a United States person.  The bill also changes the period for execution of an order for physical search under FISA from 45 to 90 days. This change applies to United States persons as well as foreign nationals. Experience since physical search authority was added to FISA in 1994 indicates that 45 days is frequently not long enough to plan and carry out a covert physical search. There is no change in the restrictions which provide that United States persons may not be the targets of search or surveillance under FISA unless a judge finds probable cause to believe that they are agents of foreign powers who engage in specified international terrorist, sabotage, or clandestine intelligence activities that may involve a violation of the criminal statutes of the United States.  The bill, in section 208, seeks to ensure that the special court established under FISA has sufficient judges to handle the workload. While changing the duration of orders and extensions will reduce the number of cases in some categories, the bill retains the court's role in pen register and trap and trace cases and expands the court's responsibility for issuing orders for records and other tangible items needed for counterintelligence and counter terrorism investigations. Upon reviewing the court's requirements, the Administration requested an increase in the number of Federal district judges designated for the court from seven to 11 of whom no less than three shall reside within 20 miles of the District of Columbia. The latter provision ensures that more than one judge is available to handle cases on short notice and reduces the need to invoke the alternative of Attorney General approval under the emergency authorities in FISA.  Other changes in FISA and related national security laws are more controversial. In several areas, the bill reflects a serious effort to accommodate the requests for expanded surveillance authority with the need for safeguards against misuse, especially the gathering of intelligence about the lawful political or commercial activities of Americans. One of the most difficult issues was whether to eliminate the existing statutory ``agent of a foreign power'' standards for surveillance and investigative techniques that raise important privacy concerns, but not at the level that the Supreme Court has held to require a court order and a probable cause finding under the Fourth Amendment. These include pen register and trap and trace devices, access to business records and other tangible items held by third parties, and access to records that have statutory privacy protection. The latter include telephone, bank, and credit records.  The ``agent of a foreign power'' standard in existing law was designed to ensure that the FBI and other intelligence agencies do not use these surveillance and investigative methods to investigate the lawful activities of Americans in the name of an undefined authority to collect foreign intelligence or counterintelligence information. The law has required a showing of reasonable suspicion, less than probable cause, to believe that a United States person is an ``agent of a foreign power'' engaged in international terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities.  However, the ``agent of a foreign power'' standard is more stringent than the standard under comparable criminal law enforcement procedures which require only a showing of relevance to a criminal investigation. The FBI's experience under existing laws since they were enacted at various time over the past 15 years has been that, in practice, the requirement to show reasonable suspicion that a person is an ``agent of a foreign power'' has been almost as burdensome as the requirement to show probable cause required by the Fourth Amendment for more intrusive techniques. The FBI has made a clear case that a relevance standard is appropriate for counterintelligence and counterterrorism investigations, as well as for criminal investigations.  The challenge, then, was to define those investigations. The alternative proposed by the Administration was to cover any investigation to obtain foreign intelligence information. This was extremely broad, because the definition includes any information with respect to a foreign power that relates to, and if concerning a United States person is necessary to, the national defense or the security of the United States or the conduct of the foreign affairs of the United States. This goes far beyond FBI counterintelligence and counterterrorism requirements. Instead, the bill requires that use of the surveillance technique or access to the records concerning a United States person be relevant to an investigation to protect against international terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities.  In addition, an investigation of a United States person may not be based solely on activities protected by the First Amendment. This framework applies to pen registers and trap and trace under section 215, access to records and other items under section 215, and the national security authorities for access to telephone, bank, and credit records. Lawful political dissent and protest by American citizens against the government may not be the basis for FBI counterintelligence and counterterrorism investigations under these provisions.  A separate issue for pen registers and trap and trace under FISA is whether the court should have the discretion to make the decision on relevance. The Administration has insisted on a certification process. I discussed this issue as it comes up in the criminal procedures for pen registers and trap and trace under title 18, and my concerns apply to the FISA procedures as well.  Among the more controversial changes in FISA requested by the Administration was the proposal to allow surveillance and search when ``a purpose'' is to obtain foreign intelligence information. Current law requires that the secret procedures and different probable cause standards under FISA be used only if a high-level executive official certifies that ``the purpose'' is to obtain foreign intelligence formation. The Administration's aim was to allow FISA surveillance and search for law enforcement purposes, so long as there was at least some element of a foreign intelligence purpose. This proposal raised constitutional concerns, which were addressed in a legal opinion provided by the Justice Department.  The Justice Department opinion did not defend the constitutionality of the original proposal. Instead, it addressed a suggestion made by Senator Feinstein to the Attorney General at the Judiciary Committee hearing to change ``the purpose'' to ``a significant purpose.'' No matter what statutory change is made even the Department concedes that the court may impose a constitutional requirement of ``primary purpose'' based on the appellate court decisions upholding FISA against constitutional challenges over the past 20 years.  Section 218 of the bill adopts ``significant purpose,'' and it will be up to the courts to determine how far law enforcement agencies may use FISA for criminal investigation and prosecution beyond the scope of the statutory definition of ``foreign intelligence information.''  In addition, I proposed and the Administration agreed to an additional provision in Section 505 that clarifies the boundaries for consultation and coordination between officials who conduct FISA search and surveillance and Federal law enforcement officials including prosecutors. Such consultation and coordination is authorized for the enforcement of laws that protect against international terrorism, clandestine intelligence activities of foreign agents, and other grave foreign threats to the nation. Protection against these foreign-based threats by any lawful means is within the scope of the definition of ``foreign intelligence information,'' and the use of FISA to gather evidence for the enforcement of these laws was contemplated in the enactment of FISA. The Justice Department's opinion cites relevant legislative history from the Senate Intelligence Committee's report in 1978, and there is comparable language in the House report.  The Administration initially proposed that the Attorney General be authorized to detain any alien indefinitely upon his certification that the alien met the criteria of the terrorism grounds of the Immigration and Nationality Act, or was engaged in any other activity endangering the national security of the United States. Under close questioning by both Senator Kennedy and Senator Specter at the Committee hearing on September 25, the Attorney General said that his proposal was intended only to allow the government to hold an alien suspected of terrorist activity while deportation proceedings were ongoing. In response to a question by Senator Specter, the Attorney General said: ``Our intention is to be able to detain individuals who are the subject of deportation proceedings on other grounds, to detain them as if they were the subject of deportation proceedings on terrorism.'' The Justice Department, however, continued to insist on broader authority, including the power to detain even if the alien was found not to be deportable.  I remain concerned about the provision, in section 412, but I believe that we have twice improved it from the original proposal offered by the Administration, first in S. 1510 and second in the bill we pass today. S. 1510 provided that the Justice Department had to charge an alien with an immigration or criminal violation within seven days of taking custody, and that the merits of the Attorney General's certification were subject to judicial review. The bill we vote on today is further improved. First, if an alien is found not to be removable, he must be released from custody. Second, the Attorney General can only delegate the power to certify an alien to the Deputy Attorney General, ensuring greater accountability and preventing the certification decision from being made by low-level officials. Third, the Attorney General must review his certification of an alien every six months. Fourth, an alien who is found to be removable but has not been removed, and whose removal is unlikely in the reasonably foreseeable future, may be detained only if the Attorney General demonstrates that release of the alien will adversely affect national security or the safety of the community or any person. This improvement is essential to preserve the constitutionality of the bill. Fifth, habeas corpus review of detention is made available in the District where the detention is occurring, instead of only in the District Court in the District of Columbia. Despite these improvements, this remains a major and controversial new power for the Attorney General, and I would urge him and his successors to employ great discretion in using it.  In addition, the Administration initially proposed a sweeping definition of terrorist activity and new powers for the Secretary of State to designate an organization as a terrorist organization for purposes of immigration law. We were able to work with the Administration to refine this definition to limit its application to individuals who had innocent contacts with non-designated organizations. We also limited the retroactive effect of these new definitions. If an alien solicited funds or membership, or provided material support for an organization that was not designated at that time by the Secretary of State, the alien will have the opportunity to show that he did not know and should have known that his acts would further the organization's terrorist activity. This is substantially better than the administration's proposal, which by its terms, would have empowered the INS to deport someone who raised money for the African National Congress in the 1980s.  Throughout our negotiations on these issues, Senator Kennedy provided steadfast leadership. Although neither of us are entirely pleased with the final product, it is far better than it would have been without his active involvement.  I was disappointed that the Administration's initial proposal authorizing the President to impose unilateral food and medical sanctions would have undermined a law we passed last year with overwhelming bipartisan support.  Under that law, the President already has full authority to impose unilateral food and medicine sanctions during this crisis because of two exceptions built into the law that apply to our current situation. Nevertheless, the Administration sought to undo this law and obtain virtually unlimited authority in the future to impose food and medicine embargoes, without making any effort for a multi-lateral approach in cooperation with other nations. Absent such a multi-lateral approach, other nations would be free to step in immediately and take over business from American firms and farmers that they are unilaterally barred from pursuing.  Over 30 farm and export groups, including the American Farm Bureau Federation, the Grocery Manufacturers of America, the National Farmers Union, and the U.S. Dairy Export Council, wrote to me and explained that the Administration proposal would ``not achieve its intended policy goal.''  I worked with Senator Enzi, and other Senators, on substitute language to give the Administration the tools it needs in this crisis. This substitute has been carefully crafted to avoid needlessly hurting American farmers in the future, yet it will assure that the U.S. can engage in effective multilateral sanctions.  This bipartisan agreement limits the authority in the bill to existing laws and executive orders, which give the President full authority regarding this conflict, and grants authority for the President to restrict exports of agricultural products, medicine or medical devices. I continue to agree with then-Senator Ashcroft, who argued in 1999 that unilateral U.S. food and medicine sanctions simply do not work when he introduced the ``Food and Medicine for the World Act.'' As recently as October 2000, then-Senator Ashcroft pointed out how broad, unilateral embargoes of food or medicine are often counterproductive. Many Republican and Democratic Senators made it clear just last year that the U.S. should work with other countries on food and medical sanctions so that the sanctions will be effective in hurting our enemies, instead of just hurting the U.S. I am glad that with Senator Enzi's help, we were able to make changes in the trade sanctions provision to both protect our farmers and help the President during this crisis.  Title III of this bill contains money laundering provisions agreed upon by the relevant House and Senate committees. I commend the Chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, Senator Sarbanes, for working with the House to produce a balanced and effective package of measures to combat international money laundering and the financing of terrorism.  The Senate included money laundering provisions in the original USA Act, but those provisions were removed from the bill the House passed the following day. Instead, the House passed a separate money laundering bill, H.R. 3004, on October 17. House and Senate negotiators then met to resolve the differences between the bills and produce the language contained in the bill the Senate considers today.  I am very pleased that the House has agreed to include money laundering provisions in anti-terrorism legislation. Preventing money laundering is acrucial part of our efforts to defeat terrorism, and it was important for Congress to develop a bipartisan approach to strengthening our laws. This bill contains such an approach.  I am also pleased that a number of provisions that would have undermined the Civil Asset Forfeiture Act of 2000, which I sponsored in the Senate, have been removed. In addition, this bill does not include language that would have unduly expanded administrative subpoena powers in all money laundering cases. A more targeted approach was necessary, and has been produced.  This measure could not be considered today and would not be in the improved condition it is without the steadfast commitment of our Majority Leader. Senator Daschle deserves all the credit for all that is good in this bill. Without his commitment and focus, we simply would not be in the position to pass this bill today.  On my behalf and more importantly on behalf of the American people, I want to publicly acknowledge his vital role in this legislation.  I have done my best under the circumstances and want to thank especially Senator Kennedy for his leadership on the Immigration parts of the bill. My efforts have not been completely successful and there are a number of provisions on which the Administration has insisted with which I disagree. Frankly, the agreement of September 30, 2001 on the sharing of criminal justice information would have led to a better balanced bill. I could not stop the Administration from reneging on the agreement any more than I could have sped the process to reconstitute this bill in the aftermath of those breaches. In these times we need to work together to face the challenges of international terrorism. I have sought to do so in good faith.  We have worked around the clock for the past month to put forward the best legislative package we could. While I share the administration's goal of promptly providing the tools necessary to deal with the current terrorist threat, I feel strongly that our responsibilities include equipping such tools with safety features to ensure that these tools do not cause harm and are not misused.  I want to conclude my remarks with thanks for the efforts of many staff members who have worked tirelessly under unusual and enormously inconvenient circumstances to help us craft the legislation before us today. In particular, I want to thank Mark Childress and Andrea LaRue on the staff of Majority Leader Daschle, and David Hoppe on the staff of Republican Leader Lott. I would also like to thank Makan Delrahim, Jeff Taylor, Stuart Nash, and Leah Belaire with Senator Hatch, the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee, Melody Barnes and Esther Olavarria with Senator Kennedy, Neil McBride and Eric Rosen with Senator Biden, Bob Schiff with Senator Feingold, and Stacy Baird and Beth Stein with Senator Cantwell. Finally, I would like to thank my own Judiciary Committee staff, especially Bruce Cohen, Beryl Howell, Julie Katzman, Ed Pagano, John Elliff, David James, Ed Barron, Tim Lynch, Susan Davies, Manu Bhardwaj, Liz McMahon, and Tara Magner.  I ask unanimous consent that a section-by-section analysis be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows: The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required To Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot) Act of 2001,                  H.R. 3162--Section-by-Section Analysis       Sec. 1. Short title and table of contents. Both S. 1510      passed by the Senate on October 11, 2001 (the ``Senate      bill''), and H.R. 2975 passed by the House of Representatives      on October 12, 2001, included this section containing the      short title ``Uniting and Strengthening America (USA) Act of      2001'' and the table of contents for the Act. H.R. 3162, the      bill subsequently passed by the House on October 24, 2001      (the ``House bill''), changed the title to the ``Uniting and      Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required      to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of      2001.''       Sec. 2. Construction; severability. Both the House and      Senate bills included this rule of construction to provide      that any portion of this Act found to be invalid or      unenforceable by its terms, or as applied to any person or      circumstance, shall be construed to give it the maximum      effect permitted by law and that any portion found invalid or      unenforceable in its entirety shall be severable from the      rest of the Act.         title i--enhancing domestic security against terrorism       Sec. 101. Counterterrorism fund. Both the House and Senate      bills included this provision to establish a counterterrorism      fund in the Treasury of the United States, without affecting      prior appropriations, to reimburse Department of Justice      components for costs incurred in connection with terrorism      and terrorism prevention, rebuild any Justice Department      component damaged or destroyed as a result of a terrorism      incident, pay terrorism-related rewards, conduct terrorism      threat assessments, and reimburse Federal agencies for costs      incurred in connection with detaining suspected terrorists in      foreign countries. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 102. Sense of Congress condemning discrimination      against Arab and Muslim Americans. Both the House and Senate      bills included this provision to condemn acts of violence and      discrimination against Arab Americans, American Muslims, and      Americans from South Asia, and to declare that every effort      must be taken to protect their safety. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 103. Increased funding for the technical support      center at the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Both the House      and Senate bills included this provision to      authorize $200,000,000 per year for fiscal years 2002,      2003 and 2004 for the Technical Support Center established      in section 811 of the Antiterrorism and Effective Death      Penalty Act of 1996 to help meet the demands of activities      to combat terrorism and enhance the technical support and      tactical operations of the FBI. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 104. Requests for Military Assistance to Enforce      Prohibition in Certain Emergencies. Both the House and Senate      bills included this provision to authorize the Attorney      General to request military assistance in support of      Department of Justice activities relating to the enforcement      of 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2332a during an emergency situation      involving a weapon of mass destruction. Current law      references a statute that was repealed in 1998, relating to      chemical weapons. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 105. Expansion of National Electronic Crime Task Force      Initiative. Both the House and Senate bills included this      provision to allow the Secret Service to develop a national      network of electronic crime task forces, based on the highly      successful New York Electronic Crimes Task Force model, for      the purpose of preventing, detecting, and investigating      various forms of electronic crimes, including potential      terrorist attacks against critical infrastructure and      financial payment systems. Not in original Administration      proposal.       Sec. 106. Presidential authority. Both the House and Senate      bills included this provision to give to the President, in      limited circumstances involving armed hostilities or attacks      against the United States, the power to confiscate and vest      in the United States the property of enemies of the United      States during times of national emergency, which was      permitted by the Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 app. U.S.C.      Sec. 5(b), until 1977, when the International Economic      Emergency Act was passed. The new provision permits the      President, when the United States is engaged in military      hostilities or has been subject to attack, to confiscate      property of any foreign country, person or organization      involved in hostilities or attacks on the United States. This      section also permits courts, when reviewing determinations      made by the executive branch, to consider classified evidence      ex parte and in camera. Same as original Administration      proposal.               TITLE II--ENHANCED SURVEILLANCE PROCEDURES       [Note: Elimination of original Administration proposal to      allow government use of wiretap information on U.S. citizens      obtained illegally overseas in violation of the Fourth      Amendment and of foreign government laws.]       Sec. 201. Authority to intercept wire, oral, and electronic      communications relating to terrorism. Both the House and      Senate bills included this provision to add criminal      violations relating to terrorism to the list of predicate      statutes in the criminal procedures for interception of      communications under chapter 119 of title 18, United States      Code. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 202. Authority to intercept wire, oral, and electronic      communications relating to computer fraud and abuse offenses.      Both the House and Senate bills included this provision to      add criminal violations relating to computer fraud and abuse      to the list of predicate statutes in the criminal procedures      for interception of communications under chapter 119 of title      18, United States Code. Not in original Administration      proposal.       Sec. 203. Authority to share criminal investigative      information. Both the House and Senate bills included      provisions amending the criminal procedures for interception      of communications under chapter 119 of title 18, United      States Code, and the grand jury procedures under Rule 6(e) of      the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedures to authorize      disclosure of foreign intelligence information obtained by      such interception or by a grand jury to any Federal law      enforcement, intelligence, national security, national      defense, protective or immigration personnel to assist the      official receiving that information in     the performance of his official duties. Section 203(a)      requires that within a reasonable time after disclosure of      any grand jury information, an attorney for the government      notify the court of such disclosure and the departments,      agencies or entities to which disclosure was made. Section      203(b) pertains to foreign intelligence information obtained      by intercepting communications pursuant to a court-ordered      wiretap. Section 203(c) also authorizes such disclosure of      information obtained as part of a criminal investigation      notwithstanding any other law.       The information must meet statutory definitions of foreign      intelligence or counterintelligence or foreign intelligence      information. Recipients may use that information only as      necessary for their official duties, and use of the      information outside those limits remains subject to      applicable penalties, such as penalties for unauthorized      disclosure under chapter 119, contempt penalties under Rule      6(e) and the Privacy Act. The Attorney General must establish      procedures for disclosure of information that identifies a      United States person, such as the current procedures      established under Executive Order 12333 for the intelligence      community. Modified Administration proposal to limit scope of      personnel eligible to receive information. In case of grand      jury information, limited proposal to require notification to      court after disclosure.       Sec. 204. Clarification of intelligence exceptions from      limitations on interception and disclosure of wire, oral, and      electronic communications. Both the House and Senate bills      included this provision to amend the criminal procedures for      interception of wire, oral, and electronic communications in      title 18, United States Code, to make clear that these      procedures do not apply to the collection of foreign      intelligence information under the statutory foreign      intelligence authorities. Not in original Administration      proposal.       Sec. 205. Employment of translators by the Federal Bureau      of Investigation. Both the House and Senate bills included      this provision to authorize the FBI Director to expedite the      employment of personnel as translators to support      counterterrorism investigations and operations without regard      to applicable Federal personnel requirements and limitations.      Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 206. Roving surveillance authority under the Foreign      Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. Both the House and      Senate bills included this provision to modify the Foreign      Intelligence Surveillance Act (``FISA'') to allow      surveillance to follow a person who uses multiple      communications devices or locations, a modification which      conforms FISA to the parallel criminal procedure for      electronic surveillance in 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2518(11)(b). The      court order need not specify the person whose assistance to      the surveillance is required (such as a particular      communications common carrier), where the court finds that      the actions of the target may have the effect of thwarting      the identification of a specified person. Same as original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 207. Duration of FISA surveillance of non-United      States persons who are agents of foreign power. Both the      House and Senate bills included this provision to change the      initial period of a FISA order for a surveillance or physical      search targeted against an agent of a foreign power from 90      to 120 days, and changes the period for extensions from 90      days to one year. One-year extensions for physical searches      are subject to the requirement in current law that the judge      find ``probable cause to believe that no property of any      United States person will be acquired during the period.''      Section 207 also changes the ordinary period for physical      searches under FISA from 45 to 90 days. Narrower than      Administration proposal which sought to eliminate the initial      90-day limitation and authorize surveillance for up to one      year from the outset.       Sec. 208. Designation of judges. Both the House and Senate      bills included this provision to increase the number of      Federal district judges designated to serve on the FISA court      from seven to 11, and requires that no less that 3 of the      judges reside within 20 miles of the District of Columbia.      Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 209. Seizure of voice-mail messages pursuant to      warrants. Both the House and Senate bills included this      provision to authorize government access to voice mails with      a court order supported by probable cause in the same way e-     mails currently may be accessed, and authorizes nationwide      service with a single search warrant for voice mails. Current      law, 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2510(1), defines ``wire communication''      to include ``any electronic storage of such communication,''      with the result that the government must apply for a Title      III wiretap order before it may obtain unopened voice mail      messages held by a service provider. This section amends the      definition of ``wire communication'' so that it no longer      includes stored communications. It also amends 18 U.S.C.      Sec. 2703 to specify that the government may use a search      warrant (instead of a wiretap order) to compel the production      of unopened voicemail, thus harmonizing the rules applicable      to stored voice and non-voice (e.g., e-mail) communications.      Same as Administration proposal.       Sec. 210. Scope of subpoenas for records of electronic      communications. Both the House and Senate bills included this      provision to broaden the types of records that law      enforcement may obtain, pursuant to a subpoena, from      electronic communications service providers by requiring      providers to disclose the means and source of payment,      including any bank account or credit card numbers. Current      law allows the government to use a subpoena to compel      communications providers to disclose a small class of records      that pertain to electronic communications, limited to such      records as the customer's name, address, and length of      service. 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2703(c)(1)(C). Investigators may not      use a subpoena to obtain such records as credit card number      or other form of payment and must use a court order. In many      cases, users register with Internet service providers using      false names, making the form of payment critical to      determining the user's true identity. Same as original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 211. Clarification of scope. Both the House and Senate      bills included provisions to amend the Cable Communications      Policy Act to clarify that when a cable company acts as a      telephone company or an Internet service provider, it must      comply with the same laws governing the interception and      disclosure of wire and electronic communications that apply      to any other telephone company or Internet service provider.      This section also expressly provides, however, that      authorized disclosures under this provision do not include      records that reveal customer cable viewing activity. Modified      original Administration proposal to specify that targets do      not receive advance notice of wiretap order and amends      title 47 to accomplish same purpose as administration      proposal.       Sec. 212. Emergency disclosure of electronic communications      to protect life and limb. Both the House and Senate bills      included this provision to amend 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2702 to      authorize providers of electronic communications services to      disclose the communications (or records of such      communications) of their subscribers if the provider      reasonably believes that an emergency involving immediate      danger of death or serious physical injury to any person      requires the disclosure of the information without delay.      This section also corrects an anomaly in the current law by      clearly permitting a provider to disclose non-content records      (such as a subscriber's log-in records) as well as the      contents of the customer's communications to protect their      computer systems. Same as original Administration proposal.       Sec. 213. Authority for delaying notice of the execution of      a warrant. Both the House and Senate bills included this      provision to amend 18 U.S.C. Sec. 3103a to authorize a court      to issue a search warrant in which the government is      permitted to delay providing notice of the warrant's      execution. Consistent with the requirements of case law from      the Second and Ninth Circuits, this section also provides      several limitations on this authority. See United States v.      Villegas, 899 F.2d 1324 (2d Cir. 1990); United States v.      Freitas, 800 F.2d 1451 (9th Cir. 1986). First, delayed notice      is authorized only in cases where the government has      demonstrated reasonable cause to believe that providing      immediate notice would have an adverse result as defined in      18 U.S.C. Sec. 2705. Second, the provision prohibits the      government from seizing any tangible property or any wire or      electronic communication or stored wire or electronic      communication unless it makes a showing of reasonable      necessity for the seizure. Third, the warrant must require      the giving of notice within a reasonable time of the      execution of the search. Narrower than original      Administration proposal, which would have permitted delay as      law enforcement saw fit.       Sec. 214. Pen register and trap and trace authority under      FISA. Both the House and Senate bills included this provision      to modify FISA provisions for pen register and trap and trace      to eliminate the requirement to show to the court that the      target is in contact with an ``agent of a foreign power.'' It      replaces this requirement with a determination that the pen      register or trap and trace is relevant to an investigation to      protect against international terrorism or clandestine      intelligence activities or to obtain foreign intelligence      information not concerning U.S. persons. Any investigation of      a United States person may not be based solely on activities      protected by the First Amendment. Narrower than original      Administration proposal, which would simply have removed      the ``agent of a foreign power'' requirement.       Sec. 215. Access to records and other items under the FISA.      Both the House and Senate bills included this provision to      remove the ``agent of a foreign power'' standard for court-     ordered access to certain business records under FISA and      expands the scope of court orders to include access to other      records and tangible items. The authority may be used for an      investigation to protect against international terrorism or      clandestine intelligence activities or to obtain foreign      intelligence information not concerning U.S. persons. An      investigation of a United States person may not be based      solely on activities protected by the First Amendment.      Narrower than original Administration proposal, which would      have removed requirements of court order and the ``agent of a      foreign power'' showing.       Sec. 216. Modification of authorities relating to use of      pen registers and trap and trace devices. Both the House and      Senate bills included this provision to authorize courts to      grant pen register and trap and trace orders that are valid      anywhere in the nation. It also ensures that the pen register      and trap and trace provisions apply to facilities other than      telephone lines (e.g., the Internet). It specifically      provides, however, that the grant of authority to capture      ``routing'' and     ``addressing'' information for Internet users does not      authorize the interception of the content of any such      communications. It further requires the government to use the      latest available technology to insure that a pen register or      trap and trace device does not intercept the content of any      communications. Finally, it provides for a report to the      court on each use of ``Carnivore''-like devices on packet-     switched data networks. Makes a number of improvements over      Administration proposal, including exclusion of content,      exclusion of ISP liability, and Carnivore report.       Sec. 217. Interception of computer trespasser      communications. Both the House and Senate bills included this      provision to allow computer service providers who are victims      of attacks by computer trespassers to authorize persons      acting under color of law to monitor trespassers on their      computer systems in a narrow class of cases. A computer      trespasser is defined as a person who accesses a protected      computer without authorization and thus has no reasonable      expectation of privacy in any communications transmitted to,      through, or from the protected computer. However, it does not      include a person known by the owner or operator of the      protected computer to have an existing contractual      relationship with the owner or operator for access to all or      part of the protected computer. Narrower than original      Administration proposal, which did not exclude service      provider subscribers from definition of trespasser and did      not limit interception authority to only those      communications through the computer in question.       Sec. 218. Foreign intelligence information. Both the House      and Senate bills included this provision to amend FISA to      require a certification that ``a significant purpose'' rather      than ``the purpose'' of a surveillance or search under FISA      is to obtain foreign intelligence information. Narrower than      Administration proposal, which would have allowed FISA      surveillance if intelligence gathering was merely ``a''      purpose.       Sec. 219. Single-jurisdiction search warrants for      terrorism. Both the House and Senate bills included this      provision to amend Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 41(a)      to provide that warrants relating to the investigation of      terrorist activities may be obtained in any district in which      the activities related to the terrorism may have occurred,      regardless of where the warrants will be executed. Same as      Administration proposal.       Sec. 220. Nationwide service of search warrants for      electronic surveillance. Both the House and Senate bills      included this provision to amend 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2703(a) to      authorize courts with jurisdiction over the offense to issue      search warrants for electronic communications in electronic      storage anywhere in the United States, without requiring the      intervention of their counterparts in the districts where      Internet service providers are located. Narrower than      Administration proposal in that it limits forum shopping      problem by limiting to courts with jurisdiction over the      offense.       Sec. 221. Trade sanctions. Both the House and Senate bills      included this provision to authorize the President      unilaterally to restrict exports of agricultural products,      medicine or medical devices to the Taliban or the territory      of Afghanistan controlled by the Taliban. Narrower than      original Administration proposal which would have undermined      the congressional approval requirement, conferring upon the      President control of agricultural and medical exports ``to      all designated terrorists and narcotics entities wherever      they are located.''       Sec. 222. Assistance to law enforcement agencies. Both the      House and Senate bills included this provision that this Act      does not impose any additional technical requirements on a      provider of a wire or electronic communication service and      that a provider of a wire or electronic communication      service, landlord, custodian or other person who furnishes      facilities or technical assistance pursuant to section 216      shall be reasonably compensated for expenditures incurred in      providing such facilities or assistance. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 223. Civil liability for certain unauthorized      disclosures. H.R. 2975 included this provision to create      civil liability for violations, including unauthorized      disclosures, by law enforcement authorities of the electronic      surveillance procedures set forth in title 18, United States      Code (e.g., unauthorized disclosure of pen trap, wiretap,      stored communications), or FISA information. Also requires      administrative discipline of officials who engage in such      unauthorized disclosures. Not in original Administration      proposal.       Sec. 224. Sunset. H.R. 2975 included a provision to sunset      certain amendments made by this title in 3 to 5 years. H.R.      3162 provides a 4-year sunset for sections 206, 201, 202,      203(b), 204, 206, 207, 209, 210, 212, 214, 215, 217, 218,      220, 223--at the end December 31, 2005, with the authorities      ``grandfathered'' as to particular investigations based on      offenses occurring prior to sunset. No sunset provided in      original Administration proposal or S. 1510, and four-year      sunset shorter than the five-year sunset in H.R. 2975.Title III--INTERNATIONAL MONEY LAUNDERING ABATEMENT AND ANTI-TERRORIST                          FINANCING ACT OF 2001       [Note: Elimination of original Administration proposals to      allow broad disclosure of individual tax return information;      pre-trial restraint of legitimately obtained property in all      criminal forfeiture cases; carve-out of tobacco companies      from RICO liability for foreign excise taxes; and creation of      new criminal offense to misrepresent identification when      opening bank account. The Administration bill contained none      of the money laundering provisions contained in either the      Senate bill or H.R. 3004.]       Sec. 301. Short title. This section contains the short      title of Title III, ``International Money Laundering      Abatement and Financial Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001,'' which      merges the short title of Title III of the Senate bill with      the short title of H.R. 3004, which passed the House of      Representatives on October 17, 2001 (``H.R. 3004''). This      section also contains the table of contents for Title III.       Sec. 302. Findings and purposes. The Senate bill included      this provision, which states the legislative findings and      purposes in support of Title III.       Sec. 303. 4-Year congressional review; expedited      consideration. Section 303, included in the Senate bill,      provides that the provisions added and amendments made by      Title III will terminate after September 30, 2004, if the      Congress enacts a joint resolution to that effect, and that      any such joint resolution will be given expedited      consideration by the Congress.Subtitle A--International Counter-Money Laundering and Related Measures       Sec. 311. Special measures for jurisdictions, financial      institutions, or international transactions or accounts of      primary money laundering concern. Section 311, included in      both the Senate bill and H.R. 3004, adds a new section 5318A      to the Bank Secrecy Act, to give the Secretary of the      Treasury, in consultation with other senior government      officials, authority (in the Secretary's discretion), to      impose one or more of five new ``special measures'' against      foreign jurisdictions, foreign financial institutions,      transactions involving such jurisdictions or institutions, or      one more types of accounts, that the Secretary, after      consultation with Secretary of State and the Attorney      General, determines to pose a ``primary money laundering      concern'' to the United States. The special measures include:      (1) requiring additional recordkeeping or reporting for      particular transactions; (2) requiring the identification of      the foreign beneficial owners of certain accounts at a U.S.      financial institution; (3) requiring the identification of      customers of a foreign bank who use an interbank payable-     through account opened by that foreign bank at a U.S. bank;      (4) requiring the identification of customers of a foreign      bank who use an interbank correspondent account opened by      that foreign bank at a U.S. bank; and (5) after consultation      with the Secretary of State, the Attorney General, and the      Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, restricting or      prohibiting the opening or maintaining of certain interbank      correspondent or payable-through accounts. Measures (1)      through (4) may not be imposed for more than 120 days except      by regulation, and measure (5) may only be imposed by      regulation.       Sec. 312. Special due diligence for correspondent accounts      and private banking accounts. Section 312, included in both      the Senate bill and H.R. 3004, adds a new subsection (i) to      31 U.S.C. Sec. 5318, to require a U.S. financial institution      that maintains a correspondent account or private banking      account for a non-United States person to establish      appropriate and, if necessary, enhanced due diligence      procedures to detect and report instances of money      laundering. The new provision also creates minimum anti-money      laundering due diligence standards for U.S. financial      institutions that enter into correspondent banking      relationships with banks that operate under offshore banking      licenses or under banking licenses issued by countries that      (1) have been designated as noncooperative with international      counter money laundering principles by an international body      with the concurrence of the U.S. representative to that body,      or (2) have been the subject of special measures authorized      by section 311. Finally, the new provision creates minimum      anti-money laundering due diligence standards for      maintenance of private banking accounts by U.S. financial      institutions. New section 31 U.S.C Sec. 5318(i) will take      effect 270 days after the date of enactment; the Secretary      of the Treasury is required to issue regulations (in      consultation with the appropriate Federal functional      regulators) within 180 days of enactment further      delineating the requirements of the new subsection, but      the statute is to take effect whether or not such      regulations are issued, and failure to issue final      regulations shall in no way affect the enforceability of      Sec. 5318(i) as added by section 312.       Sec. 313. Prohibition on United States correspondent      accounts with foreign shell banks. Section 313, included in      both the Senate bill and H.R. 3004, adds a new subsection (j)      to 31 U.S.C. Sec. 5318, to bar depository institutions and      brokers and dealers in securities operating in the United      States from establishing, maintaining, administering, or      managing correspondent accounts for foreign shell banks,      other than shell bank vehicles affiliated with recognized and      regulated depository institutions. The new 31 U.S.C.      Sec. 5318(j) takes effect 60 days after enactment. The House      receded to the Senate with respect to differences in the      language of the versions of the provision in the Senate bill      and H.R. 3004.       Sec. 314. Cooperative efforts to deter money laundering.      Section 314, contained in the Senate bill, requires the      Secretary of the Treasury to issue regulations, within 120      days of the date of enactment, to encourage     cooperation among financial institutions, financial      regulators and law enforcement officials, and to permit the      sharing of information by law enforcement and regulatory      authorities with such institutions regarding persons      reasonably suspected, based on credible evidence, of engaging      in terrorist acts or money laundering activities. This      section also allows (with notice to the Secretary of the      Treasury) the sharing of information among banks involving      possible terrorist or money laundering activity, and requires      the Secretary of the Treasury to publish, at least      semiannually, a report containing a detailed analysis of      patterns of suspicious activity and other appropriate      investigative insights derived from suspicious activity      reports and law enforcement investigations. The final text of      this section includes section 203 (Reports to the Financial      Services Industry on Suspicious Financial Activities) and      portions of section 205 (Public-Private Task Force on      Terrorist Financing Issues) of H.R. 3004.       Sec. 315. Inclusion of foreign corruption offenses as money      laundering crimes. Section 315, included in both the Senate      bill and H.R. 3004 in somewhat different language, amends 18      U.S.C. Sec. 1956 to include foreign corruption offenses,      certain U.S. export control violations, certain customs and      firearm offenses, certain computer fraud offenses, and      felony violations of the Foreign Agents Registration Act      of 1938, to the list of crimes that constitute ``specified      unlawful activities'' for purposes of the criminal money      laundering provisions.       Sec. 316. Anti-terrorist forfeiture protection. Section      316, included in the Senate bill, establishes procedures to      protect the rights of persons whose property may be subject      to confiscation in the exercise of the government's anti-     terrorism authority.       Sec. 317. Long-arm jurisdiction over foreign money      launderers. Section 317, which was included in both the      Senate bill and H.R. 3004, amends 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1956 to give      United States courts ``long-arm'' jurisdiction over foreign      persons committing money laundering offenses in the United      States, over foreign banks opening U.S. bank accounts, and      over foreign persons who convert assets ordered forfeited by      a U.S. court. It also permits a Federal court dealing with      such foreign persons to issue a pre-trial restraining order      or take other action necessary to preserve property in the      United States to satisfy an ultimate judgment. The Senate,      but not the House, bill included language permitting the      appointment by a Federal court of a receiver to collect and      take custody of assets of a defendant to satisfy criminal or      civil money laundering or forfeiture judgments; with respect      to the latter provision, the House receded to the Senate.       Sec. 318. Laundering money through a foreign bank. Section      318, included in both the Senate bill and H.R. 3004, expands      the definition of financial institution for purposes of 18      U.S.C. Sec. Sec. 1956 and 1957 to include banks operating      outside of the United States.       Sec. 319. Forfeiture of funds in United States interbank      accounts. Section 319 combines sections 111, 112, and 113 of      H.R. 3004 with section 319 of the Senate bill. This section      amends 18 U.S.C. Sec. 981 to treat amounts deposited by      foreign banks in interbank accounts with U.S. banks as having      been deposited in the United States for purposes of the      forfeiture rules, but grants the Attorney General authority,      in the interest of justice and consistent with the United      States' national interest, to suspend a forfeiture      proceeding, based on that presumption. This section also adds      a new subsection (k) to 31 U.S.C. Sec. 5318 to require U.S.      financial institutions to reply to a request for information      from a U.S. regulator relating to anti-money laundering      compliance within 120 hours of receipt of such a request, and      to require foreign banks that maintain correspondent accounts      in the United States to appoint agents for service of process      within the United States. The new 31 U.S.C. 5318(k)      authorizes the Attorney General and the Secretary of the      Treasury to issue a summons or subpoena to any such foreign      bank seeking records, wherever located, relating to such a      correspondent account, and it requires U.S. banks to sever      correspondent arrangements with foreign banks that do not      either comply with or contest any such summons or      subpoena. Finally, section 319 amends section 413 of the      Controlled Substances Act to authorize United States      courts to order a convicted criminal to return property      located abroad and to order a civil forfeiture defendant      to return property located abroad pending trial on the      merits. With respect to the provisions requiring a      response to certain requests for information by U.S.      regulators within 120 hours of receipt and the requirement      that correspondent relationships with foreign banks that      do not either respond or challenge subpoenas issued under      new 31 U.S.C. Sec. 5318(k) must be terminated, the House      receded to the Senate. With respect to the power to order      convicted criminals to return property located abroad, the      Senate receded to the House.       Sec. 320. Proceeds of foreign crimes. Section 320, included      in both the Senate bill and H.R. 3004, amends 18 U.S.C.      Sec. 981 to permit the United States to institute forfeiture      proceedings against the proceeds of foreign criminal offenses      found in the United States.       Sec. 321. Financial institutions specified in subchapter II      of chapter 53 of Title 31, United States Code. Section 321,      included in H.R. 3004, amends 31 U.S.C. Sec. 5312(2) to add      credit unions, futures commission merchants, commodity      trading advisors, or commodity pool operators to the      definition of financial institution for purposes of the Bank      Secrecy Act, and to provide that the term ``Federal      functional regulator'' includes the Commodity Futures Trading      Commission for purposes of the Bank Secrecy Act.       Sec. 322. Corporation represented by a fugitive. Section      322, included in both the Senate bill and H.R. 3004, extends      the prohibition against the maintenance of a forfeiture      proceeding on behalf of a fugitive to include a proceeding by      a corporation whose majority shareholder is a fugitive and a      proceeding in which the corporation's claim is instituted by      a fugitive.       Sec. 323. Enforcement of foreign judgments. Section 323,      included in both the Senate bill and H.R. 3004, permits the      government to seek a restraining order to preserve the      availability of property subject to a foreign forfeiture or      confiscation judgment.       Sec. 324. Report and recommendation. Section 324, included      in the Senate bill, directs the Secretary of the Treasury, in      consultation with the Attorney General, the Federal banking      agencies, the SEC, and other appropriate agencies to evaluate      operation of the provisions of subtitle A of Title III of the      Act and recommend to Congress any relevant legislative      action, within 30 months of the date of enactment.       Sec. 325. Concentration accounts at financial institutions.      Section 325, included in both the Senate bill and H.R. 3004,      authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to issue regulations      concerning the maintenance of concentration accounts by U.S.      depository institutions, to prevent an institution's      customers from anonymously directing funds into or through      such accounts.       Sec. 326. Verification of identification. Section 326(a),      included in H.R. 3004, adds a new subsection (l) to 31 U.S.C.      Sec. 5318 to require the Secretary of the Treasury to      prescribe by regulation, jointly with each Federal functional      regulator, minimum standards for financial institutions and      their customers regarding the identity of the customer that      shall apply in connection with the opening of an account at a      financial institution; the minimum standards shall require      financial institutions to implement, and customers (after      being given adequate notice) to comply with, reasonable      procedures concerning verification of customer identity,      maintenance of records of identity verification, and      consultation at account opening of lists of known or      suspected terrorists provided to the financial institution by      a government agency. The required regulations are to be      issued within one year of the date of enactment.       Section 326(b), included in both the Senate bill and H.R.      3004, requires the Secretary of the Treasury, again in      consultation with the Federal functional regulators (as well      as other appropriate agencies), to submit a report to      Congress within six months of the date of enactment      containing recommendations about the most effective way to      require foreign nationals to provide financial institutions      in the United States with accurate identity information,      comparable to that required to be provided by U.S. nationals,      and to obtain an identification number that would function      similarly to a U.S. national's tax identification number.       Sec. 327. Consideration of anti-money laundering record.      Section 327, included in H.R. 3004, amends section 3(c) of      the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, and section 18(c) of      the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require the Federal      Reserve Board and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation,      respectively, to consider the effectiveness of a bank holding      company or bank (within the jurisdiction of the appropriate      agency) in combating money laundering activities, including      in overseas branches, in ruling on any merger or similar      application by the bank or bank holding company. The Senate      receded to the House, with the agreement that the amendments      will apply only to applications submitted after December 31,      2001.       Sec. 328. International cooperation on identification of      originators of wire transfers. Section 328, included in H.R.      3004, requires the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation      with the Attorney General and the Secretary of State, to take      all reasonable steps to encourage foreign governments to      require the inclusion of the name of the originator in wire      transfer instructions sent to the United States, and to      report annually to the House Committee on Financial Services      and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban      Affairs concerning progress toward that goal.       Sec. 329. Criminal penalties. Section 329, included in the      Senate bill, provides criminal penalties for officials who      violate their trust in connection with the administration of      Title III.       Sec. 330. International cooperation in investigations of      money laundering, financial crimes, and the finances of      terrorist groups. Section 330, included in H.R. 3004, states      the sense of the Congress that the President should direct      the Secretary of State, the Attorney General, or the      Secretary of the Treasury, as appropriate and in consultation      with the Federal Reserve Board, to seek negotiations with      foreign financial supervisory agencies and other foreign      officials, to ensure that foreign financial institutions      maintain adequate records relating to any foreign terrorist      organization or its membership, or any person engaged in      money laundering or other financial crimes, and make such      records available to U.S. law enforcement and financial      supervisory personnel when appropriate.    Subtitle B--Bank Secrecy Act Amendments and Related Improvements       Sec. 351. Amendments relating to reporting of suspicious      activities. Section 351, included in both the Senate bill and      H.R. 3004, restates 31 U.S.C. Sec. 5318(g)(3) to clarify the      terms of the safe harbor from civil liability for financial      institutions filing suspicious activity reports pursuant to      31 U.S.C. Sec. 5318(g). The amendments to subsection (g)(3)      also create a safe harbor from civil liability for banks that      provide information in employment references sought by other      banks pursuant to the amendment to the Federal Deposit      Insurance Act made by section 355. The House receded to the      Senate with respect to minor differences in wording between      the House and Senate versions of the provision.       Sec. 352. Anti-money laundering programs. Section 352,      included in both the Senate bill and H.R. 3004, amends 31      U.S.C. Sec. 5318(h) to require financial institutions to      establish anti-money laundering programs and grants the      Secretary of the Treasury authority to set minimum standards      for such programs. The Senate recedes to the House with      respect to a provision in H.R. 3004 that the anti-money      laundering program requirement take effect at the end of      the 180-day period beginning on the date of enactment of      the Act and a related provision that the Secretary of the      Treasury shall prescribe regulations before the end of      that 180-day period that consider the extent to which the      requirements imposed under amended Sec. 5318(h) are      commensurate with the size, location, and activities of      the financial institutions to which the regulations apply.       Sec. 353. Penalties for violations of geographic targeting      orders and certain recordkeeping requirements, and      lengthening effective period of geographic targeting orders.      Section 353, included generally in both the Senate bill and      H.R. 3004, amends 31 U.S.C. Sec. Sec. 5321, 5322, and 5324 to      clarify that penalties for violation of the Bank Secrecy Act      and its implementing regulations also apply to violations of      Geographic Targeting Orders issued under 31 U.S.C. Sec. 3526,      and to certain recordkeeping requirements relating to funds      transfers. The House receded to a provision in the Senate      bill that also amends 31 U.S.C. Sec. 5326 to make the period      of a geographic target order 180 days.       Sec. 354. Anti-money laundering strategy. Section 354,      included in the Senate bill, amends 31 U.S.C. Sec. 5341(b) to      add ``money laundering related to terrorist funding'' to the      list of subjects to be dealt with in the annual National      Money Laundering Strategy prepared by the Secretary of the      Treasury pursuant to the Money Laundering and Financial      Crimes Strategy Act of 1998.       Sec. 355. Authorization to include suspicions of illegal      activity in written employment references. Section 355,      included in both the Senate bill and H.R. 3004, amends      Sec. 18 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to permit (but      not require) a bank to include information, in a response to      a request for an employment reference by a second bank, about      the possible involvement of a former institution-affiliated      party in potentially unlawful activity. The House receded to      the Senate with respect to a provision that the safe harbor      from civil liability for a bank that provides information to      a second bank applies unless the first bank acts with      malicious intent.       Sec. 356. Reporting of suspicious activities by securities      brokers and dealers; investment company study. Section      356(a), included generally in both the Senate bill and H.R.      3004, directs the Secretary of the Treasury, after      consultation with the Securities and Exchange Commission and      the Federal Reserve Board, to publish proposed regulations,      on or before December 31, 2001, and final regulations on or      before July 1, 2002, requiring broker-dealers to file      suspicious activity reports. The Senate receded to the      House with respect to the specific time requirements in      section 356(a).       Sec. 356(b), included in H.R. 3004, authorizes the      Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Commodity      Futures Trading Commission, to prescribe regulations      requiring futures commission merchants, commodity trading      advisors, and certain commodity pool operators to submit      suspicious activity reports under 31 U.S.C. Sec. 5318(g).       Sec. 356(c), included in the Senate bill, requires the      Secretary of the Treasury, the SEC and Federal Reserve Board      to submit jointly to Congress, within one year of the date of      enactment, recommendations for effective regulations to apply      the provisions of 31 U.S.C. Sec. Sec. 5311-30 to both      registered and unregistered investment companies, as well as      recommendations as to whether the Secretary should promulgate      regulations treating personal holding companies as financial      institutions that must disclose their beneficial owners when      opening accounts or initiating funds transfers at any      domestic financial institution.       Sec. 357. Special report on administration of bank secrecy      provisions. Section 357, included in the Senate bill, directs      the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to Congress,      six months after the date of enactment, on the role of the      IRS in the administration of the Bank Secrecy Act, with      emphasis on whether IRS Bank Secrecy Act information      processing responsibility (for reports filed by all financial      institutions) or Bank Secrecy Act audit and examination      responsibility (for certain non-bank financial institutions)      should be retained or transferred.       Sec. 358. Bank Secrecy provisions and activities of the      United States intelligence agencies. Section 358, included in      the same general terms in both the Senate bill and H.R. 3004,      contains amendments to various provisions of the Bank Secrecy      Act, the Right to Financial Privacy Act, and the Fair Credit      Reporting Act, to permit information to be used in the      conduct of United States intelligence or counterintelligence      activities to protect against international terrorism. This      section combines the Senate and House provisions, with each      body receding to the other in the case of particular language      included in one version of the provision but not the other.       Sec. 359. Reporting of suspicious activities by underground      banking systems. Section 359, included in both the Senate      bill and H.R. 3004, clarifies that the Bank Secrecy Act      treats certain underground banking systems as financial      institutions, and that the funds transfer recordkeeping rules      applicable to licensed money transmitters also apply to      such underground systems. This section also directs the      Secretary of the Treasury to report to Congress, within      one year of the date of enactment, on the need for      additional legislation or regulatory controls relating to      underground banking systems. The House receded to the      Senate with respect to certain technical changes in the      definition of the underground banking systems at issue.       Sec. 360. Use of authority of the United States Executive      Directors. Section 360, included in Senate bill, authorizes      the Secretary of the Treasury to instruct the United States      Executive Director of each of the international financial      institutions (for example, the IMF and the World Bank) to use      such Director's ``voice and vote'' to support loans and other      use of resources to benefit nations that the President      determines to be contributing to United States efforts to      combat international terrorism, and to require the auditing      of each international financial institution to ensure that      funds are not paid to persons engaged in or supporting      terrorism.       Sec. 361. Financial crimes enforcement network. Section      361, included in H.R. 3004, adds a new Sec. 310 to subchapter      I of chapter 3 of title 31, United States Code, to make the      Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (``FinCEN'') a bureau      within the Department of the Treasury, to specify the duties      of FinCEN's Director, and to require the Secretary of the      Treasury to establish operating procedures for the      government-wide data access service and communications center      that FinCEN maintains. Section 361 also authorizes      appropriations for FinCEN for fiscal years 2002 through 2005.      Finally, this section requires the Secretary to study methods      for improving compliance with the reporting requirements for      ownership of foreign bank and brokerage accounts by U.S.      nationals imposed by regulations issued under 31 U.S.C.      Sec. 5314. The required report is to be submitted within six      months of the date of enactment and annually thereafter.       Sec. 362. Establishment of highly secure network. Section      362, included in H.R. 3004, directs the Secretary of the      Treasury to establish, within nine months of enactment, a      secure network with FinCEN that will allow financial      institutions to file suspicious activity reports and provide      such institutions with information regarding suspicious      activities warranting special scrutiny.       Sec. 363. Increase in civil and criminal penalties for      money laundering. Section 363, included in the Senate bill,      increases from $100,000 to $1,000,000 the maximum civil and      criminal penalties for a violation of provisions added to the      Bank Secrecy Act by sections 311 and 312 of this Act.       Sec. 364. Uniform protection authority for Federal Reserve      facilities. Section 364, included in H.R. 3004, authorizes      certain Federal Reserve personnel to act as law enforcement      officers and carry firearms to protect and safeguard Federal      Reserve employees and premises.       Sec. 365. Reports relating to coins and currency received      in nonfinancial trade or business. Section 365, included in      H.R. 3004, adds 31 U.S.C. Sec. 5331 (and makes related and      conforming changes) to the Bank Secrecy Act to require any      person who receives more than $10,000 in coins or currency,      in one transaction or two or more related transactions in the      course of that person's trade or business, to file a report      with respect to such transaction with FinCEN. Regulations      implementing the new reporting requirement are to be      promulgated within six months of enactment.       Sec. 366. Efficient use of currency transaction report      system. Section 366, included in H.R. 3004, requires the      Secretary of the Treasury to report to the Congress before      the end of the one year period beginning on the date of      enactment containing the results of a study of the possible      expansion of the statutory system for exempting transactions      from the currency transaction reporting requirements and ways      to improve the use by financial institutions of the statutory      exemption system as a way of reducing the volume of unneeded      currency transaction reports.                      Subtitle C--Currency Crimes       Sec. 371. Bulk cash smuggling into or out of the United      States. Section 371, included in both the Senate bill and      H.R. 3004, but with different language relating to      forfeiture, creates a new Bank Secrecy Act offense, 31 U.S.C.      Sec. 5332, involving the bulk smuggling of more than $10,000      in currency in any conveyance, article of luggage or      merchandise or     container, either into or out of the United States, and      related forfeiture provisions. The Senate receded to the      House language.       Sec. 372. Forfeiture in currency reporting cases. Section      372, included in the Senate bill and H.R. 3004 with different      language concerning mitigation, amends 31 U.S.C. Sec. 5317 to      permit confiscation of funds in connection with currency      reporting violations consistent with existing civil and      criminal forfeiture procedures. The Senate receded to the      House language.       Sec. 373. Illegal money transmitting businesses. Section      373, included in H.R. 3004, amends 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1960 to      clarify the terms of the offense stated in that      provision, relating to knowing operation of an unlicensed      (under state law) or unregistered (under Federal law)      money transmission business. This section also amends 18      U.S.C. Sec. 981(a) to authorize the seizure of funds      involved in a violation of 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1960.       Sec. 374. Counterfeiting domestic currency and obligations.      Section 374, included in H.R. 3004, makes a number of changes      to the provisions of 18 U.S.C. Sec. Sec. 470-473 relating to      the maximum sentences for various counterfeiting offenses,      and adds to the definition of counterfeiting in 18 U.S.C.      Sec. 474 the making, acquiring, etc. of an analog, digital,      or electronic image of any obligation or other security of      the United States.       Sec. 375. Counterfeiting Foreign Currency and Obligations.      Section 375, included in H.R. 3004, makes a number of changes      to the provisions of 18 U.S.C. Sec. Sec. 478-480 relating to      the maximum sentences for various counterfeiting offenses      involving foreign obligations or securities and adds to the      definition of counterfeiting in 18 U.S.C. Sec. 481 the      making, acquiring, etc. of an analog, digital, or electronic      image of any obligation or other security of a foreign      government.       Sec. 376. Laundering the proceeds of terrorism. This      provision expands the scope of predicate offenses for      laundering the proceeds of terrorism to include ``providing      material support or resources to terrorist organizations,''      as that crime is defined in 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2339B of the      criminal code. Same as original Administration proposal.       Sec. 377. Extraterritorial jurisdiction. This provision      applies the financial crimes prohibitions to conduct      committed abroad in situations where the tools or proceeds of      the offense pass through or are in the United States. Same as      original Administration proposal.                    TITLE IV--PROTECTING THE BORDER               Subtitle A--Protecting the Northern Border       Sec. 401. Ensuring adequate personnel on the Northern      border. Both the House and Senate bills included this      provision to authorize the Attorney General to waive any cap      on the number of full time employees assigned to the INS on      the northern border. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 402. Northern border personnel. Both the House and      Senate bills included this provision to authorize additional      appropriations to allow for a tripling in personnel for      the Border Patrol, INS Inspectors, and the US Customs      Service in each State along the northern border, and an      additional $50 million each to the INS and the US Customs      Service to improve technology and acquire additional      equipment for use at the northern border. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 403. Access by the Department of State and the INS to      certain identifying information in the criminal history      records of visa applicants and applicants for admission to      the United States. Both the House and Senate bills included      this provision to give the State Department and INS access to      the criminal history record information contained in the      National Crime Information Center's Interstate Identification      Index, Wanted Persons File, and any other information      mutually agreed upon between the Attorney General and the      agency receiving access. Same as original Administration      proposal.       Sec. 404. Limited authority to pay overtime. Both the House      and Senate bills included this provision to allow the      Attorney General to authorize overtime pay for INS employees      in an amount in excess of $30,000 during calendar year 2001,      to ensure that experienced personnel are available to handle      the increased workload generated by the events of September      11, 2001. Same as original Administration proposal but based      on a Leahy-Conyers proposal.       Sec. 405. Report on the integrated automated fingerprint      identification system for points of entry and overseas      consular posts. Both the House and Senate bills included this      provision to require the Attorney General to report to      Congress on the feasibility of enhancing the FBI's Integrated      Automated Fingerprint Identification System or other      identification systems to identify foreign passport and visa      holders who may be wanted in connection with a criminal      investigation in the United States or abroad before issuing a      visa to that person or their entry or exit from the United      States. Not in original Administration proposal.              Subtitle B--Enhanced Immigration Provisions       Sec. 411. Definitions relating to terrorism. Both the House      and Senate bills included this provision to amend the      definition of ``engage in terrorist activity'' to clarify      that an alien who solicits funds or membership or provides      material support to a certified terrorist organization is      inadmissible and removable. Aliens who solicit funds or      membership or provide material support to organizations not      designated as terrorist organizations have the opportunity to      show that they did not know and should not have known that      their actions would further terrorist activity. This section      also creates a definition of ``terrorist organization,''      which is not defined under current law, for purposes of      making an alien inadmissible or removable. It defines a      terrorist organization as one that is (1) designated by      the Secretary of State as a terrorist organization under      the process supplied by current law; (2) designated by the      Secretary of State as a terrorist organization for      immigration purposes; or (3) a group of two or more      individuals that commits terrorist activities or plans or      prepares to commit (including locating targets for)      terrorist activities. The changes made by this section      will apply to actions taken by an alien before enactment      with respect to any group that was at that time certified      by the Secretary of State. Narrower than original      Administration proposal by allowing an alien to show      support for non-designated organization was offered      without knowledge of organization's terrorist activity.       Sec. 412. Mandatory detention of suspected terrorists;      habeas corpus; judicial review. Both the House- and Senate-     passed bills included provisions to grant the Attorney      General the authority to certify that an alien meets the      criteria of the terrorism grounds of the Immigration and      Nationality Act, or is engaged in any other activity that      endangers the national security of the United States, upon a      ``reasonable grounds to believe'' standard, and take such      aliens into custody. This authority is delegable only to the      Deputy Attorney General. The Attorney General must either      begin removal proceedings against such aliens or bring      criminal charges within seven days, or release them from      custody. An alien who is charged but ultimately found not to      be removable is to be released from custody. An alien who is      found to be removable but has not been removed, and whose      removal is unlikely in the reasonably foreseeable future, may      be detained if the Attorney General demonstrates that release      of the alien will adversely affect national security or the      safety of the community or any person. Judicial review of any      action taken under this section, including review of the      merits of the certification, is available through habeas      corpus proceedings, with appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals      for the D.C. Circuit. The Attorney General shall review his      certification of an alien every six months. Narrower than      original Administration proposal in numerous ways, including      placing a 7-day limit on detention without charge, ordering      release of aliens found not to be removable, and more      meaningful judicial review of Attorney General's      determination of national security risk posed by alien.       Sec. 413. Multilateral cooperation against terrorists. Both      the House and Senate bills included this provision to provide      new exceptions to the laws regarding disclosure of      information from State Department records pertaining to the      issuance of or refusal to issue visas to enter the U.S., and      allows the sharing of this information with a      foreign government on a case-by-case basis for the purpose      of preventing, investigating, or punishing acts of      terrorism. Based on original Administration proposal.       Sec. 414. Visa integrity and security. This section      expresses the sense of the Congress that the Attorney      General, in consultation with the Secretary of State, should      fully implement the entry/exit system as expeditiously as      practicable. Particular focus should be given to the      utilization of biometric technology and the development of      tamper-resistant documents. Not in original Administration      proposal.       Sec. 415. Participation of Office of Homeland Security on      Entry-Exit Task Force. This section includes the new Office      of Homeland Security as a participant in the Entry and Exit      Task Force established by the Immigration and Naturalization      Service Data Management Improvement Act of 2000. Not in      original Administration proposal.       Sec. 416. Foreign student monitoring program. This section      seeks to implement the foreign student monitoring program      created in 1996 by temporarily supplanting the collection of      user fees mandated by the statute with an appropriation of      $36,800,000 for the express purpose of fully and effectively      implementing the program through January 2003. Thereafter,      the program would be funded by user fees. Currently, all      institutions of higher education that enroll foreign students      or exchange visitors are required to participate in the      monitoring program. This section expands the list of      institutions to include air flight schools, language training      schools, and vocational schools. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 417. Machine readable passports. This section requires      the Secretary of State to conduct an annual audit to assess      precautionary measures taken to prevent the counterfeiting      and theft of passports among countries that participate in      the visa waiver program, and ascertain that designated      countries have established a program to develop tamper-     resistant passports. Results of the audit will be reported to      Congress. This provision would advance the deadline for      participating nations to develop machine readable passports      to October 1, 2003, but permit the Secretary of State to      waive the requirements imposed by the deadline if he finds      that the program country is making sufficient progress to      provide their nationals with machine-readable passports. Not      in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 418. Prevention of consulate shopping. This section      directs the State Department to examine what concerns, if      any, are created by the practice of certain aliens to      ``shop'' for a visa between issuing posts. Not in original      Administration proposal.    Subtitle C--Preservation of Immigration Benefits for Victims of                                Terrorism       [Note: This subtitle was not in original Administration      proposal. It is certain that some aliens fell victim to the      terrorist attacks on the U.S. on September 11. For many      families, these tragedies will be compounded by the trauma of      husbands, wives, and children losing their immigration status      due to the death or serious injury of a family member. These      family members are facing deportation because they are out of      status: they no longer qualify for their current immigration      status or are no longer eligible to complete the application      process because their loved one was killed or injured in the      September 11 terrorist attack. Others are threatened with the      loss of their immigration status, through no fault of their      own, due to the disruption of communication and      transportation that has resulted directly from the terrorist      attacks. Because of these disruptions, people have been and      will be unable to meet important deadlines, which will mean      the loss of eligibility for certain benefits and the      inability to maintain lawful status, unless the law is      changed.       At the request of Congressman Conyers and Senator Leahy,      this new subtitle (sections 421-428) was included in the      final bill to modify the immigration laws to provide the      humanitarian relief to these victims and their family members      in preserving their immigration status.]       Sec. 421. Special immigrant status. This section provides      permanent resident status to an alien who was the beneficiary      of a petition filed (on or before September 11) to grant the      alien permanent residence as a family-sponsored immigrant or      employer-sponsored immigrant, or of an application for labor      certification (filed on or before September 11), if the      petition or application was rendered null because of the      disability of the beneficiary or loss of employment of the      beneficiary due to physical damage to, or destruction of, the      business of the petitioner or applicant as a direct result of      the terrorist attacks on September 11, or because of the      death of the petitioner or applicant as a direct result of      the terrorist attacks. Permanent residence would be granted      to an alien who was the spouse or child of an alien who was      the beneficiary of a petition filed on or before September 11      to grant the beneficiary permanent residence as a family-     sponsored immigrant (as long as the spouse or child follows      to join not later than September 11, 2003). Permanent      residence would be granted to the beneficiary of a petition      for a nonimmigrant visa as the spouse or the fiance (and      their children) of a U.S. citizen where the petitioning      citizen died as a direct result of the terrorist attack. This      section also provides permanent resident status to the      grandparents of a child both of whose parents died as a      result of the terrorist attacks, if either of such      deceased parents was a U.S. citizen or a permanent      resident. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 422. Extension of filing or reentry deadlines. This      section provides that an alien who was legally in a      nonimmigrant status and was disabled as a direct result of      the terrorist attacks on September 11 (and his or her spouse      and children) may remain lawfully in the United States (and      receive work authorization) until the later of the date that      his or her status normally terminates or September 11, 2002.      Such status is also provided to the nonimmigrant spouse and      children of an alien who died as a direct result of the      terrorist attacks. The Act provides that an alien who was      lawfully present as a nonimmigrant at the time of the      terrorist attacks will be granted 60 additional days to file      an application for extension or change of status if the alien      was prevented from so filing as a direct result of the      terrorist attacks. Also, an alien who was lawfully present as      a nonimmigrant at the time of the attacks but was then unable      to timely depart the United States as a direct result of the      attacks will be considered to have departed legally and will      not be considered to have been unlawfully present for the      purposes of section 212(a)(9) of the INA if departure occurs      before November 11. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 423. Humanitarian relief for certain surviving spouses      and children. Current law provides that an alien who was the      spouse of a U.S. citizen for at least 2 years before the      citizen died shall remain eligible for immigrant status as an      immediate relative. This also applies to the children of the      alien. This section provides that if the citizen died as a      direct result of the terrorist attacks, the 2-year      requirement is waived. This section provides that if an alien      spouse, child, or unmarried adult son or daughter had been      the beneficiary of an immigrant visa petition filed by a      permanent resident who died as a direct result of the      terrorist attacks, the alien will still be eligible for      permanent residence. In addition, if an alien spouse, child,      or unmarried adult son or daughter of a permanent resident      who died as a direct result of the terrorist attacks was      present in the United States on September 11 but had not yet      been petitioned for permanent residence, the alien can self-     petition for permanent residence. The section also provides      that an alien spouse or child of an alien who (1) died as a      direct result of the terrorist attacks and (2) was a      permanent resident (petitioned-for by an employer) or an      applicant for adjustment of status for an employment-based      immigrant visa, may have his or her application for      adjustment adjudicated despite the death (if the application      was filed prior to the death). Not in original Administration      proposal.       Sec. 424. ``Age-out'' protection for children. Under      current law, certain visas are only available to an alien      until the alien's 21st birthday. This section provides that      an alien whose 21st birthday occurs this September and who is      a beneficiary for a petition or application filed on or      before September 11 shall be considered to remain a child for      90 days after the alien's 21st birthday. For an alien whose      21st birthday occurs after this September, (and who had a      petition for application filed on his or her behalf on or      before September 11) the alien shall be considered to remain      a child for 45 days after the alien's 21st birthday. Not in      original Administration proposal.       Sec. 425. Temporary administrative relief. This section      provides that temporary administrative relief may be provided      to an alien who was lawfully present on September 10, was on      that date the spouse, parent or child of someone who died or      was disabled as a direct result of the terrorist attacks, and      is not otherwise entitled to relief under any other provision      of this legislation. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 426. Evidence of death, disability, or loss of      employment. This section instructs the Attorney General to      establish appropriate standards for evidence demonstrating      that a death, disability, or loss of employment due to      physical damage to, or destruction of, a business, occurred      as a direct result of the terrorist attacks on September 11.      The Attorney General is not required to promulgate      regulations prior to implementing this subtitle. Not in      original Administration proposal.       Sec. 427. No Benefits to Terrorists or Family Members of      Terrorists. This section states that no benefit under this      subtitle shall be provided to anyone culpable for the      terrorist attacks on September 11 or to any family member of      such an individual. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 428. Definitions. This section defines the term      `specified terrorist activity' as any terrorist activity      conducted against the Government or the people of the United      States on September 11, 2001. Not in original Administration      proposal.         TITLE V--REMOVING OBSTACLES TO INVESTIGATING TERRORISM       Sec. 501. Attorney General's authority to pay rewards to      combat terrorism. Both the House and Senate bills included      this provision to authorize the Attorney General to offer      rewards--payments to individuals who offer information      pursuant to a public advertisement--to gather information to      combat terrorism and defend the nation against terrorist acts      without any dollar limitation (Current law limits rewards to      $2 million). Rewards of $250,000 or more require the personal      approval of the Attorney General or President and notice      to Congress. Narrower than original Administration      proposal.       Sec. 502. Secretary of State's authority to pay rewards.      Both the House and Senate bills included this provision to      authorize the Secretary of State to offer rewards--payments      to individuals who offer information pursuant to a public      advertisement--to gather information to combat terrorism and      defend the nation against terrorist acts without any dollar      limitation (Current law limits rewards to $5 million).      Rewards of $100,000 or more require the personal approval of      the Secretary of State and notice to Congress. Narrower than      original Administration proposal.       Sec. 503. DNA identification of terrorists and other      violent offenders. Both the House and Senate bills included      this provision to authorize the collection of DNA samples      from any person convicted of certain terrorism-related      offenses and other crimes of violence, for inclusion in the      national DNA database. Modified from original Administration      proposal.       Sec. 504. Coordination with law enforcement. Both the House      and Senate bills included this provision to amend FISA to      authorize consultation between FISA officers and law      enforcement officers to coordinate efforts to investigate or      protect against international terrorism, clandestine      intelligence activities, or other grave hostile acts of a      foreign power or an agent of a foreign power. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 505. Miscellaneous national security authorities. Both      the House and Senate bills included this provision to modify      current statutory provisions on access to telephone, bank,      and credit records in counterintelligence investigations to      remove the ``agent of a foreign power'' standard. The      authority may be used only for investigations to protect      against international terrorism or clandestine intelligence      activities, and an investigation of a United States person      may not be based solely on activities protected by the First      Amendment. Narrower than original Administration proposal      which simply removed ``agent of foreign power'' requirement.       Sec. 506. Extension of Secret Service jurisdiction. Both      the House and Senate bills included this provision to give      the Secret Service concurrent jurisdiction to investigate      offenses relating to fraud and related activity in connection      with computers, and permanently extends its current authority      to investigate financial institution fraud. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 507. Disclosure of educational records. Both the House      and Senate bills included this provision to require      application to a court to obtain educational records in the      possession of an educational agency or institution if it is      determined by the Attorney General or Secretary of Education      (or their designee) that doing so could reasonably be      expected to assist in investigating or preventing a federal      terrorism offense or domestic or international terrorism.      Limited immunity is given to persons producing such      information acting in good faith, and the Attorney General is      directed to issue guidelines to protect confidentiality.      Narrower than original Administration proposal.       Sec. 508. Disclosure of information from NCES surveys. Both      the House and Senate bills included this provision to require      application to a court to obtain reports, records and      information in the possession of the National Center for      Educational Statistics that are relevant to an authorized      investigation or prosecution of terrorism. Limited immunity      is given to persons producing such information acting in good      faith, and the Attorney General is directed to issue      guidelines to protect confidentiality. Narrower than original      Administration proposal. TITLE VI--PROVIDING FOR VICTIMS OF TERRORISM, PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICERS,                            AND THEIR FAMILIES         Subtitle A--Aid for Families of Public Safety Officers       Sec. 611. Expedited payment for public safety officers      involved in the prevention, investigation, rescue, or      recovery efforts related to a terrorist attack. Both the      House and Senate bills included this provision to streamline      the Public Safety Officers Benefits Program application      process for family members of law enforcement officers,      firefighters, and emergency personnel who perished or      suffered serious injury in connection with prevention,      investigation, rescue or recovery efforts related to a      terrorist attack. The Public Safety Officers Benefits Program      provides benefits for each of the families of law enforcement      officers, fire fighters, emergency response squad members,      ambulance crew members who are killed or permanently and      totally disabled in the line of duty ($151,635 in FY 2001).      Current regulations, however, require the families of public      safety officers who have fallen in the line of duty to go      through a cumbersome and time-consuming application process.      Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 612. Technical correction with respect to expedited      payments for heroic public safety officers. Both the House      and Senate bills included this provision to make technical      corrections to Public Law 107-37 to provide sufficient      information to make expedited Public Safety Officers Benefits      Program payments to the fallen firefighters, emergency      personnel and law enforcement officers who perished or      were disabled during the rescue and recovery efforts      related to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.      Modified from original Administration proposal.       Sec. 613. Public safety officers benefits program payment      increase. Both the House and Senate-passed bills included      this provision to raise the total amount of Public Safety      Officers Benefits Program payment to $250,000 and is      effective for any death or disability occurring on or after      January 1, 2001. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 614. Office of Justice programs. Both the House and      Senate bills included this provision to amend the Office of      Justice Program's authorities to enhance the authority of the      Assistant Attorney General to coordinate and manage emergency      response activities of its various components including the      Public Safety Officers Benefits Program. Modified from      original Administration proposal.       Subtitle B--Amendments to the Victims of Crime Act of 1984       [Note: The original Administration proposal did not include      most of the provisions of this subtitle to streamline the      administration of the Crime Victims Fund.]       Sec. 621. Crime victims fund. Both the House and Senate      bills included this provision to authorize the Office for      Victims of Crime (OVC) to replenish the antiterrorism      emergency reserve with up to $50 million and establishes a      mechanism to allow for replenishment in future years. Funds      added to the Crime Victims Fund to respond to the September      11 attacks shall not be subject to the cap or the new formula      provisions. A technical clarification includes the September      11th Victim Compensation Fund established in Public Law 107-     42 as one of the Federal benefits that should be a primary      payer to the States. This section also replaces the annual      cap on the Fund with a self-regulating system that ensures      stability in the amounts distributed while preserving the      amounts remaining for use in future years; it authorizes      private gift-giving to the Fund; and it increases the portion      of the Fund available for discretionary grants and assistance      to victims of Federal crime. Significant expansion of      original Administration proposal.       Sec. 622. Crime victim compensation. Both the House and      Senate bills included this provision to increase the minimum      threshold for the annual grant to State compensation      programs. It clarifies that a payment of compensation to a      victim shall not used in means tests for Federal benefit      programs. A technical clarification removes the dual      requirement that State crime victim compensation programs      cover victims of terrorism occurring outside the United      States. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 623. Crime victim assistance. Both the House and      Senate bills included this provision to authorize States to      give VOCA funds to U.S. Attorney's Offices in jurisdictions      where the U.S. Attorney is the local prosecutor. It prohibits      victim assistance programs from discriminating against      certain victims; authorizes grants to eligible victim      assistance programs for program evaluation and compliance      efforts; and allows use of funds for fellowships, clinical      internships and training programs. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 624. Victims of terrorism. Both the House and Senate      bills included this provision to conform VOCA's domestic      terrorism section to the international terrorism section,      giving OVC the flexibility to deliver timely and critically-     needed assistance to victims of terrorism and mass violence      occurring within the United States. It also makes a technical      correction to recent legislation that inadvertently reversed      the existing exclusion under VOCA of individuals eligible for      other Federal compensation under the Omnibus Diplomatic      Security and Antiterrorism Act of 1986. Expansion of original      Administration proposal. TITLE VII--INCREASED INFORMATION SHARING FOR CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE                                PROTECTION       [Note: The original Administration proposal did not include      this subtitle to expand regional information sharing to      facilitate Federal-state-local law enforcement responses to      terrorism.]       Sec. 701. Expansion of regional information sharing system      to facilitate Federal-State-local law enforcement response      related to terrorist attacks. Both the House and Senate bills      included this provision to expand the Department of Justice      Regional Information Sharing Systems (RISS) Program to      facilitate information sharing among Federal, State and local      law enforcement agencies to investigate and prosecute      terrorist conspiracies and activities and doubles its      authorized funding for FY2002 and FY2003. Currently, 5,700      Federal, State and local law enforcement agencies participate      in the RISS Program. Not in original Administration proposal.     TITLE VIII--STRENGTHENING THE CRIMINAL LAWS AGAINST TERRORISM       Sec. 801. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence      against mass transportation systems. Both the House and      Senate bills included this provision to create a new statute      (to be codified at 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1993) to make punishable      acts of terrorism and other violence against mass      transportation vehicles, systems, facilities, employees and      passengers; the reporting of false information about such      activities; and attempts and conspiracies to commit such      offenses. Violations are punishable by a fine and term      imprisonment of 20 years; however, the mass transportation      vehicle was carrying a passenger at the time of the attack,      or if death resulted from the offense, the maximum term of      imprisonment is increased to life. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 802. Definition of domestic terrorism. Both the House      and Senate bills included this provision to define the term      ``domestic terrorism'' as a counterpart to the current      definition of ``international terrorism'' in 18 U.S.C.      Sec. 2331. The new definition for ``domestic terrorism'' is      for the limited purpose of providing investigative      authorities (i.e., court orders, warrants, etc.) for acts of      terrorism within the territorial jurisdiction of the United      States. Such offenses are those that are ``(1) dangerous to      human life and violate the criminal laws of the United States      or any state; and (2) appear to be intended (or have the      effect)--to intimidate a civilian population; influence      government policy intimidation or coercion; or affect      government conduct by mass destruction, assassination, or      kidnapping (or a threat of).'' Same as Administration      proposal.       Sec. 803. Prohibition against harboring terrorists. Both      the House and Senate bills included this provision to      establish a new criminal prohibition against harboring      terrorists, similar to the current prohibition in 18 U.S.C.      Sec. 792 against harboring spies, and makes it an offense      when someone harbors or conceals another they know or should      have known had engaged in or was about to engage in federal      terrorism offenses. Narrower than Administration's proposal      except that the final bill removes the Administration's      original proposal to make it an offense to harbor someone      merely suspected of engaging in terrorism.       Sec. 804. Jurisdiction over crimes committed at U.S.      facilities abroad. Both the House and Senate bills included      this provision to extend the special maritime and territorial      jurisdiction of the United States to cover, with respect to      offenses committed by or against a U.S. national, U.S.      diplomatic, consular and military missions, and residences      used by U.S. personnel assigned to such missions. Based on      original Administration proposal.       Sec. 805. Material support for terrorism. Both the House      and Senate bills included this provision to amend 18 U.S.C.      Sec. 2339A, which prohibits providing material support to      terrorists, in four respects. First, it adds three terrorism-     related offenses to the list of Sec. 2339A predicates.      Second, it provides that Sec. 2339A violations may be      prosecuted in any Federal judicial district in which the      predicate offense was committed. Third, it clarifies that      monetary instruments, like currency and other financial      securities, may constitute ``material support or resources''     for purpose of Sec. 2339A. Fourth, it explicitly prohibits      providing terrorists with ``expert advice or assistance,''      such as flight training, knowing or intending that it will be      used to prepare for or carry out an act of terrorism. Same as      original Administration proposal.       Sec. 806. Assets of terrorists organizations. Both the      House and Senate bills included this provision to provide      that the assets of individuals and organizations engaged in      planning or perpetrating acts of terrorism against the United      States, as well as the proceeds and instrumentalities of such      acts, are subject to civil forfeiture. Same as original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 807. Technical clarification relating to provision of      material support to terrorism. Both the House and Senate      bills included this provision to clarify that the provisions      of the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of      2000 (title IX of Public Law 106-387) do not limit or      otherwise affect the criminal prohibitions against providing      material support to terrorists or designated terrorist      organizations, 18 U.S.C. Sec. Sec. 2339A & 2339B. Same as      original Administration proposal.       Sec. 808. Definition of Federal crime of terrorism. Both      the House and Senate bills included this provision to update      the list of predicate offenses under the current definition      of ``Federal crime of terrorism,'' 18 U.S.C.      Sec. 2332b(g)(5). Narrower than original Administration      proposal.       Sec. 809. No statute of limitation for certain terrorism      offenses. Both the House and Senate bills included this      provision to eliminate the statute of limitations for certain      terrorism-related offenses, if the commission of such offense      resulted in, or created a foreseeable risk of, death or      serious bodily injury to another person. Narrower than      original Administration proposal.       Sec. 810. Alternative maximum penalties for terrorism      offenses. Both the House and Senate bills included this      provision to raise the maximum prison terms to 15 or 20 years      or, if death results, life, in the following criminal      statutes: 18 U.S.C. Sec. 81 (arson within the special      maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United      States); 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1366 (destruction of an energy      facility); 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2155(a) (destruction of      national-defense materials); 18 U.S.C. Sec. Sec. 2339A &      2339B (provision of material support to terrorists and      terrorist organizations); 42 U.S.C. Sec. 2284 (sabotage of      nuclear facilities or fuel); 19 U.S.C. Sec. 46505(c)      (killings on aircraft); 49 U.S.C. Sec. 60123(b)      (destruction of interstate gas or hazardous liquid      pipeline facility). Narrower than original Administration      proposal.       Sec. 811. Penalties for terrorist conspiracies. Both the      House and Senate-passed bills included this provision to      ensure adequate penalties for certain terrorism-related      conspiracies by adding conspiracy provisions to the following      criminal statutes: 18 U.S.C. Sec. 81 (arson within the      special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United      States); 18 U.S.C. Sec. 930(c) (killings in Federal      facilities); 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1362 (destruction of      communications lines, stations, or systems); 18 U.S.C.      Sec. 1363 (destruction of property within the special      maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States);      18 U.S.C. Sec. 1992 (wrecking trains); 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2339A      (material support to terrorists); 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2340A      (torture); 42 U.S.C. Sec. 2284 (sabotage of nuclear      facilities or fuel); 49 U.S.C. Sec. 46504 (interference with      flight crews); 49 U.S.C. Sec. 46505 (carrying weapons or      explosives on aircraft); 49 U.S.C. Sec. 60123 (destruction of      interstate gas or hazardous liquid pipeline facility).      Narrower than original Administration proposal.       Sec. 812. Post-release supervision of terrorists. Both the      House and Senate bills included this provision to authorize      extended period of supervised release for certain terrorism-     related offenses that resulted in, or created a foreseeable      risk of, death or serious bodily injury to another person.      Narrower than original Administration proposal.       Sec. 813. Inclusion of acts of terrorism as racketeering      activity. Both the House and Senate bills included this      provision to amend the RICO statute to include certain      terrorism-related offenses within the definition of      ``racketeering activity,'' thus allowing multiple acts of      terrorism to be charged as a pattern of racketeering for RICO      purposes. This section expands the ability of prosecutors to      prosecute members of established, ongoing terrorist      organizations that present the threat of continuity that the      RICO statute was designed to permit prosecutors to combat.      Narrower than original Administration proposal.       Sec. 814. Deterrence and prevention of cyberterrorism. Both      the House and Senate bills included this provision to clarify      the criminal statute prohibiting computer hacking, 18 U.S.C.      Sec. 1030, to cover computers located outside the United      States when used in a manner that affects the interstate      commerce or communications of this country, update the      definition of ``loss'' to ensure full costs to victims of      hacking offenses are counted, clarify the scope of civil      liability and eliminate the current mandatory minimum      sentence applicable in some cases. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 815. Additional defense to civil actions relating to      preserving records in response to Government requests. Both      the House and Senate bills included this provision to provide      an additional defense under 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2707(e)(1) to      civil actions relating to preserving records in response to      Government requests. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 816. Development and support of cybersecurity forensic      capabilities. Both the House and Senate bills included this      provision to require the Attorney General to establish      regional computer forensic laboratories and to support      existing computer forensic laboratories to help combat      computer crime. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 817. Expansion of the biological weapons statute. The      Senate-passed bill included this provision to amend the      definition of ``for use as a weapon'' in the current      biological weapons statute, 18 U.S.C. Sec. 175, to include      all situations in which it can be proven that the defendant      had any purpose other than a prophylactic, protective, or      peaceful purpose. This section also creates a new criminal      statute, 18 U.S.C. Sec. 175b, which generally makes it an      offense for certain restricted persons, including non-     resident foreign nationals of countries that support      international terrorism, to possess a listed biological agent      or toxin. Finally, this section provides that the Department      of Health and Human Services enhance its role in bioterrorism      prevention by establishing and enforcing standards and      procedures governing the possession, use, and transfer of      certain biological agents that have a high national security      risk, including safeguards to prevent access to such agents      for use in domestic or international terrorism. Modified from      original Administration proposal, which did not require the      government to establish the mens rea of the defendant to      prove the crime of possession of the biological weapon.                    TITLE IX--IMPROVED INTELLIGENCE       Sec. 901. Responsibilities of Director of Central      Intelligence regarding foreign intelligence collected under      the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. Both the      House and Senate bills included this provision to clarify the      role of the Director of Central Intelligence (``DCI'') with      respect to the overall management of collection      goals, analysis and dissemination of foreign intelligence      gathered pursuant to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance      Act, in order to ensure that FISA is properly and      efficiently used for foreign intelligence purposes. It      requires the DCI to assist the Attorney General in      ensuring that FISA efforts are consistent with      constitutional and statutory civil liberties. The DCI will      have no operational authority with respect to      implementation of FISA, which will continue to reside with      the FBI. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 902. Inclusion of international terrorism activities      within scope of foreign intelligence under National Security      Act of 1947. Both the House and Senate bills included this      provision to revise the National Security Act definitions      section to include ``international terrorism'' as a subset of      ``foreign intelligence.'' This change will clarify the DCI's      responsibility for collecting foreign intelligence related to      international terrorism. Not in original Administration      proposal.       Sec. 903. Sense of Congress on the establishment and      maintenance of intelligence relationships to acquire      information on terrorists and terrorist organizations. Both      the House and Senate bills included this provision to express      the Sense of Congress that the CIA should make efforts to      recruit informants to fight terrorism. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 904. Temporary authority to defer submittal to      Congress of reports on intelligence and intelligence-related      matters. Both the House and Senate bills included this      provision to allow the Secretary of Defense, the Attorney      General and the DCI to defer the submittal of certain reports      to Congress until February 1, 2002. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 905. Disclosure to Director of Central Intelligence of      foreign intelligence-related information with respect to      criminal investigations. Both the House and Senate bills      included this provision to create a responsibility for law      enforcement agencies to notify the Intelligence Community      when a criminal investigation reveals information of      intelligence value. Regularizes existing ad hoc notification,      and makes clear that constitutional and statutory      prohibitions of certain types of information sharing apply.      Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 906. Foreign Terrorist Asset Tracking Center. Both the      House and Senate bills included this provision to regularize      the existing Foreign Terrorist Asset Tracking Center by      creating an element within the Department of Treasury      designed to review all-source intelligence in support of both      intelligence and law enforcement efforts to counter      terrorist financial support networks. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 907. National Virtual Translation Center. Both the      House and Senate bills included this provision to direct the      submission of a report on the feasibility of establishing a      virtual translation capability, making use of cutting-edge      communications technology to link securely translation      capabilities on a nationwide basis. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 908. Training of government officials regarding      identification and use of foreign intelligence. Both the      House and Senate bills included this provision to direct the      Attorney General, in consultation with the DCI, to establish      a training program for Federal, State and local officials on      the recognition and appropriate handling of intelligence      information discovered in the normal course of their duties.      Not in original Administration proposal.                         TITLE X--MISCELLANEOUS       Sec. 1001. Review of the Department of Justice. This      provision authorizes the Inspector General of the Department      of Justice to designate one official to review information      and receive complaints alleging abuses of civil rights and      civil liberties by employees and officials of the Department      of Justice. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 1002. Sense of Congress. This provision condemns      discrimination and acts of violence against Sikh-Americans.      Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 1003. Definition of ``electronic surveillance.'' This      provision authorizes the use of the new computer trespass      authority under FISA. Not in original Administration      proposal.       Sec. 1004. Venue in money laundering cases. This provision      clarifies the judicial districts in which money laundering      prosecutions under 18 U.S.C. Sec. Sec. 1956 and 1957 may be      brought. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 1005. First responders assistance act. This provision      authorizes grants to State and local authorities to respond      to and prevent acts of terrorism. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 1006. Inadmissibility of aliens engaged in money      laundering. This provision makes inadmissible to the United      States any alien who a consular officer or the Attorney      General knows, or has reason to believe, is involved in a      Federal money laundering offense. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 1007. Authorization of funds for DEA police training      in South and Central Asia. This provision authorizes money      for anti-drug training in the Republic of Turkey, and for      increased precursor chemical control efforts in the South and      Central Asia region. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 1008. Feasibility study on use of biometric identifier      scanning system with access to the FBI Integrated automated      fingerprint identification system at overseas consular posts      and points of entry to the United States. This provision      directs the Attorney General to report to Congress on the      feasibility of using a biometric identifier (fingerprint)      scanning system, with access to the FBI fingerprint database,      at consular offices abroad and at points of entry into the      United States. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 1009. Study of access. This provision directs the FBI      to report to Congress on the feasibility of providing      airlines with computer access to the names of suspected      terrorists. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 1010. Temporary authority to contract with local and      State governments for performance of security functions at      United States military installations. This provision provides      temporary authority for the Department of Defense to enter      contracts for the performance of security functions at any      military installation of facility in the United States with a      proximately located local or State government. Not in      original Administration proposal.       Sec. 1011. Crimes against charitable Americans. This      provision amends the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and      Abuse Prevention Act to require any person engaged in      telemarketing for the solicitation of charitable      contributions to disclose to the person receiving the call      that the purpose of the call is to solicit charitable      contributions, and to make such other disclosures as the FTC      considers appropriate. Not in original Administration      proposal.       Sec. 1012. Limitation on issuance of hazmat licenses. This      provision allows the Department of Transportation to obtain      background records checks for any individual applying for a      license to transport hazardous materials in interstate      commerce. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 1013. Expressing the sense of the Senate concerning      the provision of funding for bioterrorism preparedness and      response. This provision expresses the sense of the Senate      that the United States should make a substantial new      investment this year toward improving State and local      preparedness to respond to potential bioterrorism attacks.      Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 1014. Grant program for State and local domestic      preparedness support. This provision authorizes an      appropriated Department of Justice program to provide grants      to States to prepare for and respond to terrorist acts      including but not limited to events of terrorism involving      weapons of mass destruction and biological, nuclear,      radiological, incendiary, chemical, and explosive devices.      The authorization revises this grant program to provide: (1)      additional flexibility to purchase needed equipment; (2)      training and technical assistance to State and local first      responders; and (3) a more equitable allocation of funds to      all States. Not in original Administration proposal.       Sec. 1015. Expansion and reauthorization of the Crime      Identification Technology Act for antiterrorism grants to      States and localities. This provision adds an additional      antiterrorism purpose for grants under the Crime      Identification Technology Act, and authorizes grants under      that Act through fiscal year 2007. Not in original      Administration proposal.       Sec. 1016. Critical infrastructures protection. This      provision establishes a National Infrastructure Simulation      and Analysis Center (NISAC) to address critical      infrastructure protection and continuity through support for      activities related to counterterrorism, threat assessment,      and risk mitigation. Not in original Administration proposal.  