I happen to be in favor of people who are going to be out there for our country getting their insurance paid for if they are in a situation where they do not come under the normal provisions that insulate them from suit.  I know millions of dollars were spent by people from all the investigations that the Congress and others had against government employees, investigations that resulted in nothing in the end, except for the millions of dollars these people paid out of their own pocket. Sure, I think they should have insurance for that. I just ask the question: How much? And will this money come out of their other budget? If it is going to be $200 million or $300 million, let's have a line item for that. I will vote for such a line item.  In here it says, on wiretapping, pen registers, trap and trace devices, if the court finds that a State investigator or law enforcement officer--it could just be an investigator; I don't know if this means a private investigator, a licensed PI--if they certify to the court that the information is relevant, if they just came in and said: Your Honor, I certify this is going to be relevant; I am a State investigator; I am the deputy sheriff of East Washtub--I apologize to anybody if there is such a town, East Washtub. Let's say I am a deputy sheriff on weekends and a mechanic the rest of the time, and I certify we need this, a State officer. Does that mean a Federal judge is going to stop things and give them the order?  I have worked with some very good deputy sheriffs in my time. I am not sure that even with the best--some of them were darned good when I was a prosecutor--any of them are going to go into Federal court and say: I want to certify I need this wiretap or this pen register, trap and trace.  I think we ought to at least know what that is, going into people's computers because the local investigator says, ``I want to.'' I am not sure if the authorities, under normal going into court, asking for a court order, having a hearing, can go into my computer; that is one thing. But if somebody goes out there, for example, and sees me having target practice outside my house--I have a pistol range out back of my house--and they say: I wonder how many guns he has; I want to go into his computer to find out just in case he has listed his ammunition purchases. Should they be allowed to? I would think some of those who are concerned about the rights of gun owners might be a little bit concerned about this provision. I am a gun owner. I am concerned.  Authority to do wiretaps. It says here that we will redesignate paragraph (p), as so redesignated by section 434(2) of the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996, Public Law 104-132; 110 Stat. 1274, as paragraph (r); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (p) as so redesignated by section 201(3) of the Illegal ImmigrationReform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996, division C of Public Law 104-208; 110 Stat. 3009-565, the following new paragraph:       (q) any criminal violations of sections 2332, 2332a, 2332b,      2332d, 2339A, or 2339B of this title (relating to terrorism).      . . .  Does anybody want to tell me what that means? I thought we were here to give help to our law enforcement and our antiterrorist authority to go after people. I thought we were here to try to finish up a bill that the Senator from South Carolina and the Senator from New Hampshire have worked on very closely--and the Senator from West Virginia and the Senator from Alaska--that would give money to our law enforcement agencies so we could go ahead and work and try to get the money which the city of New York and the State of New York desperately need after the horrific, murderous terrorist acts in that city. I thought that was what we were here for.  I will not reread what I said, but to do something that nobody here on the floor can understand or explain, including the people who introduced the amendment.  Now maybe somewhere there is a press release in there. Why don't we all send out a press release, a generic one that says we are against terrorists? No Member of the Senate is for terrorists. Why don't we say we are against murder? Of course we are. But then why don't we say what we are doing here? We are going to amend our wiretap laws so we can look into anybody's computers.  If we are going to change all these things, if we are going to direct the Director of the CIA and, in effect, direct the President to change the rules of the CIA, something the President could have them do just like that, if the President really wants to--if we are going to do all that here, with no hearing, what does this do to help the men and women who were injured or killed in the Pentagon--and their families? What does this do to help the men and women in New York and their families and those children who were orphans in an instant, a horrible instant? Hundreds, perhaps thousands, of children became orphans instantaneously. What does that do for them?  Somewhere we ought to ask ourselves: Do we totally ignore the normal ways of doing business in the Senate? If we do that, what is going to happen when we get down to the really difficult questions?  Maybe the Senate wants to just go ahead and adopt new abilities to wiretap our citizens. Maybe they want to adopt new abilities to go into people's computers. Maybe that will make us feel safer. Maybe. And maybe what the terrorists have done made us a little bit less safe. Maybe they have increased Big Brother in this country.  If that is what the Senate wants, we can vote for it. But do we really show respect to the American people by slapping something together, something that nobody on the floor can explain, and say we are changing the duties of the Attorney General, the Director of the CIA, the U.S. attorneys, we are going to change your rights as Americans, your rights to privacy? We are going to do it with no hearings, no debate. We are going to do it with numbers on a page that nobody can understand.  And by the way, we are going to tell the people who are working around the clock today to stop that and give us reports within 2 months on all these areas. By the way, we commend you for the work you are doing, but set aside a few dozen people and the President to give us these certifications. Part of it seems to me to ask the Attorney General to report back to us right away. We are asking the President to report back to us right away.  Frankly, I think the Attorney General and the President have their hands full right now. I commend them for what they are working on. I have talked with the Attorney General several times over the last few days. He hasn't told me that he needs this investigation. He is pretty busy working on what he is doing. And I say Attorney General Ashcroft is doing a very good job.  I have spoken to the Director of the CIA. He has not requested that we suddenly turn the attention of the Senate to this legislation. I haven't heard from the President that he wants to suddenly have them do a number of reports connected with this. Maybe it would make a lot more sense if we gave the chairman, the vice chairman of the Intelligence Committee, the chairman and ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, and the chairman and ranking member of Judiciary a chance to actually have the kind of hearings necessary to know what we are doing so that we do not get into some of the problems we got into in the past.  If we are going to change habeas corpus, change our rights as Americans, if we are going to change search and seizure provisions, if we are going to give new rights for State investigators to come into Federal court to seek remedies in the already overcrowded Federal courts, fine, the Senate can do that. But what have we done to stop terrorism and to help the people in New York and the survivors at the Pentagon?  I yield the floor.  