President, I am pleased that the Senate is finally turning its attention to retroactively renewing Chapter 12 of the Bankruptcy Code, which protects family farmers and helps them prevent foreclosures and forced auctions of their farms.  Unfortunately, many family farmers have been left in legal limbo in bankruptcy courts across the country since Chapter 12 of the Bankruptcy Code expired on July 1, 2000. Last year, the House of Representatives passed narrow legislation to retroactively renew Chapter 12, but that legislation died in the Senate. I worked to adopt the House-passed bill last year to renew Chapter 12, along with a number of Democratic Senators, but the Senate Majority Leader never scheduled a vote on the bill.  This year, Representative Nick Smith and Representative Tammy Baldwin introduced H.R. 256 to retroactively renew Chapter 12. Thanks to their bipartisan efforts the House passed the bill on February 28 by a vote of 408-2. I commend them for their leadership in securing House passage of this legislation.  Earlier this month, Representative Smith and Representative Baldwin wrote to me about trying to secure quick Senate passage of H.R. 256. I agreed that the Senate should act immediately to renew Chapter 12 of the Bankruptcy Code and send their legislation to the President for his signature into law. I am glad the Majority Leader is finally taking up our request to take up and pass H.R. 256.  During the debate earlier this year on comprehensive changes to the bankruptcy system, some proponents of the controversial reform bill claimed that it must be passed to restore Chapter 12 to the Bankruptcy Code. I hope today's action to pass a stand alone Chapter 12 bill will make it clear to all that the Senate does not have to pass a mammoth bankruptcy reform bill to provide family farmers with bankruptcy protection. I also hope today's action will put an end to any efforts to use Chapter 12 as leverage to enact controversial bankruptcy reform legislation. Our family farmers deserve better.  I strongly support H.R. 256 to retroactively give our family farmers bankruptcy protection if they fall on hard times. It is past time for Congress to retroactively renew Chapter 12 of the Bankruptcy Code to provide a safety net for our nation's family farmers.  