But I say to the distinguished leader, he was my leader when I came to the Senate, and I think he probably had as much involvement in teaching me how to be a Senator as anybody. I will speak further on that at another time.  I hope Senators would work with the distinguished majority leader and the distinguished Republican leader to help us schedule this legislation. I have tried to be accommodating, getting up at 3 o'clock this morning in Vermont to try to get back.  Do I love this bill? Of course I don't love this bill, Madam President. But neither does the distinguished Republican leader. Neither does the distinguished ranking member. There is nobody in here who does. It is impossible to craft a bill of this nature that everybody is going to like.  Does it protect us for all time from terrorism? Of course it does not. As I said earlier, I suspect we had information prior to September 11 in our files at the Justice Department that might have led to the apprehension and the stopping of the terrorists. That was information and intelligence that was acquired properly under the current laws. Will this protect us by itself? No. Will it give us some tools we don't have? Yes. This can be done in such a way that we ask ourselves, are we willing to try some of this for a while? Put constitutional limitations.  I think the distinguished Senator from Mississippi knows I am very truthful when I say I will have some very serious and, I would hope, bipartisan oversight hearings of abuse of the law as we go along. This is not a liberal or conservative piece of legislation. We have liberals and conservatives and moderates who have areas of concerns. We all do because we protect and respect our privacy. I come from a State where privacy is paramount to everybody. It is one thing that unites every one of us, no matter our political background.  But we cannot tell what is going to be the final bill until we consider it. We have to pass something out of the Senate. The House has to pass something. They have been working extraordinarily hard, Madam President, both Chairman Sensenbrenner and Ranking Member Conyers. Why not see what we can come up with? The committee of conference will be the final package. If I don't like the final package, I will be the first to vote against it. But I suspect we will come up with something. We will probably have some very late nights that will be worthwhile.  I thank my friend from Mississippi and my friend from South Dakota for trying to bring this bill up. I will stand ready. I don't have to leave at 3 o'clock anymore this week to be here. I am here. Although I might say, if anybody could know how absolutely beautiful it is in Vermont at this time of year, with the best foliage we have had in 25 years, maybe we should move the Senate up there. It depends on the good graces of my friend from Mississippi.  I yield the floor.  