President, I want to express my support for S. 149, the Export Administration Act of 2001. I want to commend Senators Sarbanes, Gramm, Johnson, and Enzi for crafting a balanced, bipartisan bill that brings long-overdue clarity to the regulation of dual-use exports. This bill removes several unnecessary restrictions on exports that only hinder international trade, puts in place a system to track and license those technologies that have the potential to impact national security, and establishes realistic penalties and sanctions for violations of these regulations.  I am pleased that the managers of the bill have accepted the amendment that Senator Biden and I proposed that will place controls on the export of items that are used to perpetrate acts of torture. The ``torture trade'' is a critical problem that has received too little attention from policymakers, the public, and the press. Too often, companies have exported items, apparently designed for security or crime control purposes, that are actually used to torture people by some of the most inhumane methods imaginable. Amnesty International reports that, over the past decade, more than 80 U.S. companies have been involved in the manufacture, marketing, and export of these types of items, like thumbscrews and electro-shock stun belts, which have been used to commit human rights abuses around the world.  The Leahy-Biden amendment is a modest step to improve the transparency, oversight, and accountability associated with the trade in these items. It builds on existing regulations and requires a license, subject to the approval of the Secretary of Commerce and the concurrence of the Secretary of State, before such items can be exported. It also contains an annual reporting requirement to disclose the aggregate number of licenses to export these items that were granted during the previous year.  This amendment is designed to make sure that certain goods and technologies are not used to commit acts of torture and other human rights abuses. While our amendment moves us in the right direction, I recognize that more can and should be done. Representatives Hyde and Lantos have included an amendment in their version of the bill which contains additional protections that could be very helpful in curtailing the torture trade. I strongly urge the conferees to take a serious look at the Hyde-Lantos amendment when determining the final outcome of the Export Administration Act.  Finally, I believe that the Administration should work with other nations to develop strict standards of export controls for these items. I understand that the European Union is in the process of doing this, and our government should encourage and support that effort.  