President, I am pleased to today to vote to confirm William J. Riley of Nebraska to serve as a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Mr. Riley was the subject of a nominations hearing before the Judiciary Committee on July 24th, which was the fourth of five nominations hearings I have scheduled since the Senate was allowed to reorganize on June 5. Mr. Riley's was the fourth judicial nomination considered by the Judiciary Committee since that date, and the second nominee to a Court of Appeals. The Judiciary Committee has considered and the Senate confirmed three judicial nominees in that period of time, and Mr. Riley will be the fourth, before the August recess begins.  William J. Riley, 54, is a native Nebraskan, and a graduate of the University of Nebraska and the University of Nebraska Law School. Mr. Riley served as a law clerk to the Honorable Donald Lay of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, and went on to a distinguished career with the Omaha law firm of Fitzgerald, Schorr, Barmettler & Brennan. Over the course of his legal career he handled a variety of types of cases, including insurance defense, commercial litigation, and plaintiffs' personal injury, and his clients have ranged from individuals to large corporations. He has extensive litigation experience in both Federal and State courts.  Mr. Riley has been active in bar activities at the State and local level, and in other professional associations. He served as chair of the Nebraska State Bar Ethics Committee from 1996-1998, and in that capacity he was responsible for a non-discrimination amendment to the Nebraska Code of Professional Responsibility. He has also been a member of the Nebraska State Bar's House of Delegates for the last three years. He is on the Executive Council of the Omaha Bar Association, is its immediate past president, and in the past served as its treasurer. He also served as chair of the Federal Practice Committee of the U.S. District Court in Nebraska, and is active in the American College of Trial Lawyers and the American Board of Trial Advocates.  I am always glad to see qualified nominees who are supported by both home-State Senators, and Mr. Riley is such a nominee. In this case, both of the Senators from Nebraska, Chuck Hagel, a Republican, and Ben Nelson, a Democrat, strongly supported his nomination. Both contacted me to ask that he be scheduled for a hearing, and both came to his hearing and spoke convincingly on his behalf.  Senator Hagel told the Judiciary Committee about Mr. Riley's, ``knowledge, experience, and temperament,'' and that he knows Mr. Riley, ``will be an excellent addition to the Eighth Circuit and will serve with distinction.''  When Senator Ben Nelson introduced Mr. Riley at his hearing, he too attested to Mr. Riley's credentials, and underscored the nominee's support from both sides of the aisle, telling us that ``Mr. Riley exemplifies the kind of nominee that we would like to see put forth for these very important judgeships. He is not only a qualified person for this position, but he has earned broad bipartisan support and respect in Nebraska as well.''  I know that both Senator Nelson and Senator Hagel believe that this sort of bipartisan support is a crucial component of a successful nomination, and they followed through by working together with the White House to find a qualified candidate on whom they could agree. I hope the process that they undertook, like the one that recently produced the two District Court judges in Montana, demonstrates the advantages to such an approach.  I hope it makes clear that when the President works with Members of the Senate from both parties on the selection of qualified, consensus candidates to be judicial nominees, those nominations are likely to move more smoothly through the confirmation process.  The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of William J. Riley, of Nebraska, to be a U.S. Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit? On this question, the yeas and nays have been ordered, the clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk called the roll.  