From Benjamin Bristow in 1870, to William Howard Taft and Charles Evans Hughes, Jr., from Robert Jackson to Archibald Cox, Thurgood Marshall and Erwin Griswold, we have had extraordinary people serve this country as our Solicitors General. It is with the importance of this position in mind that I approached the nomination of Ted Olson to serve as Solicitor General of the United States. From my initial meeting with him in advance of the April 5, 2001, hearing and thereafter, I have been assessing this nomination against the responsibilities of that important office.  Initial Concerns. At the outset, I raised with Mr. Olson my concern that his sharp partisanship over the last several years might not be something that he could leave behind. After review of his testimony both orally and in answers to written questions, I have become doubly concerned that Mr. Olson has not shown a willingness or ability to be sufficiently candid and forthcoming with the Senate so that I would have confidence in his abilities to carry out the responsibilities of the Solicitor General and be the voice of the United States before the United States Supreme Court. In addition, I am concerned about other matters in his background.  I will detail below the source of my concerns about Mr. Olson's candor before the Committee about his involvement with the American Spectator and the ``Arkansas Project.'' His initial responses to my questions at his hearing prompted concern that the Committee might not have heard a candid and complete accounting from Mr. Olson. Rather than respond directly and say all that he did do in connection withthose matters, Mr. Olson chose to respond by misdirection and say what he did not do. He initially described his role as extremely limited as a member of the Board of Directors of the American Spectator Educational Foundation and implied that he was involved only after the fact, when that Board conducted a financial audit and terminated the ``Arkansas Project'' activities in 1998.  Need for Committee Inquiry. Mr. Olson has modified his answers over time, his recollection has changed, and he has conceded additional knowledge and involvement. His initial minimizing of his role appears not be consistent with the whole story. Because his responses over time left significant questions and because of press accounts that contradicted the minimized role to which he initially admitted, I wanted to work with Senator Hatch before the Judiciary Committee voted on this nomination to have the Committee perform the bipartisan factual inquiry needed to set forth the facts and resolve all questions and concerns about Mr. Olson's answers.  Indeed, Senator Hatch postponed one Committee vote on Mr. Olson's nomination on May 10 and admitted that ``some legitimate questions'' have arisen and that ``legitimate issues'' were involved. He said that after a May 10 article in the Washington Post indicated that Mr. Olson's role at American Spectator and the activities of the ``Arkansas Project'' were more than just as a member of the Board of Directors in 1998 to which a financial audit was provided.  When I did not hear from Senator Hatch about how he wished to proceed to resolve those legitimate questions, I sent him a letter on May 12 proposing a course of action to avoid any undue delay. After I spend my proposal, Senator Hatch and I talked about it. He said he would be getting back to me and I held out hope that we would be able to proceed in a fair and bipartisan way to get to the facts and let all Members of the Committee make their own assessment before they voted upon the nomination.  Instead, Senator Hatch was apparently just waiting for a letter from Mr. Olson, which arrived accompanied by short, solicited statements from a few selected supporters so that he could unilaterally declare the matter closed. None of these statements could serve as a substitute for the Committee doing its job, and, instead of playing catch-up to the press, exercising the due diligence that the American people expect from the Judiciary Committee in our review of a nominee for a position sometimes called the ``Tenth Supreme Court Justice.'' In essence, the question I wished to examine was whether Mr. Olson fully informed the Committee in response to direct questions about his role in the American Spectator and the ``Arkansas Project.'' This was never a question of whether there was illegal conduct.  Committee Vote. Rather than proceed in a bipartisan way to establish the factual record needed to evaluate Mr. Olson's characterization of his activities, Senator Hatch rejected even an inquiry of limited duration that would have involved jointly interviewing seven individuals, who had already been quoted or referred to by the press, with contemporaneous knowledge from the time in question, and gathering relevant background documents, which had also been referred to in the press. He pressed forward with a vote in Committee on this nomination that resulted in a 9-9 tie vote.  While usually a nomination on such a vote would not be reported to the Senate, circumstances have changed that prompt me to give my consent for Mr. Olson's nomination to be considered. With the constructive assistance of both Leaders and their staffs, we were able over the past week to conduct a limited, bipartisan inquiry on the matters of concern raised by Mr. Olson's responses to the Committee.  Limited Bipartisan Inquiry: Following the 9-9 vote on this nomination in the Judiciary Committee on May 17, 2001, Senator Hatch and I released a joint statement the next day indicating that we were discussing how to move forward on the nomination and to address specific concerns that Members might have prior to the confirmation vote. As part of this inquiry, Committee staff reviewed, on a bipartisan basis, a heavily-redacted version of the report of the Office of Special Review (OSR), prepared by Michael Shaheen and May 21, 2001 responses by Independent Counsel Robert W. Ray, including to questions posed jointly by Senators Hatch and me. One of these letters is in response to a query from Senator Hatch sent unilaterally and without notice to me. On May 22, Senator Hatch and I jointly released for review by all the members of the Senate the two May 21 letters received from Mr. Ray and the redacted OSR report--with additional redactions to remove the names of specific individuals other than the nominee.  In addition, Senator Hatch released a May 22 letter to colleagues that included 71-pages of American Spectator-related records, which were anonymously delivered to my Judiciary Committee and which shed light on how the ``Arkansas Project'' came about. I should note that within minutes of discovery of these documents, copies were made and delivered to Senator Hatch's Judiciary Committee office.  Finally, the Committee staff made efforts to conduct an interview of Ronald Burr, the former publisher of the American Spectator and a key witness to the events in question. In fact, Mr. Burr was the person at the magazine instrumental in obtaining the grant funds from conservative billionaire Richard Mellon Scaife. Among the anonymous-source documents released by Senator Hatch is a December 2, 1993 letter from Richard M. Scaife to R. Emmett Tyrrell, as President and Chairman of the American Spectator Educational Foundation, stating the ``[t]his grant is in response to Ron Burr's October 13, 1993 letter and various conversations with us.'' In addition, Mr. Burr was the person to whom Mr. Olson sent his February 18, 1994 letter confirming the terms of his representation of the American Spectator and his January 30, 1996 letter confirming his acceptance of a membership on the board of the American Spectator Educational Foundation. Unfortunately, Committee staff were unable to speak to Mr. Burr, despite his willingness to do so because the American Spectator refused to release him from the confidentiality provision in his severance agreement for purposes of Mr. Burr's cooperation with the Committee's inquiry.  Contradictions and Discrepancies. Let me describe just a few of the discrepancies in Mr. Olson's evolving statements to this Committee. These are discrepancies that give me pause.  First, Mr. Olson has minimized his knowledge of the ``Arkansas Project'' and its activities through word games and definitional ploys. At the hearing, I asked him the direct question: ``Were you involved in the so-called Arkansas Project at any time?'' Mr. Olson responded by saying what he did not do, and with reference to his membership on the Board of Directors: ``As a member of the board of directors of the American Spectator, I became aware of that. It has been alleged that I was somehow involved in that so-called project. I was not involved in the project in its origin or its management. . . . I was on the board of the American Spectator later on when the allegations about the project were simply that it did exist.'' (Tr. at pp. 200-01).  Why is there reason to suspect that Mr. Olson's role was not limited to that of a Member of the Board to which a financial audit was provided in 1998? A good deal of the basis is provided by subsequent answers provided by Mr. Olson himself. In April, 2001, his testimony was initially that he was not involved, except as a Member of the Board. Over the past several weeks and several rounds of questions, Mr. Olson has expanded his initial response to admit that he and his firm provided legal services in connection with the matter, that he had discussions in ``social'' settings with those working on ``Arkansas Project'' matters, and that he himself authored articles for the magazine paid for out of Scaife's special ``Arkansas Project'' fund.  Compare, for example, Mr. Olson's initial response with his subsequent responses in which he modified his original answer. In his May 9, 2001 letter to me, he stated: ``First, I will address again your questions concerning my involvement in the `Arkansas Project.' My only involvement in what has been characterized as the `Arkansas Project' was in connection with my service tothe Foundation as a lawyer and member of its Board of Directors.'' [Underlining added for emphasis.] Mr. Olson initially left out any reference to his role a lawyer.  Mr. Olson and his supporters then began to engage in a word game over what the meaning of ``Arkansas Project'' is. His law partner Douglas Cox told the Post that Olson testified that he, ``did not know there was this special fund set up by Scaife to finance this Arkansas fact work.'' That might have explained Mr. Olson's testimony if he had said that at the time he was writing the articles and giving legal advice and talking about these matters with the staff, he had been unaware that those conversations were in connection with what came to be known as the ``Arkansas Project.'' But that is not what Mr. Olson testified. In fact, he admitted that he became aware of the ``Arkansas Project'' at least by 1998, and then changed that testimony to sometime in 1997. He said he was a Member of the Board that received an audit of the Scaife funds. So by 2001, his knowledge of the ``Arkansas Project'' and the funding by Scaife was undeniable.  On this particular definitional point, Mr. Olson has minimized his role in and his knowledge of how the Scaife money was spent by the Foundation, even though he was on the board. It strains credulity that he did not know given the size of the Scaife grants--especially when another board member has described briefings to the board on the Arkansas Project and its financing as ``routine.'' [Peter Hannaford, Washington Post, May 15, 2001]. Moreover, board minutes for a meeting on May 19, 1997, which were included in the anonymous-source documents released by Senator Hatch on May 22, indicate that the board--at least at that meeting--discussed a number of financial matters, such as the foundation's equity holdings, operating reserves, employment contracts, and commitments from the Scaife Foundation. (Doc. pp. 44-46).  This is certainly not the first occasion that Mr. Olson has played this word game. Independent Counsel Robert W. Ray notes in response to a request from Senator Hatch, that in a memoranda of interview, Mr. Olson acknowledged that ``he may have been asked questions by [names redacted] about things that they were doing in Arkansas, but Olson did not know anything about the ``Arkansas Project'' and ``he was not involved in the direction of funding of that project.'' Mr. Olson was precise in his denial of knowledge and involvement to refer to the term ``Arkansas Project.'' One unnamed person interviewed by the OSR investigation stated, however, that ``the `Arkansas Project' was not a term used by [name redacted] or anyone else at the American Spectator to his knowledge.'' (May 21 Ray Letter, n. 2).  But even accepting Mr. Olson's strict definition of the ``Arkansas Project,'' which apparently requires knowledge of the Scaife funding source, rather than the broader use of the term to describe the general activities of Clinton scandal mongering underway at the American Spectator from 1993 through 1998, his involvement was more than he described. On Friday, May 11, 2001, the New York Times reported that Mr. Olson said that when he joined the Board of Directors of the American Spectator the ``Arkansas Project'' was underway and that when he found out about it, he helped shut it down. In fact, Mr. Olson's testimony to the Committee was that he was on the Board, ``when the allegations about the project were simply that it did exist. The publisher at the time, under the supervision of the board of directors, hired a major independent accounting firm to conduct an audit to report to the publisher and therefore to the board of directors with respect to how that money was funded. . . . As a result of that investigation, the magazine, while it felt it had the right to conduct those kind of investigations, decided that it was not in the best interest of the magazine to do so. It ended the project. It established rules to restrict that kind of activity in the future. . . .''  In a subsequent written response, Mr. Olson wrote: ``Neither the report by Mr. [Terry] Eastland nor the Board found anything unlawful about the manner in which funds had been spent, which as I recall, had all been for the purpose of investigating and reporting information of legitimate public interest regarding a high level public official. However, because of the controversy surrounding the matter, and issues regarding whether the journalistic products that resulted had been worth the amount spent, the project was ended and the Board adopted new guidelines to govern investigative journalistic efforts in the future.''  The letter is interesting on these points, but only adds to the questions rather than resolving what in fact happened. Mr. Eastland adds another perspective and indicates a much more active role for Mr. Olson than had previously been acknowledged in representations to the Committee. Mr. Eastland writes that in June, 1997, disagreements arose between the magazine's ``then publisher'' and Richard Larry, the executive director of the Scaife foundations.  Mr. Eastland continues: ``At that time, Mr. Tyrrell, who was also chairman of the board, asked Mr. Olson, a board member since 1996, for his assistance in resolving the dispute.'' This role has never previously been acknowledged by Mr. Olson or Mr. Tyrrell. Mr. Eastland then asserts that ``Mr. Olson agreed that a review of the project was necessary.'' He continues: ``Throughout my review, which included an accounting of the monies spent on the project as well as an examination of its management, methods, and results, I had Mr. Olson's strong support.'' So, according to Mr. Eastland, Mr. Olson had a much more extensive role in deciding how the American Spectator would ``resolve'' the dispute, contributed to the decision to conduct a review and played a strong supportive role in the review.  If Mr. Olson is now taking credit for finding out about the ``Arkansas Project'' and for shutting it down, as reported by the New York Times on May 11, 2001, that would be a modification of those responses and his initial response that he was not involved in the project, ``in its origin or its management,'' to his later formulation that he did, ``not recall giving any advice concerning the conduct of the `Project' or its origins or management,'' to his later formulation that he was not involved in its, ``inception, organization or ongoing supervision,'' or alternatively, that his, ``only involvement in what has been characterized as the `Arkansas Project' was in connection with my service to the Foundation as a lawyer and member of its Board of Directors.''  Of course, there is much left unsaid by Mr. Eastland on this and other topics. For example, he does not indicate how he came to be the publisher of the American Spectator and replaced Ronald Burr in November 1997 or whether Mr. Olson had a role in his recruitment or in that action of replacing the publisher. In this regard, Mr. Olson did not indicate to the Committee in his submitted responses to our questionnaire that he had been an officer at the American Spectator Educational Foundation. In written follow up questions, I drew his attention to passages in The Hunting of the President (Id.) in which the authors of that published work indicate that Mr. Olson was named an officer of the organization on October 1997. Mr. Olson's response is uncertain and equivocal indicating that he had a, ``vague recollection that [he] served as a temporary secretary for the purpose of that meeting, and perhaps a subsequent one, something that I did not recall at the time I answered the initial written questions.''  Second, evidence uncovered during the Committee's limited bipartisan inquiry following the Committee vote, raises serious question about whether Mr. Olson accurately denied any role in the ``origin'' of the ``Arkansas Project'' by failing to respond correctly to direct questions about a meeting in his law office held in late December, 1993 when this project was getting organized.  The anonymous-source documents released by Senator Hatch reveal that following requests by the American Spectator as early as October 13, 1993, Richard M. Scaife on December 2, 1993 ``approved a new grant to The American Spectator Educational Foundation, Inc.'' and forwarded the first installment of the grant. (Doc. p. 19). Thus, by late December 1993, the Scaife funding was in place at the American Spectator to support the activitiesthat would come to be called the ``Arkansas Project.''  With the Scaife funding secured, the OSR Report confirms that Mr. Olson met in his office in late December 1993 with people associated with the American Spectator--Ronald Burr, maybe David Henderson, Stephen Boynton and David Hale. (OSR Report, pp. 78, 82, 90; May 21, Joint Q. 5). ``[A]t least seven individuals were identified as having possibly been in attendance.'' (Id.) Mr. Olson recalled this meeting in 1998 during the OSR investigation, stating that ``in approximately December 1993'' he hosted a meeting in his office, that the meeting was ``about the possibility that he provide counsel to the magazine,'' that David Hale attended this meeting, and that ``the participants may have discussed Hale's need for a `Washington lawyer' to represent him if he was called to testify before any congressional committees.'' (OSR Report, pp. 28, 78).  While the description of what discussions may have taken place at this meeting is ``incomplete and inconsistent'' with ``inconsistencies not resolved by the Shaheen investigation'' (May 21 Ray Response to Joint Q. 5), the OSR report contains the following descriptions from other participants in the meeting: ``while Hale may have been a topic of conversation during this meeting, no one requested Olson to represent Hale'' (p. 82); ``[Redacted] recalled meeting with attorneys Theodore Olson and [redacted] to discuss the representation of David Hale, . . .'' (P. 90). Mr. Ray has identified these references likely to be to the same December 1993 meeting. (May 21 Ray Response to Joint Qs. 5, 7, 9).  In addition to these limited descriptions in the OSR Report, Independent Counsel Ray reviewed the underlying memoranda of interviews of three participants in the December 1993 meeting in Mr. Olson's office and summarized their statements in a May 21 letter responding to a question sent unilaterally by Senator Hatch. According to Mr. Ray, whose cooperation during this bipartisan inquiry has been exemplary and helpful, Mr. Olson admitted that at this meeting David Hale's need for counsel was discussed and that this meeting was ``the commencement of [my] relationship with the American Spectator magazine'' but he declined to describe the substance of that discussion, claiming the attorney/client privilege.'' (Id., p. 2). It is difficult to see, however, how the meeting could be covered by attorney/client privilege when David Hale, who had no formal affiliation with the Spectator, was present.  One unnamed participant confirms part of Mr. Olson's recollection, stating, ``the purpose of the meeting was to get Olson to represent Hale.'' Another unnamed participant appears to confirm the other part of Mr. Olson's recollection regarding the second purpose of the meeting about American Spectator activities, stating: ``The subject of this meeting was Bill and Hillary Clinton and the need for the Spectator to investigate and report on numerous alleged Clinton scandals.'' (Emphasis supplied).  Having seen the OSR Report and a statement submitted by Michael Horowitz, I am led to wonder whether the account of a late 1993 or early 1994 meeting in the Washington law office of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher attended by David Henderson, Steve Boynton, John Mintz, Ronald Burr, Ted Olson and Michael Horowitz in The Hunting of the President (J. Conason & G. Lyons, 2000) is more accurate than we have been led to believe by Mr. Olson. At his hearing, I had asked Mr. Olson whether there had been any meetings of the ``Arkansas project'' in his office and he responded without reservation: ``No, there were none.''  I followed up with a written question asking in particular about the time frame of 1993 and 1994, and Mr. Olson answered that he was, ``not aware of any meeting organizing, planning or implementing the `Arkansas Project' in my law firm in 1993 or 1994.'' I then followed up by drawing his attention to a passage out of The Hunting of the President (Id.) in which the authors of that book wrote that a meeting did take place at which the topic was using Scaife funds and the American Spectator to, ``mount a series of probes into the Clintons and their alleged crimes in Arkansas.'' in response to that written question, Mr. Olson was less assertive and categorical. He did not deny that a meeting took place but disputed the characterization of the topic of the meeting. Hedging his testimony, he noted that he did, ``not recall the meeting described.''  With respect to Mr. Olson's initial categorical denial of meeting at Gibson Dunn's offices, in response to another written follow up question derived from a passage in The Hunting of the President (Id.), I asked whether there had, in fact been meetings not only in 1993 and 1994 but also in July 1997 at the offices of Mr. Olson's law firm to discuss allegations that money for the ``Arkansas Project'' had been misallocated. Confronted with the specific reference to the public record, Mr. Olson modified his earlier categorical denial by conceding: ``I do recall meetings, which I now realize must have been in the summer of 1997 in my office regarding allegations regarding what became known as the `Arkansas Project' and questions concerning whether expenditures involved in that project had been properly documented.''  Third, Mr. Olson has apparently down-played his involvement in the development and direction of ``Arkansas Project'' stories, perhaps to avoid any inconsistency with his initial representation to the Committee that he was not involved in the management of this project.  Yet, according to a published report in the Washington Post on May 10, 2001, the report to which Senator Hatch referred when he indicated that ``legitimate questions'' had been raised, David Brock told Post reporters that ``Olson attended a number of dinner meetings at the home of R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr., president and chairman of the Spectator, which were explicitly `brainstorming' sessions about the Arkansas Project.'' While Mr. Olson refused to respond to this allegation, his law partner, Douglas Cox, who worked on the Spectator account, conceded that Olson attended such dinners, but that ``did not mean that he was aware of the scope of the `Arkansas Project' and the Scaife funding.''  David Brock has also indicated that Mr. Olson was ``directly involved in the Arkansas Project, participating in discussions about possible stories and advising the magazine whether to publish one of its most controversial stories, about the death of Clinton White House deputy counsel Vincent Foster.'' Washington Post, May 11, 2001. According to the account in the Post, Mr. Olson told Mr. Brock that, ``while he didn't place any stock in the piece, it was worth publishing because the role of the Spectator was to write Clinton scandal stories in hopes of `shaking scandals loose.' '' In his response to Senator Hatch, Mr. Olson did not deny Mr. Brock's account head on. Instead, he wrote that he told Mr. Brock that the article did not appear to be libelous or to raise any legal issues that would preclude its publication, and that he was not going to tell the editor-in-chief what should appear in the magazine.  The Washington Post also reported that both R. Emmett Tyrrell and Wladyslaw Pleszczynski said that project story ideas, legal issues involving the stories, and other directly related matters were discussed with Mr. Olson by staff members and at dinner parties of Spectator staff and board members. The reaction from Mr. Olson's supporters was swift. On May 15, 2001, Senator Hatch shared with us a letter he obtained from Messrs. Tyrrell and Pleszczynski denying the specific words in the Post story but not denying that they talked to the Post reporters. Indeed, the Post story quotes Mr. Tyrrell, a quote he does not disavow, as saying he did not recall, but it was a possibility that he talked to Ted Olson about the stories about the Clintons. ``I would say it was a possibility, just as it was a possibility that Roosevelt would have discussed Pearl Harbor on December 8 with his secretary of state.'' Tyrrell and Pleszczynski also say that Mr. Olson's carefully worded disclaimer was technically accurate as far as it went.  In a blatant effort to undermine Mr. Brock's powerful, first-hand recollection of Mr. Olson's participation in and contributions to the activities of the ``Arkansas Project,'' Mr. Tyrrell also submitted a statement that Mr. Brock was not a part of the ``Arkansas Project.'' Mr. Brock, in reply, submitted strong contradictory evidenceto the Tyrrell statement and supplied the committee with multiple Arkansas Project expense reports which remain unrefuted and which Mr. Brock states, ``clearly show that I was reimbursed thousands of dollars by the Project for travel, office supplies, postage, and the like.''  Over the course of the past few weeks, Mr. Olson has downplayed any significance of discussions in social settings about the stories that were the product of the ``Arkansas Project.'' In his May 9, 2001, letter, Mr. Olson acknowledged: ``Your previous questions asked about contacts that I may have had with people involved in the project. My answer was and is that I had dealings with the editors of the magazine and some of its reporters and staff, some social, some in connection with legal work. This was during a time when those persons were involved in one form or another with the investigative journalistic efforts which the magazine was contemporaneously pursuing. I was, of course, aware, along with the public generally, that the magazine was writing articles about the Clintons, but I did not know that there was a special source of funding for these efforts.''  In his May 14, 2001, letter to Senator Hatch, he writes: ``It was also true that in social settings, the magazine's editorial staff and writers spoke of the articles that they were involved in writing and publishing. I was among scores of people from time to time included in such social events, but nothing about these social discussions involved organizing, supervising or managing the project--they were simply discussions of subjects of contemporaneous interest to the magazine's editors and writers.''  Yet, taken as a whole, Mr. Olson was clearly involved and participated both professionally and socially in the work of the American Spectator and its ``Arkansas Project.'' There is absolutely nothing illegal about this involvement and participation, but it shows a larger role in these activities than Mr. Olson initially portrayed.  Fourth, Mr. Olson minimized his role in the ``Arkansas Project'' and the American Spectator by failing to give complete information about the amount of remuneration he has received for his activities on their behalf when he was first asked. He told us on April 19 that he was paid from $500 to $1,000 for his articles that appeared in the American Spectator magazine. Yet, we find out in the Washington Post on May 10 that his firm was paid over $8,000 for work that was used in just one of those articles. In addition, the Post reported that over $14,000 was paid to Mr. Olson's law firm and attributed by American Spectator to the ``Arkansas Project.''  When he was asked during his hearing about an article he had coauthored that was published under the pseudonym ``Solitary, Poor, Nasty, Brutish and Short'' in the American Spectator magazine he did not indicate that ``the magazine hired [his] firm to prepare'' such materials and to perform legal research on the theoretical criminal exposure of the President and Mrs. Clinton based on press accounts of their conduct. I, for one, thought Mr. Olson had defended his writings as matters of personal First Amendment political expression. I had no idea from his testimony at his confirmation hearing that this article was part of his and his firm's ongoing legal representation of American Spectator Educational Foundation, that it was a commissioned piece of legal writing, paid for by a grant from conservative billionaire Richard Mellon Scaife. I am now left to wonder whether his article that was so critical of the Attorney General and the Justice Department was as he described them at his hearing the ``statements of a private citizen,'' or another richly paid for political tract.  Mr. Tyrrell and Mr. Pleszcynski do not deny that Mr. Olson was paid for the chart speculating on the Clintons' potential criminal exposure. Instead, they merely repeat the mantra that even if he was paid with ``Arkansas Project'' funds, Mr. Olson would not have known that. What they leave out is a necessary qualifier, ``at the time he received the payment.'' They and Mr. Olson became privy to the internal audit of the ``Arkansas Project'' by 1998. That audit and his knowledge as a Board Member of the extent of the ``Arkansas Project'' it revealed render Mr. Olson's testimony in April, 2001, less than complete.  I have inquired of Mr. Olson what his and his firm's legal representation of the American Spectator entailed. In response he has been extremely general, vague and unspecific and, at times, has cloaked his nonresponsiveness in allusions to the attorney-client privilege. In fact, his law partner, Douglas Cox, has acknowledged that he and Mr. Olson worked on legal matters for the American Spectator, including legal research that was incorporated into the article that was published in 1994 in the American Spectator, under a fictitious name, that argues that the President was facing up to 178 years in prison and Mrs. Clinton had a criminal exposure of 47 years in prison. He then proceeds to undercut any claim of attorney-client privilege for these activities by indicating that they did not rely on any communications with anyone at American Spectator.  Having now conceded his involvement in these matters, something he did not do initially, the question arises: how extensive was that involvement as a lawyer? That is why I asked at least for production of his firm's billing records for legal services rendered to the American Spectator, but was stonewalled on that request. Mr. Olson asserted attorney-client privilege; he did not offer to cooperate by producing non-privileged copies of those records. (April 25 Response, Q.4; May 9 Response, p. 3). Such records have been produced in connection with other government inquiries.  As part of the bipartisan inquiry undertaken after the Committee vote on this nomination, we became aware of this fact. The May 28, 1999 transmittal letter for the December 9, 1998 OSR Report indicates that request were made to Mr. Olson and his law firm, Bigson Dunn & Crutcher (GD) for billing records for any client that had received Scaife foundation grants between 1992-1998 in order to ascertain whether there had ``been an indirect method to compensate GD for its unpaid representation of Hale.'' Just as here, GD initially invoked attorney-client privilege but ultimately non-privileged billing records for Mr. Olson's and GD's representation of both David Hale and the American Spectator were produced. (May 21 Ray Response to Joint A. 1). However, the independent counsel was unable to forward those records in response to the bipartisan, joint request for them from Senator Hatch and myself.  Accordingly, Senator Hatch and I then sent a joint request to Mr. Olson's firm requesting information about the total amount of fees paid by the American Spectator to the firm. On May 24, Mr. Cox informed us by letter that the amount paid over the course of five and one-half years for legal services performed is $94,405. That is a far different number than the $500 to $1,000 per article the Committee was first told by Mr. Olson.  Fifth, Mr. Olson has tried to distance himself from the most controversial aspects of the ``Arkansas Project'' in its activities to publicize allegations of wrongdoing about the Clintons in Arkansas. Mr. Olson stated that he ``represented the American Spectator in the performance of legal services from time to time beginning in 1994 . . . those legal services were not for the purpose of conducting or assisting in the conduct of investigations of the Clintons.'' (April 25th Responses, Q. 4). Yet, we find out he was paid over $8,000 to prepare a chart outlining the Clintons' criminal exposure as research for a February 1994 article Mr. Olson co-authored against the Clintons entitled, `Criminal laws Implicated by the Clinton Scandals: A partial list.'  Finally, Mr. Olson has testified he simply does not recall who contacted him to represent David Hale. When I asked Mr. Olson at his April 5 hearing how he came to represent Mr. Hale he started by saying, ``[t]wo of [Hale's] then lawyers contacted me and asked . . . .'' A few seconds later Mr. Olson said, ``[o]ne of his lawyers contacted me--I can't recall the man's name--and asked whether I would be available to represent Mr. Hale in connection with that subpoena here in Washington, D.C. They felt that they needed Washington counsel with some experience dealing with a congressional investigation. I did agree to do that. Mr. Hale and I met together.''  Even in his May 9 letter, Mr. Olson asserts that he, ``cannot recall when[he] was first contacted about the possibility of representing Mr. Hale.'' He indicates that he believes, ``that [he] was contacted by a person or persons whose identities [he] cannot presently recall sometime before then regarding whether I might be willing to represent Mr. Hale if he needed representation in Washington. As I recall, I indicated at the time that I might be able to do so, but only in connection with a potential congressional subpoena, not with respect to legal matters pending in Arkansas. . . . I believe that this meeting was inconclusive because Mr. Hale did not at that time need representation in Washington.''  The Washington Post reported that David Henderson said that he introduced Hale to Olson when Hale came to Washington to find a lawyer who could help him deal with a subpoena from the Senate Whitewater committee, and sat in on a meeting between the two men. Interestingly, David Henderson apparently signed a statement on May 14 indicating that in his view he broke no law while implementing the ``Arkansas Project.'' What he does not say and what he does not deny is that he was the person who introduced David Hale to Mr. Olson. The role that David Henderson played in introducing David Hale to Mr. Olson is apparently corroborated by several other witnesses who have spoken to the American Prospect in a story released on May 24.  It now strikes me as strange that a man as capable as Mr. Olson with his vast abilities of recall could not remember the name of David Henderson, if Mr. Henderson was, in fact, involved in setting up that representation. It strikes me as doubly strange when the bipartisan inquiry conducted after the Committee vote on this nomination uncovered evidence that Mr. Olson was able to recall who introduced him to David Hale just a couple of years ago when asked the same question.  The OSR Report indicates that in 1998 Mr. Olson recalled who referred David Hale to him for legal representation, stating: ``Hale became a client of Olson's firm around November 1995. Olson believes that Hale may have been referred to him by [redacted].'' (OSR Report, p. 79).  It leads one to wonder whether Mr. Olson's failure to recall the name David Henderson had something to do with his not wanting to indicate the connection to such a central figure in the ``Arkansas Project.'' Indeed, it has been reported that when Mr. Olson became a Member of the Board of Directors of the American Spectator his January 1996 letter accepting the position was addressed to the publisher Ronald Burr with copies sent to Messrs. Tyrrell and Henderson. Mr. Henderson says in his recent statement that he served for a while on the Spectator Board. But why was he, in particular, sent a copy? One explanation is that Mr. Olson has a selective memory and that he did not recall Mr. Henderson as the person who contacted him to represent David Hale because that would simply be another tie to the ``Arkansas Project.'' But we may never know for sure.  On this point regarding how Mr. Olson came to represent Mr. Hale, and Mr. Olson's testimony to the Committee about it, Michael J. Horowitz submitted a statement that says that he, Mr. Horowitz, ``attended one meeting in Mr. Olson's presence at which the matter discussed was legal representation for David Hale, who was facing Congressional testimony and was in need of distinguished Washington counsel. At that meeting--at which no mention I know of was made of the `Arkansas Project' or any term like it--the subject under discussion was whether Mr. Olson's firm would serve as counsel to Mr. Hale.''  It is entirely unclear in what capacity Mr. Horowitz was attending such a meeting, but it may not have been quite as simple as one or two lawyers then representing Mr. Hale approaching a high profile Washington lawyer and his instantaneous agreement to accept the representation for a client without a retainer and without much prospect of being paid after. According to Mr. Olson, he and Mr. Hale ``met together'' and Mr. Hale agreed to pay [Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher's] fees.'' In the end, Mr. Hale could not pay the $140,000 in legal fees he owned Mr. Olson.  Fitness to be Solicitor General. Some have said, why is this important? Does this matter whether he accurately and fully described his role in the American Spectator and the ``Arkansas Project''? It is important for two reasons, both of which go to the core of the fitness of the nominee to serve as Solicitor General. The principle question raised by the nomination of Mr. Olson to this particular position is whether his partisanship over the last several years in connection with so many far reaching anti-Clinton efforts mark Mr. Olson as a thoroughgoing partisan who will not be able to check his partisan political instincts at the door to the Office of the Solicitor General. Similar questions were raised by the nomination of Michael Chertoff. In that case the questions were answered and the doubts dissipated. In connection with the Olson nomination, those doubts have grown over time.  Had Mr. Olson conceded the extent of his involvement in anti-Clinton activities and given the kinds of assurances that Mr. Chertoff did about his upcoming responsibilities, I would be supporting his confirmation. Indeed, when I met with Mr. Olson and at his hearing, I hoped and expected that to be my position. I expected to be able to give him the benefit of the doubt and, in light of the deference I would normally accord a President's Executive Branch nominees, I fully expected to be voting for this nomination.  In the wake of the hearing, the series of supplemental responses we have received and the unanswered questions now in the public record about Mr. Olson's involvement in partisan activities like the ``Arkansas Project,'' I still have my doubts.  Second is the question of candor and straightforwardness. I have not had the sense from his hearing onward that Mr. Olson has been truly forthcoming with me or with the Committee. My sense is that for some reason he chose from the outset to try to minimize his role in connection with the activities of the American Spectator, that he has sought to characterize it in the most favorable possible light, that he has sought to conclude for us rather than provide us with the facts and let us conclude how to view his activities.  I will cite another example of nonresponsiveness from the record. I asked Mr. Olson in light of his testimony at the hearing that he was not involved in the origins or management of the `Arkansas Project': ``Were you involved in advising anyone who was involved in the origins or management of the project? If so, what advice did you provide? Were you at meetings or social events with anyone involved in the project as an originator, manager, reporter, or source for the project? If so, what role did you play at these meetings or social events?''  Mr. Olson's response was, as follows:       ``I did not realize that a Project of any sort was underway      except to the extent that I have indicated. I was in contact      at social events with reporters for the magazine and members      of the editorial staff, individuals whom I regard as personal      friends. I have been at countless social events at which one      or more of such persons may have been present. I have not      kept records of such meetings, or the nature of the      conversations that may have occurred at such meetings that      might have involved President Clinton or his contemporaneous      or past conduct. I was not playing any particular role at      those social events, except that I was probably a host of      events at which persons who wrote for or performed editorial      services for the American Spectator may have been present. To      the extent that it is relevant to your inquiry, I was the      best man at the wedding of the editor-in-chief of the      American Spectator. I recall that he was also present at my      wedding. He is a personal friend and we have had numerous      social meetings. He has written at least two books about      former President Clinton. I do not interpret your inquiry as      asking for the substance of conversations at social events.      And I do not recall giving any advice concerning the conduct      of the `Project' or its origins or management.  Literally true? Probably. Responsive? Hardly. At the time of his hearing and his answer, Mr. Olson was well aware of the activities of the ``Arkansas Project,'' which was operated by the organization for which he acted as lawyer, author and contributor, Board Member and officer. He had been presented with an audit and played a pivotal role in reviewing the examination of its management, methods and results, according to Mr. Eastland. His answer, however, steers clear of perjury without responding to the concerns being raised. It relies on a lack of recollection and is an attempt at distraction.  Conclusion. As I review this record and the initial nonresponsiveness, lack of recall, corrections when confronted with specifics, I am left to wonder what happened to ``absolute candor and fair dealing.'' In concluding my May 4, 2001, letter to Mr. Olson I noted: ``The credibility of the person appointed to be the Solicitor General is of paramount importance. When arguing in front of the Supreme Court on behalf of the United States Government, the Solicitor General is expected to come forward with both the strengths and weaknesses of the case, to inform the Court of things it might not otherwise know, and to be honest in all his or her dealings with the Court. I expect that same responsiveness and cooperation from nominees before this Committee.'' My expectations have been disappointed.  I understand the role of a lawyer-advocate in our legal system, and I did not intend to oppose this nomination merely because of Mr. Olson's clients and his clients' activities. If confirmed, however, Mr. Olson's next client will be the United States of America--and all of us. I want to be sure that our nation's top lawyer will see the truth and speak the truth fully to the Supreme Court and represent all of our best interests in the weighty matters over which the Solicitor General exercises public authority. Based upon what I have seen I do not have the requisite confidence in Mr. Olson to be able to support his nomination. I will vote no.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  