President, I am pleased that the Senate is passing the Smith-Leahy Federal Judiciary Protection Act, S. 1099.  In the last two Congresses, I joined as an original cosponsor of identical legislation introduced by Senator Gordon Smith, which unanimously passed the Senate Judiciary Committee and the Senate but was not acted upon by the House of Representatives. I commend the Senator from Oregon for his continued leadership in protecting public servants in our Federal government.  Our bipartisan legislation would provide greater protection to Federal judges, law enforcement officers, and United States officials and their families. Federal law enforcement officers, under our bill, include United States Capitol Police Officers. United States officials, under our bill, include the President, Vice President, Cabinet Secretaries and Members of Congress.  Specifically, our legislation would: increase the maximum prison term for forcible assaults, resistance, intimidation or interference with a Federal judge, law enforcement officer or United States official from 3 years imprisonment to 8 years; increase the maximum prison term for use of a deadly weapon or infliction of bodily injury against a Federal judge, law enforcement officer or United States official from 10 years imprisonment to 20 years; and increase the maximum prison term for threatening murder or kidnapping of a member of the immediate family of a Federal judge or law enforcement officer from 5 years imprisonment to 10 years.  Our bipartisan bill has the support of the Department of Justice, the United States Judicial Conference, the United States Sentencing Commission and the United States Marshal Service.  It is most troubling that the greatest democracy in the world needs this legislation to protect the hard working men and women who serve in our Federal government. Just a few months ago, I was saddened to read about death threats against my colleague from Vermont after his act of conscience in declaring himself an Independent.  Senator Jeffords received multiple threats against his life, which forced around-the-clock police protection. 