President, all of us have a strong desire to confront and conquer the scourge of drug abuse and the ways it ravages American lives, especially young American lives. The debate on how best to prevail in this struggle is well under way in communities and at kitchen tables across the nation. The President's nomination of John Walters to head the Office of National Drug Control Policy has been the most recent catalyst for this debate.  I voted against Mr. Walters' nomination in committee. In light of that, I would like to share some of my concerns about Mr. Walters in the hope that he will take them to heart, and that he will greatly exceed my expectations and the expectations of the other Senators who voted against him in committee.  I believe Mr. Walters was the wrong choice for this job, and that his sharply partisan approach to drug policy issues provides an imperfect fit for an era of growing bipartisan consensus about drugs. Indeed, his ideological bent is a hindrance when our efforts to prevent drug abuse call for cooperation and pragmatism. Until his confirmation hearings, most of the little he had said and written about drug treatment was deeply skeptical. He has focused primarily on the need to reduce the supply of drugs, too rarely focusing on the neglected demand side of the drug equation. He has also dismissed concerns about the racial impact of ourcurrent drug policies and the utility of mandatory minimum sentences. In short, Mr. Walters' public record does not inspire confidence in those of us who think Congress has occasionally made the wrong decisions in our attempts to prevent drug abuse.  I do not doubt Mr. Walters' intellect or the depth of his concern about our nation's drug problems. I simply believe that he is not the best person to coordinate our anti-drug efforts. We all agree that the fight against drug abuse is vitally important. We disagree only in the methods we choose to achieve our shared goal of a drug-free America.  We have worked hard on the Judiciary Committee to ensure a speedy and fair hearing for the Bush administration's executive branch nominees. Within days of the Senate's reorganization this summer and my becoming chairman, I noticed a hearing on Asa Hutchinson's nomination to head the Drug Enforcement Administration. After we had the hearing, I expedited the process to provide a quick committee vote, and then worked to secure a vote on the floor so that Mr. Hutchinson's nomination could be approved before the August recess. I similarly expedited the process for the nominations of Robert Mueller to head the Federal Bureau of Investigation and of James Ziglar to head the Immigration and Naturalization Service, among others.  I scheduled John Walters' nomination hearing for the first full week following our August recess. That hearing was set for the morning of September 11, and was, of course, postponed as a result of the terrorist attacks in New York and near Washington. I made every effort to reschedule the hearing as soon as possible, consistent with our obligations to consider the anti-terrorism legislation that the Administration proposed shortly after the attacks. I believed strongly that drug abuse was still a vital problem for this nation and that we needed to continue to pay attention to our domestic priorities even as we engaged in our necessary response to terrorism. The committee considered the nomination on October 10.  After that hearing, the work of the Judiciary Committee was made more difficult by the anthrax concerns that led to the closing of the Senate office buildings and the displacement of Members and their staffs. Considering these delays, and the controversy that Mr. Walters engendered, I think it is a tribute to the committee that we voted on his nomination as quickly as we did, within a month of his confirmation hearing.  Law enforcements is and will remain indispensable in reducing drug abuse. Indeed, we all agree that we must severely punish those who traffic in and sell drugs. More than anyone, however, law enforcement officers know that improving drug treatment and taking other measures to reduce the demand for drugs will greatly assist their efforts. The White House also understands this. President Bush has said that ``[t]he most effective way to reduce the supply of drugs in America is to reduce the demand for drugs in America,'' and has promised that his administration will concentrate ``unprecedented attention'' on the demand for drugs. In the Senate, I have joined with Senator Hatch, Senator Biden, and others in introducing S. 304, the Drug Abuse Education, Prevention, and Treatment Act. That legislation would increase the federal focus on treatment programs, with targeted programs to increase the availability and effectiveness of drug treatment programs in rural areas, provide additional treatment opportunities for mothers who are addicted to drugs, and more.  Although Mr. Walters testified at his confirmation hearing and wrote in his responses to written questions that he supports drug treatment efforts, his previous record casts doubt on the strength of this support. Mr. Walters has criticized the concept that addiction is a disease, referring to that concept as an ``ideology;'' even though it is held widely, if not universally, by government and private experts. He has written that ``the culture of victimhood lies at the core of the therapeutic worldview.'' He has said that he supports ``good'' treatment but sharply criticized existing treatment providers, aside from faith-based providers. These and other statements by Mr. Walters have caused great concern among many of these who care about treating drug addiction. For example, the president of the Betty Ford Center wrote to the Judiciary Committee on October 9 that: ``Mrs. Ford and I are convinced that Mr. Walters may not have the confidence in the treatment and prevention strategies that we believe are necessary for the creation and implementation of a balanced and thoughtful approach to U.S. drug policy.''  As I have said repeatedly, we cannot reduce drug abuse without punishing drug offenders, and in particular without ensuring that those who traffic in and sell drugs are incarcerated for substantial periods of time. At the same time, many of us--Democrats and Republicans--have come to question our reliance on mandatory minimum sentences for a wide variety of drug offenses, as well as the 100:1 disparity under current law between sentences for crack and powder cocaine. In his writings and statements, Mr. Walters has been hostile to reconsideration of these policy choices Congress made during the 1980s. For example, he wrote as recently as March that the arguments that we are imprisoning too many people for merely possessing illegal drugs and that criminal sentences are too long or harsh were ``among the great urban myths of our time.'' This statement flies in the face of the widespread dissatisfaction with mandatory minimum sentences among policymakers and federal judges. Indeed, Chief Justice Rehnquist and the Judicial Conferences composed of representatives from all 12 U.S. circuits have called for the repeal of federal mandatory minimum sentences. Mr. Walters has said he would conduct a review of the current sentencing structure, but given his past views, I do not believe that he is the best person to undertake that task.  Between 1983 and 1998, drug admissions to State and Federal prisons increased almost 16-fold, from over 10,000 drug admissions in 1983 to almost 167,000 new prison entries for drug offenses in 1998. During this time, white drug admissions increased more than 7-fold, Hispanic drug admissions increased 18-fold, and black drug admissions increased more than 26-fold. The disparity in sentences for crack and powder cocaine has contributed significantly to this disproportionate imprisonment of African Americans. Under current law, it takes only 1 percent as much crack cocaine to trigger equal mandatory minimum penalties with powder cocaine. This disparity has a severe racial impact, as African Americans are much more likely than white Americans to be sentenced for crack offenses. For example, in FY 1999, blacks accounted for 84.7 percent of those sentenced for crack offenses and whites accounted for just 5.4 percent. There is also reason to doubt the logic of the crack-powder distinction on law enforcement grounds. Since cocaine is imported and distributed in powder form, and only manufactured into crack at the retail level, those persons at the highest end of the drug distribution chain are rarely affected by the increased crack penalties. In other words, the harshest sentences are reserved for less-culpable offenders.  Despite these troubling facts, Mr. Walters has referred to the racial impact of the sentencing disparity as a ``perceived racial injustice'' and urged Congress in 1996 testimony to ``[b]lock lower crack sentences'' and to strip the U.S. Sentencing Commission of authority even to propose changes in criminal penalties where Congress has adopted mandatory minimums. His position on this issue undoubtedly has played a role in the decision by 21 members of the Congressional Black Caucus, including the ranking Democratic member of the House Judiciary Committee, Mr. John Conyers, to oppose this nomination. Considering that Mr. Conyers was such a strong supporter of Asa Hutchinson's nomination to head the Drug Enforcement Administration that he took the time to write me about it, I take his strong opposition to this nomination seriously.  Mr. Walters' reaction to popular and legislative judgments by various States to allow limited use of marijuana for medical purposes also concerns me. Numerous states have considered and passed medical marijuana initiatives, some by substantial majorities. Mr. Walters has responded to this trend by advocating that the federal government use the Controlled SubstancesAct to take away the federal licenses from any physician who prescribes marijuana to a patient in states that permit the practice. Such a step would prevent these doctors from prescribing or possessing any medication that is federally controlled, basically making the practice of medicine impossible. In addition to running roughshod over any federalism concerns whatsoever, Mr. Walters' draconian response raises questions about his sense of proportion. Although shutting down the process as he has suggested may be effective in rendering these State-passed initiatives meaningless, his proposal is a very blunt instrument, to say the least.  Mr. Walters' response to written questions on this issue did not alleviate my concerns. I asked him whether the Federal government should make it a priority to prosecute people who distribute marijuana to ill people in States that have approved medical marijuana initiatives. He answered that he supports ``enforcing the law,'' and then briefly discussed the relatively small size of the DEA, without addressing whether medical marijuana cases should be a priority. I am all the more disappointed by the insufficiency of this answer in light of last month's DEA raid on a California center that provided marijuana to the ill in accordance with California law. It is absurd that such a matter has become a government priority, given our growing problems with heroin, metham- phetamines, and other far more powerful and dangerous drugs. I asked Mr. Walters recently about this raid, but he said he believed it would be inappropriate to make any substantive comment prior to his confirmation.  Mr. Walters has been a prominent spokesman for active interdiction efforts in Latin America, and I fear he would seek to have the United States overextend its anti-drug role in Latin America. Prior to the development of Plan Colombia, he said that ``we need to do more in Latin America'' in ``[f]ighting drugs at the source.'' He has also been a consistent supporter of increasing the U.S. military's role in preventing drugs from entering the United States. I agree that reducing the supply of drugs would have tremendous benefits for our nation. At the same time, I agree with President Bush that the reason that so many drugs find their way to our shores is because there is substantial demand for them. The costs--both financial and political--of our involvement in the internal affairs of Latin American nations require close scrutiny. I have been skeptical about many elements of the ill-considered Plan Colombia, and we should be extremely cautious of additional proposals of that nature.  In addition, Mr. Walters has been sharply critical of Mexico, calling it a ``narco state'' and a ``safe haven'' for the illegal drug industry. Although these comments were made about predecessor governments to the Fox administration, they cannot help Mr. Walters' efforts to implement the Bush administration's appropriate policy of strengthening our ties with Mexico.  Mr. Walters has forcefully expressed his positions on drug-related and other issues for the better part of two decades, both in and out of government. He is a staunch advocate for interdiction and punishment, but his record has not demonstrated a commitment to a comprehensive approach to our drug problems. When the Judiciary Committee held its confirmation hearing for this nominee, I said that I feared that Mr. Walters had a hard-line law enforcement answer to every question about drug policy, at the expense of the balanced approach that we need to succeed in the struggle against drug abuse. I still hold those fears, but I hope that Mr. Walters exceeds my expectations in office.  