694, the Artist-Museum Partnership Act, I introduced with Senator Bennett earlier this year. I would like to thank Senator Bennett for his leadership on this issue and also would like to thank Senators Bingaman, Cochran, Daschle, Dodd, Domenici, Jeffords, Johnson, Kennedy, Lieberman, Lincoln, Reid, and Warner for cosponsoring this bill.  This bipartisan legislation will enable our country to keep cherished art works in the United States and preserve them in our public institutions, while erasing an inequity in our Tax Code that currently serves as a disincentive for artists to donate their works to museums and libraries. Our bill would allow artists, writers and composers who donate works to museums and libraries to take a tax deduction equal to the fair market value of the work. This is something that collectors who make similar donations are already able to do.  There is an inequality in the current tax law where artists who donate self-created works are only able to deduct the cost of supplies such as canvas, pen, paper, ink. This is unfair to artists and it hurts museums and libraries, large and small, that are dedicated to preserving works for posterity.  In my State of Vermont, we are incredibly proud of the great works produced by hundreds of local artists who choose to live and work in the Green Mountain State. Displaying their creations in museums and libraries helps develop a sense of pride among Vermonters and strengthens a bond with Vermont, its landscape, its beauty and its cultural heritage. Anyone who has gazed at a painting in a museum or examined an original manuscript or composition, and has gained a greater understanding of both the artist and the subject as a result, knows the tremendous value of these works. I would like to see more of them, not fewer, preserved in Vermont and across the country.  I thank the Chairman and ranking member of the Finance Committee for including this legislation in the managers package. I hope that the provision will be retained by the Conference Committee.  