President, today, the Senate is taking final action on three additional judicial nominations. There are a total of nine judicial nominees who have been voted out of committee and are awaiting final action by the Senate. Today's confirmation of 1 circuit court and 2 district court judges will bring the total number of judges confirmed this year to 21. When the Senate completes its action on the nomination of the remaining 6 district court judges, we will have confirmed 27 judges since July, including 6 to the Courts of Appeals.  I congratulate today's nominees and their families on their nominations, confirmations, and what is soon to be their appointments to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit and the United States District courts for Kentucky and the District of Oklahoma. I also commend each of the Senators who worked with the committee and the majority leader to help bring these nominations forward and to have the Senate act to confirm them.  The nominee to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, Harris Hartz, comes to us with the strong support of both Senator Domenici and Senator Bingaman. He was the first nominee to a Court of Appeals received by the Senate this June. His nomination is an example of the sort of progress we can make on consensus nominees with bipartisan support. The Tenth Circuit is one of many Courts of Appeals with multiple vacancies, and which has had multiple vacancies long before this summer. My recollection is that President Clinton had at least two nominees for vacancies on the Tenth Circuit pending in 1999 and for several months last year, but neither was ever accorded a hearing or a vote before the Judiciary Committee or before the Senate. Had they and other previous nominees been acted upon promptly and favorably in years just past, of course, the circumstances in the Tenth Circuit and many other courts around the country would be different today. During 6\1/2\ years, the Republican majority in the Senate allowed only 46 nominees to be confirmed to the Courts of Appeals and left dozens of vacancies unfilled.  Just as we recently proceeded to confirm the first judge to the Fifth Circuit in 7 years, we are proceeding with Judge Hartz to provide some immediate relief to the Tenth Circuit. When confirmed, Judge Hartz will be the first new member of the Tenth Circuit in the last 6 years--since judges were confirmed to that Court in 1995 from Utah and Colorado.  Over the past 6\1/2\ years the average time it has taken for the Senate to consider and confirm Court of Appeals nominees had risen to almost 350 days. The time it has taken for Judge Hartz's nomination is about half of that, if measured from his initial nomination in June 2001. Of course, that nomination was returned to the White House when the Republican leader objected to keeping judicial nominations pending over the August recess. Accordingly, the nomination on which the Senate acts today was not received until this September. If measured from the time the committee received his ABA peer review to the time of his confirmation today, the process has taken only 112 days. He participated in one of the many October hearings and, having answered the written questions following his hearing, was reported by the committee in November.  The strong bipartisan support he has received from his Senate delegation paved the way for prompt action in one-third to one-half the time it used to take on average to consider Court of Appeals nominees. Both of the district court nominees, Danny Reeves from the Eastern District of Kentucky and Joe Heaton for the Western District of Oklahoma, whom I supported at the committee and am pleased to support today, have moved through the process with the support of Democrats and Republicans relatively quickly.  Since July 2001, when the Senate was allowed to reorganize and the committee membership was set, we have maintained a strong effort to consider judicial and executive nominees. There are a total of nine judicial nominees who have been voted out of committee and are awaiting final action by the Senate. Today's confirmation of one circuit court and two district court judges will bring the total number of judges confirmed to 21. When the Senate completes its action on the nomination of the remaining six district court judges, we will have confirmed 27 judges since July, including six to the Courts of Appeals. That will be almost twice the total number of judges that were confirmed in all of 1989, the first year of the first Bush administration, and will include twice as many judges to the Courts of Appeals as were confirmed in the first year of the Clinton administration. It is also more judges that were confirmed in all of the 1996 session. Thus, despite all the obstacles, we exceeded the number of confirmations of judges during the first year of the first Bush administration by six, the last year of the first Clinton term by four, and we are on pace to confirm as many judges as were confirmed in the first year of the Clinton administration.  Our total of six Court of Appeals confirmations doubles the number of appellate court judges confirmed in the entire first year of the Clinton administration, one more than the number of appellate court judges confirmed in the first full year of the first Bush administration, and six more than were confirmed in the entire 1996 session, the last year of President Clinton's first term.  When I assumed the chairmanship, the number of vacancies on the Federal Bench was over 100 and quickly rose to 111. Since July, we have made significant progress. In spite of the upheavals we have experienced this year with the shifts in chairmanship, the vacancies that have arisen since this summer, and the need to focus our attention on responsible action in the fight against international terrorism, with the confirmation of these 9 nominees we will have reduced the number of vacancies to below 100 for the first time since early this year.  During the time a Republican majority controlled the process over the past 6\1/2\ years, the vacancies rose from 65 to at least 103, an increase of almost 60 percent. We are making strides to improve on that record. The President has yet to send nominations to fill more than half of the current vacancies. This is a particular problem withthe 71 district court vacancies, for which 49--that's 69 percent--do not have nominations pending.  We have been able to reduce vacancies over the last 6 months through hard work and a rapid pace of scheduling hearings. Until I became chairman of the Judiciary Committee, no judicial nominees had been given hearings this year. No judicial nominees had been considered by the Judiciary Committee or been voted upon by the Senate. After almost a month's delay in the reorganization of the Senate in June while Republicans sought leverage to change the way the judicial nominations had traditionally been considered and abruptly abandoned the practices that they had employed for the last 6\1/2\ years, I noticed our first hearing on judicial nominees within 10 minutes of the reorganization resolution being adopted by the Senate.  I have previously noted that during the 6\1/2\ years the Republican majority most recently controlled the confirmation process, in 34 of those months they held no confirmations for any judicial nominees at all, and in 30 other months they conducted only a single confirmation hearing involving judicial nominees. Since the committee was assigned its members in early July 2001, I have held confirmation hearings every months, including two in July, two during the August recess and three hearings during October. Only once during the previous 6\1/2\ years has the committee held as many as three hearings in a single month.  On the other hand, on at least three occasions during the past 6\1/2\ years the committee had gone more then 5 months without holding a single hearing on a pending judicial nominee. We have held more hearings involving judicial nominees since July 11, 2001, than our Republican predecessors held in all of 1996, 1997, 1999, or 2000. In the last 6 months of this extraordinarily challenging year, the committee has held 10 hearings involving judicial nominees. Just this week the committee held our tenth hearing on judicial nominations since I became chairman, when the Senate was allowed to reorganize and this committee was assigned its membership on July 10, 2001. Since September 11, the Judiciary Committee has held six judicial confirmation hearings.  We have held hearings on 33 judicial nominees, including 7 to the Courts of Appeals. Since September 11 we have held hearings on 26 judicial nominees, including 4 to the Courts of Appeals. Within 2 days of the terrible events of September 11, I chaired a confirmation hearing for the 2 judicial nominees who drove to Washington while air travel was still disrupted. Then on October 4, 2001, we held another confirmation hearing for five judicial nominees, which included a nominee from Nebraska who was unable to attend the earlier hearing because of the disruption in air travel.  On October 18, 2001, in spite of the closure of Senate office buildings in the wake of the receipt of a letter containing anthrax spores and in spite of the fact that Senate staff and employees were testing positive for anthrax exposure, the committee proceeded under extraordinary circumstances in the U.S. Capitol to hold a hearing for five more judicial nominees. The building housing the Judiciary Committee hearing room was closed, as were the buildings housing the offices of all the Senators on the committee. Still we persevered.  On October 25, 2001, while the Senate Republicans were shutting down the Senate with a filibuster preventing action on the bill that funds our Nation's foreign policy initiatives and provides funds to help build the international coalition against terrorism, the Judiciary Committee nonetheless proceeded with yet another hearing for four more judicial nominees. On November 7, 2001, we convened another hearing for judicial nominees within 8 extraordinary weeks--weeks not only interrupted by holidays, but by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 11, the receipt of anthrax in the Senate, and the closure of Senate office buildings. The hearing on November 7 was delayed by another unfortunate and unforeseen event when one of the family members of a nominee grew faint and required medical attention. With patience and perseverance, the hearing was completed after attending to those medical needs.  On December 5, 2001, we convened another hearing for another group of five judicial nominees. I thank Senator Durbin for volunteering to chair that hearing for nominees from Alabama, Colorado, Georgia, Nevada, and Texas. We have previously considered and reported other nominees from Alabama, Georgia, and Nevada, as well. We have accomplished more, and at a faster pace, than in years past. Even with the time needed by the FBI to follow up on the allegations that arose regarding Judge Wooten in connection with his confirmation hearing, we have proceeded much more quickly than at any time during the last 6\1/2\ years. Thus, while the average time from nomination to confirmation grew to well over 200 days for the last several years, we have considered nominees much more promptly. Measured from receipt of their ABA peer reviews, we have confirmed the judges this year, including the Court of Appeals nominees, on average in less than 60 days. So, we are working harder than ever on judicial nominations despite the difficulties being faced by the Nation, the Senate, and a number of members on the committee.  We have also completed work on a number of judicial nominations in a more open manner than ever before. For the first time, this committee is making public the ``blue slips'' sent to home State Senators. Until my chairmanship, these matters were treated as confidential materials and restricted from public view. We have moved nominees with little or no delay at all from hearing, on to the committee's business meeting agenda, and then out to the floor, where nominees have received timely rollcall votes and confirmations.  The past practices of extended unexplained anonymous holds on nominees after a hearing have not been evident in the last 6 months of this year as they were in the past. Indeed over the past 6\1/2\ years at least eight judicial nominees who completed a confirmation hearing were never considered by the committee but left without action. Just last year two of the three Court of Appeals nominees reported to the Senate, Bonnie Campbell of Iowa and Allen Snyder of the District of Columbia, were both denied committee consideration from their May hearings until the end of the year. Likewise the extended, unexplained, anonymous holds on the Senate Executive Calendar that characterized so much of the last 6\1/2\ years have not slowed the confirmation process this year.  Majority Leader Daschle has moved swiftly on judicial nominees reported to the calendar. And once those judicial nominees have been afforded a timely rollcall vote, the record shows that the only vote against any of President Bush's nominees to the Federal courts to date was cast by the Republican leader.  In addition to our work on judicial nominations, during the recent period since September 11, the committee also devoted significant attention and effort to expedited consideration of antiterrorism legislation. Far from taking a ``time out'' as some have suggested, the Judiciary Committee has been in overdrive since July and we have redoubled our efforts after September 11, 2001. With respect to law enforcement, I have noted that the administration was quite slow in making U.S. attorney nominations, although it had called for the resignations of U.S. attorneys early in the year.  Since we began receiving nominations just before the August recess, we have been able to report, and the Senate has confirmed, 57 of these nominations. We have only a few more U.S. attorney nominations received in November, and await approximately 30 nominations from the administration. These are the President's nominees based on the standards that he and the Attorney General have devised.  I note, again, that it is most unfortunate that we still have not received even a single nomination for any of the U.S. marshal positions. U.S. marshals are often the top Federal law enforcement officer in their district. They are an important front-line component in homeland security efforts across the country. We are near the end of the legislative year without a single nomination for these 94 critical law enforcement positions. It will likely be impossible to confirm any U.S. marshals this year having not received any nominations in the first 11 months of the year.  In the wake of the terrorist attacks on September 11, some of us have been seeking to join together in a bipartisan effort in the best interests of the country. For those on the committee who have helped in those efforts and assisted in the hard work to review and consider the scores of nominations we have reported this year, I thank them. As the facts establish and as our actions today and all year demonstrate, we are moving ahead to fill judicial vacancies with nominees who have strong bipartisan support. These include a number of very conservative nominees.  I am proud of the work the committee has done on nominations, and I am proud that by the end of the day we will have confirmed 21 judges. I hope that by the end of this session that total will rise to about 30 as the committee continues its work on the nominations heard this week and the Senate confirms the additional 6 nominees who were voted out of committee last week.  