President, I know we are waiting for other Members to come to the floor. It is interesting. I have listened to the outpouring of grief following the tragic events in Southern California, the shooting in the high school. As a parent, I obviously look at that and can only begin to imagine the terror that was in the hearts of the parents of all the children there--not knowing from the initial reports whether their child was alive or injured. And then, of course, it had to be the worst grief any parent could feel to find out their children had been killed.  I could not help but think of my own son, who teaches high school in that area. But one has to think of anybody, whether they know them, are related to them or not, in such a case because the whole country is involved. It is almost a John Donne reference in this case, and I think of this body having intense debate a couple of years ago after the tragedy at Columbine. It was actually one of our better debates. We discussed--both Republicans and Democrats--the fact that there are a number of different causes--no one magic thing, no one cause that sends a young person out to do such a terrible, almost inexplicable deed; and in each of these instances when they have happened, and in those instances where the police have caught somebody prior to it happening, there is not a common denominator.  If there was some matrix that you could apply to each one of these, it would be, I suppose, easy enough to stop them. But there isn't. It is not just a question of stricter laws, not just a question of more teachers, not just a question of more security; it is not just a question of gun laws. But there are parts of each of those. What was so good about the debate on the juvenile justice bill, which became the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill, is that we referred to each aspect and we debated and voted on everything from counseling for juveniles to stricter laws on juveniles, closing the gun show loophole, providing tools for teachers and communities. We passed the bill by overwhelming margin. It got 73 votes. I think we can all feel that we had done something for the country.  But the bill never came back. It was never voted on again. It went into a conference committee and never came out. There was never a vote there. Yet I wonder, if you are a parent, and you see a child killed, and you think that at least some things could be done to stop this from happening somewhere else, if you would not think that would be a top priority. We obviously thought it was at a time when this Senate was probably embroiled in the most partisan divisions that I have seen in 25 years. You would think that it would because we had 73 votes. This was a case where Democrats, Republicans, liberals, and conservatives, came together and we passed this bill.  But then a decision was made somewhere, and it never came back. It was never voted on again and was never signed into law because the Congress decided never to act on it again. It was a hollow promise to the parents and the teachers and the children of America. We lost any sense of urgency on this bill that got 73 votes.  But we passed the bankruptcy law--a flawed bankruptcy law, in my view--last year. That got 70 votes, less votes than juvenile justice and, by God, we have to bring it right back up here again--not because the owners of the credit card companies are being shot at or their children are being shot at, not because they are all going out of business. In fact, they have record profits and will have greater ones under this bill because the commercial interests have been heard rather than the interests of parents, children, and teachers.  I mention this in passing. I know there are others on the floor seeking recognition, and I will yield in a moment.  If the Senate is to be the conscience of this Nation, don't we have to sometimes ask ourselves what are our priorities? How can any parent, how can any Senator, how can any American, with the carnage in our schools or on our streets, look at some of the terrible things happening with our youth and ask, Why are we in such a hurry to pass a piece of commercial special interest legislation and we cannot bring ourselves to take the final step across the finish line on the juvenile justice bill?  I cannot accept that, and, frankly, it is not that sense of priority that brought me from my State of Vermont to serve in the Senate.  I yield the floor.  