I thank the Senator from Minnesota for his customary courtesy.  I suggest that we make a few comments, and I will certainly support whatever moves to yield back whatever time we may have so that we can vote at 12. The Senator from Minnesota is absolutely right, Senators are expecting this noon vote.  After today's vote on the motion to proceed, I am going to send an amendment to the desk for myself, the distinguished Senator from Utah, Mr. Hatch, and the Senator from Iowa, Mr. Grassley, and ask for its immediate consideration. So that Senators will know, this amendment will be the text of S. 420, the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 2001, as it passed the Senate on March 15 by a vote of 83-15. I was one of the 83, as were Senators Hatch and Grassley. I voted for the Senate form because it marked a bipartisan effort on the Senate Judiciary Committee and Members on the floor. We worked in the committee and then in the Chamber to produce a more fair and balanced bill because of our bipartisan amendment process.  During our consideration of the Bankruptcy Reform Act, Democratic and Republican Senators authored and passed 38 amendments between the Judiciary Committee and the Senate floor. That improved the bill. I will certainly be able to vote for it on the floor. I will be able to vote for that in conference.  We adopted the Leahy-Hatch amendment to protect the personal privacy of consumers whose information is held by firms in bankruptcy. Our amendment permits bankruptcy courts to honor the privacy policies of business debtors and creates a consumer privacy ombudsman to protect personal privacy in bankruptcy proceedings--the first ever in Federal law.  Unfortunately, we had to do this. The reason the Leahy-Hatch amendment is needed is that the customer lists and databases of failed firms can now be put up for sale in bankruptcy without any privacy considerations. Just so people who don't spend much time on the Internet will understand what I am talking about, many times you go into a Web site and they will have a very clear privacy policy where they say: We will never share your name, disclose your address or your information. They may well mean it. For example, you may have a case where you want your children to be able to go on, but under the clear privacy--they may be children's books or anything else. They are willing to have your children go there, and you rely on the privacy line that says, ``Under no circumstances will we reveal these names.''  But then if the Web site goes into bankruptcy, the bankruptcy court is faced with this kind of a situation. They look at the failed company, and they say they have a few outdated computers, they have a couple scuffed-up desks, a building. They do have one thing that may be worth something, one asset, and that is the list of all the people who have gone there--the names of your children and everybody else who may be on there. The bankruptcy court is put in this kind of a Hobson's choice. They are sworn to have to seek the best return on whatever assets remain for the creditors. Yet the people who created the assets, those who visit the Web site, are promised nobody is ever going to disclose their names. So this will at least ameliorate, or go a long way toward solving, the problems there.  We adopted the Schumer amendment to prevent the discharge of debts from violence against reproductive health service clinics.  During our hearing on bankruptcy reform legislation, Maria Vullo, a top-rated attorney, testified about the need to amend the bankruptcy code to stop wasteful litigation and end abusive bankruptcy filings used to avoid the legal consequences of violence, vandalism, and harassment to deny access to legal health services.  If somebody is going to break the law and use violence against health clinics, and somebody then brings a suit against them to recover for damages because of their violence, they should not be able to say: I am going to get away with this and go into bankruptcy court. They should not be shielded by bankruptcy.  We adopted the amendment of the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin, Mr. Kohl, to cap homestead exemptions at $125,000, to limit wealthy debtors from abusing State laws to hide million-dollar mansions from their creditors. If somebody knows they are going to declare bankruptcy, they can take whatever cash on hand and in certain States buy a multimillion-dollar mansion knowing they might be protected. Senator Kohl has been a champion of closing this loophole for the rich.  At our hearing in the committee, Brady Williamson, the former chair of the National Bankruptcy Reform Commission, testified that ending homestead abuse was a key and consensus recommendation from the Bankruptcy Reform Commission. They all joined on that.  Last month, the Florida Supreme Court issued a ruling that underscores the need for a national homestead cap to prevent bankruptcy abuses. The highest court in Florida ruled a debtor can still keep the full value of his home even if the homestead is acquired with the specific intent to hinder, delay, or defraud creditors. That should not be the rule.  We adopted several amendments by Senator Feingold to strengthen chapter 12 to help family farmers with the difficulties they face. I hope we can finally make chapter 12 a permanent part of the bankruptcy code. Family farmers and ranchers deserve these protections to help prevent foreclosures and forced auctions.  I know Senator Grassley and Senator Carnahan, the distinguished Presiding Officer, and other Senators on a bipartisan basis strongly support permanent bankruptcy protection for family farmers, and I am proud to join Senator Grassley and Senator Carnahan in that support.  The complex and competing interests involved in achieving fair and balanced reforms of our bankruptcy system demand we work in a bipartisan manner throughout the legislative process.  I look forward to working with Senators and Representatives on both sides of the aisle to further improve this legislation in conference.  Madam President, I see the distinguished Senator from Iowa is here. I ask unanimous consent that at noon, all time, held by whomever, be deemed to have been yielded back, and we will be prepared then to vote.  