President, today we introduce the George McGovern-Robert Dole International Food for Education and Child Nutrition Act of 2001.  This is a momentous day for needy children around the world. And it is America's opportunity to embark on a bold venture that can have unexpected benefits, and advance world peace and understanding.  The name of our legislation honors two great leaders, and two great friends, Ambassador George McGovern and Senator Bob Dole. It was a privilege for me to serve on the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee with both of them for many years. I have known both of them for years and they know that each hungry child is an empty promise.  Nutrition is the key not only to health but to education and economic progress in many developing societies. This initiative taps America's agricultural bounty to become a catalyst for real and lasting change in many struggling nations. This bill can literally change the world.  I am thrilled that Chairman Tom Harkin will join with ranking member Dick Lugar and me on this Senate bill. It would be hard to find, in the last 13 years, a nutrition or agriculture bill sponsored by Senator Lugar, Senator Harkin and me--that is not now the law of the land.  We are pleased to have Senator DeWine with us in this effort. I work with him on the Judiciary Committee and I know he is a strong fighter for children. Senators Kohl, Dorgan, Dashle, Kennedy, Durbin, Conrad, Johnson, Landrieu, and Dayton are also on the bill. Each, in their own right, are leaders in protecting children.  This bill will make private voluntary organizations and the World Food Program full partners with USDA in implementing this bold education and child nutrition vision. I want to make clear that the bill unambiguously provides that PVOs are full partners with USDA, just as the WFP will be.  Ambassador George McGovern has said about this effort that, ``Dollar for dollar it is the best investment we can make in creating a healthier, better educated and more effective global citizenry.'' He spoke of how the program would be of ``enormous benefit'' to the education of girls, since in Third World countries parents will also send girls to school if meals are offered.  I want to point out that one Catholic Relief Services project offering meals and education in Ghana has seen the ``number of girls enrolled in school jump by 88 percent, and their attendance rose by 50 percent.'' In Pakistan, the World Food Program offered cooking oil to families if they sent their children, especially girls, to school. The parents' response was overwhelming and the ``enrollment of girls has doubled.'' In similar projects in Niger ``girls' attendance rose by 75 percent, and by 100 percent in Morocco.''  This is clearly a great idea for children who otherwise may have no hope, and no future.  Most beginnings rarely seem momentous at the time, and then, looking back, every detail is studied by students and scholars and meaning is attached to every step. I want to chronicle some aspects of this beginning when memories are fresh.  I will again mention my good friend Ambassador George McGovern. First, I appreciate that President George W. Bush decided to keep George McGovern on as Ambassador to the U.N. food agencies in Rome, Italy. This demonstrated a keen bipartisan spirit, and the best choice for the job.  Last year, George McGovern authored a paper setting forth a bold vision for a multinational effort to provide meals to children in school settings. He is an expert having worked on school lunch issues during his eighteen years on the Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee, as a Director of the Food for Peace program, and now as U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. food agencies.  He further explained this bold vision at Senate Agriculture Committee hearing on July 27, 2000. What a pleasure it was for me to listen to both Ambassador McGovern and Former Majority Leader Bob Dole at this hearing presided over by my friend and colleague, then Chairman Dick Lugar. The hearing featured two giants in the history of nutrition programs adding another chapter to their legacies, under the watchful eye of a very decent, intelligent, and understanding Senator, Senator Lugar, who cares about the state of the world.  At the hearing, George McGovern said that ``if we could achieve the goal of reaching 300 million hungry children with one good meal every day, that would transform life on this planet.'' He pointed out another significant benefit in that `'it would raise the income of American farmers and those in other countries that have farm surpluses.''  Senator Dole, another giant in the history of nutrition programs, supported this vision and commended the Clinton administration for launching a $300 million school feeding pilot program to feed hungry children throughout the world. He said, ``I can think of no better solution to the problem [of agricultural surpluses] than to support a program that will help our farmers while putting food in the stomachs of desperately hungry and malnourished children.''  This brings me to another leading player in this bipartisan effort, former President William Clinton. He elevated these issues by raising the idea at the G8 meeting in Okinawa, Japan, in July, 2000. He urged the eight industrialized democracies at the start of the new millennium to contribute some of their wealth, natural resources and goodness to help the next generation of the world. The President announced this $300 million Global Food for Education Initiative to feed hungry children and pledged to work with other nations to seek support and contributions from them. This gave the McGovern-Dole proposal new force and captured the interest and attention of other nations. The President's staff, including Tom Friendman and chief of staff John Podesta, worked diligently to get this program off the ground and dedicated career staff at USDA, including Richard Fritz and Mary Chambliss, worked long hours to launch the President's initiative.  At that same hearing, then Secretary Dan Glickman noted that worldwide 120 million children are not enrolled in school and that tens of millions drop out before achieving basic literacy. He explained how a global school meals program would reduce the incidence of child labor and have the potential to raise academic performance and increase literacy rates. He noted what a draw school meals can be, when a school feeding program in the Dominican Republic was temporarily suspended, 25 percent of the children dropped out of school.  Another tremendous force in the history of this initiative is Catherine Bertini, the Executive Director of the World Food Program. I have known Cathy since I first met her when she was being confirmed as Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for Food and Consumer Service over a decade ago, under President George Bush.  She was an outstanding and creative leader in that job and I was happy to support her for the World Food Program position. I treasure memories of a detailed briefing she gave my wife, Marcelle, and me at her apartment inRome, Italy. Her concern for hungry children, her command of the facts and her extreme competence and management abilities have made her a truly outstanding director.  In an interesting coincidence, my chief advisor and legal counsel on nutrition policies since 1987, Ed Barron, has been a friend of Cathy's since high school. He went to school in Homer, NY, and Cathy attended neighboring Cortland High School.  Cathy explained that in one original idea the WFP offered ``take home'' food to a family for every month that a girl attended school regularly. Cathy noted that `'the results have been dramatic'' as school attendance greatly increased. Cathy proposed some great principles that, I agree, should be followed. Such an international feeding program should be sustainable, it should be mostly school-based, and it should be targeted to the most needy. Of course, we need to employ a loose definition of school, since a teacher can teach and school children can learn in practically any setting.  In addition, she noted that the United States should use its special knowledge and experience to help other countries develop these programs. USDA and US AID experts should make periodic visits to work with national personnel and PVOs and others to build capacity and sustainable projects.  Joseph Scalise who represents the World Food Program here in Washington, D.C. has done a wonderful job keeping me and my staff informed of developments regarding WFP efforts and views.  Another major force in international feeding efforts is Ellen Levinson. As Executive Director of the Coalition for Food Aid, she has done a very effective job representing many private voluntary organizations who provide food and other assistance throughout the world. She is a strong advocate for an integrated approach for physical and cognitive child development, with a focus on much more than just a meal or food ration. In addition to food assistance, Ellen wants the initiative to provide quality education and development.  Another leader in the area has been my good friend Marshall Matz. He has been a vigorous advocate and friendly adviser in this effort.  I also want to mention Elizabeth Darrow of my staff who has played a major role in helping organize this effort and making sure we kept it on track.  This bill has been greatly advanced by staff of Senators Harkin and Luger. Chief of Staff Mark Halverson and chief economist Stephanie Mercier attended many meetings and helped craft a fine bill. The Republican Chief of Staff for the Committee, Keith Luse, and his staff including Chris Salisbury, Dave Johnson and Michael Knipe, provided extremely useful guidance and advice about how best to structure this program and help ensure that the benefits get delivered to needy children. This was truly a team effort.  As always, the outstanding drafting skills of Gary Endicott of Senate Legislative Counsel are much appreciated. I have many times recognized his tremendous service to the Senate.  Congressman Jim McGovern and Congresswoman Jo Ann Emerson, along with Congressman Tony Hall and others, recognized the bold potential of this effort right from the start. Many staff working for the other body provided a great deal of assistance, but Cindy Buhl needs to be especially recognized for her long hours of work, and dedication to the project. Cindy, and her boss Jim McGovern, took command of this effort and deserve a lot of credit.  This bipartisan, bicameral effort, now looks to the new Administration for assistance. I, and all my colleagues, are eager to work with the Bush White House and Secretary Veneman to make this international education and child nutrition initiative a success. It may be imperative to have the President extend the current pilot program for one more year to insure continuity of service, and to provide an opportunity to work out all the kinks in a new project. The President could provide additional funding out of the Commodity Credit Corporation to help us bridge the gap.  I also want to thank the GAO team that is working on analyzing the current effort. The GAO is helping to provide valuable advice on how to improve this effort.  I want to briefly mention some thoughts from Ambassador McGovern's book, ``The Third Freedom.'' He begins with: ``Hunger is a political condition. The earth has enough knowledge and resources to eradicate this ancient scourge.''  I completely agree--and because addressing hunger is a moral imperative, the U.S. should lead the way. I am very hopeful that many nations who we have helped in the past--including economic gains in Europe who benefited from our Marshall Plan after WWII--will follow our lead and offer food, technical assistance and financial aid.  I look forward to working with my colleagues on this legislative and moral effort.  