President, first, I thank the Senator from West Virginia. Last week, when it seemed as if everybody, except the Senator from West Virginia, the Senator from South Dakota, the Senator from Mississippi, and the Senator from Alaska were bailing out of this place, the Senator from West Virginia was very kind to let me use his office for a hearing. I say this for the benefit of the Senator from Alaska, who is present, that we can find space for these things. We had, I believe, five judges for whom we held hearings. While everybody else was leaving, the Senator from West Virginia made his office available so we could hold those hearings.  I do want to thank the one Republican who came for part of those hearings to help us out with the hearings. Of course, I thank the distinguished Senators from New York and Massachusetts and others on the Democratic side who stayed during the hearings.  As the Senator from West Virginia knows--and he knows these appropriations bills better than anybody else, but for those who might not know--this foreign operations bill has, of course, $5 million for our Middle East Camp David partners: Israel, Egypt, and Jordan. It also has one item that people may not be aware of: $175 million to strengthen surveillance and response to outbreaks of infectious diseases overseas, a very interesting part because the Ebola plague or anything else is only an airplane flight away from our shores, and we have this money to alert us about anything that is coming from overseas, including anthrax and other matters that might be an airplane ride or a postage stamp away from our shores. We have $175 million that we put in before these attacks, but we cannot get it to the President for signature.  We also have $327 million for antiterrorism efforts helping other nations strengthen the security of their borders and their nuclear and biological and chemical weapons programs. I know the President has been telling these other nations we will get the money to them, but it is stuck in this bill. And the $450 million for steps to combat HIV and AIDS--each day this bill is being held up, another 17,000 people are infected with AIDS.  We have $3.9 billion in military assistance included for a number of those countries in eastern Europe and central Asia that we are asking to help us in overflight and refueling. We have a whole lot of money saying the check is in the mail but, of course, we cannot send it. We have a billion dollars in refugee and disaster aid to deal with the humanitarian crisis around the world from Afghanistan to Sudan, also money the President wants to use but we cannot move forward with it.  We have hundreds of millions of dollars to reduce poverty and disease in countries where the Osama bin Ladens of the world tried to foment resentment against the United States. We have money to help those countries but, of course, it is held up.  I mention that not because the Senator from West Virginia does not know. I daresay there is nobody in the administration, the Congress, or anywhere else who knows every jot and tittle of these bills the way the Senator from West Virginia does, but I thought I would let some of the other Members know and the White House know all the various things the President has promised and we are holding up by not going forward with this bill.  I thank the distinguished Senator from West Virginia for his help because he has been like the granite quarries of Vermont. He stands rock solid, as he always has.  