President, today is one of the days I have had kind of a bittersweet experience. For me, the bittersweet experience was going to the funeral of the former distinguished majority leader of the Senate for 16 years, Mike Mansfield; bitter because you never want to see such a person and such a giant's life come to an end; sweet though because he had 98 very fulfilling years.  At the end of those 98 years, we listened to the tales from his family, associates, and others who reminded all of us what a great man he was. The irony is that Senator Mansfield would not have let any one of us talk on at such length and be so praiseworthy about him here on the floor. He was very modest. But I thought of the wonderful moments that could remind each other--those of us who had the privilege of serving with Senator Mansfield and those of us who came later--of what a great man he was.  I first met Mike Mansfield when I was Senator-elect. I came in here as a 34-year-old prosecutor. The terms actually overlapped. I came into this building I used to visit as a law student. But now I carried this mantle of U.S. Senator, and I was probably far more nervous than I once was as a law student.  Senator Mansfield was one of the first people I got to see. I remember him inviting me into his office. He asked if I wanted some coffee. My nerves were shaky enough at that point, I didn't need it, but I said: Of course. He poured it out and handed it to me. He asked me about my life, and all that. I was trying to ask questions.  I always called him Mr. Leader. But I remember one thing he said was: You are going to be here at least 6 years. You may be here a lot longer. But remember, in the Senate we keep our word. And if you commit to something, if you tell another Senator you are going to do something, then always keep your word, even if it turns out that politically it is not going to be helpful for you because it is the only way we can operate in this body. We do it on trust.  He also said: The other thing is, if you vote on something, and afterward you think you cast the wrong vote, don't worry about it. I guarantee you, the issue will come up again, and you will get to vote the right way.  He was right on both occasions. I have cast votes that afterward I thought: That was kind of a dumb thing to do. I will wait for another time to bring it up. It will come back up, and I can vote the right way.  But I do remember what Senator Mansfield said: Keep your word. You always keep your word.  We had some real giants serving in the Senate at that time. I remember Senator Mansfield, when things would get bogged down in this Chamber, would come through and sort of tap a few people on the shoulder and suggest they come in the back room; and then we would pass a great deal of legislation in that back room, as Senator Mansfield would puff on his pipe, and with very few words he would get warring parties to seek peace and move on with the Nation's business.  He was very nice to my family. He used to give a speech every year to the caucus, saying: There is no seniority. There is no juniority. We are all equal. He gave that speech one day, and Senator Abourezk of South Dakota, who, like me, was one of the most junior Members here, stood up and said: Mr. Leader, I was so impressed with that speech, especially as one of the most junior Members, that there is no seniority, no juniority. Senator Mansfield thanked him for his statement, and Senator Abourezk said: Because of that, could I borrow your limousine and driver tonight? Senator Mansfield took the pipe out of his mouth and, with a quiet smile, said: No.  There were certain limits, but then, when I was a young Senator, he loaned that limousine to my wife Marcelle and me and our three children to go to a movie premier and then to drive elsewhere to meet the cast afterward.  I recall so many times, when I was stuck here late in this Chamber and I could not get home to my family, that my children would remind me, when I came home and apologized: Remember that wonderful evening Senator Mansfield let us take his car and even use the telephone in it.  He would do things like that. He cared very much about those of us who had young children. One, he remembered the names of the children who would come in here with us. Even a few months ago, when I ran into him at an event, we started talking, and he immediately asked: How is Marcelle? He started naming the children. What a remarkable person.  He taught Senators that you have certain responsibilities. There are only 100 of us at any given time to represent the country, but within responsibilities you can have personal relationships across the aisle.  I remember Hugh Scott, traveling with both of them on the plane and them puffing on their pipes. But those personal relationships made the Senate work so well.  I remember the great speech he gave in the Leader's Lecture Series in the Old Senate Chamber. It was the speechhe was going to give on a Friday afternoon on November 22, 1963. As he walked in this Chamber to give it, he was told that President Kennedy had been shot. But he gave it in the Old Senate Chamber, and it was just as new as it would have been then, just as responsive.  He said: We have to lower the level of partisanship. We have to work together--of course, not give up our principles--this is not a unibody of opinion--and have the personal relationships that make it work.  He spoke in many ways. He was from a different era of the Senate, but in many ways a better era, where individual Senators, person to person, would work out problems. I think today, as I have seen so many Senators come together on some of these problems since the terrible events of September 11, Senator Mansfield would be proud of us for doing that.  People sometimes ask me what I consider the greatest thing about being a U.S. Senator. I always say one of the greatest was having Senator Mansfield here as leader when I came to the Senate. I have served wonderful leaders in both parties, but what he did to help all of us, as new Senators--to talk with us, to advise us, to work with us, to make us feel we belonged; and then to ask us to make sure others felt they belonged--was unique. The country was better for his service in the Senate.  I think life has shown that each one of us, whether we are leader or not, has the privilege of being 1 of the 100 people in this Chamber who serve our Nation of a quarter of a billion people. And we owe great responsibilities to each other and to the country. That is a great legacy.  So I say it was bittersweet to be there. But it was wonderful to celebrate such a full, full life, a life that so few people ever equal. So I bid adieu to a dear friend.  I yield the floor.  