Bankruptcy records, for example, contain all kinds of highly sensitive personal and financial information, including social security, bank and credit card account numbers; medical history; and child support and alimony information. This information may pertain to the debtor but also to many other people who are creditors or simply associated or employed by the debtor. These records have traditionally been available to the public for perusal by individuals who went to the court house, requested the records, and physically reviewed the hard copies. This was an open process, but it was cumbersome. The inefficiency of obtaining data provided its own protective shield. For the most part, only those with a legitimate interest in bankruptcy court data took the trouble to collect it.  As courts increasingly go online, however, personal information such as that contained in court filings may be posted on the Internet available for some legitimate uses but also vulnerable to misuse or objectionable re-use. In some cases, personal information of parties with only limited interest in a bankruptcy case can be widely distributed and posted online. Last August, for example, employees of an Internet retailer were shocked to learn that their salaries, bonuses, stock-option information, and home addresses were posted on the Web. Their employer, Living.com, had filed for bankruptcy and submitted all corporate financial data to the courts. Then, at the request of the company's creditors, the trustee in the case posted this highly personal data, information about employees, not about debtors, on the Web. In an unusual twist, the home addresses of 1,000 of Living.com's creditors were also posted on the Internet. The Living.com case demonstrates the risks of automatic electronic disclosure of data, threats that can befall not just debtors, but employees and even creditors.  Federal agencies could also do a better job of protecting the privacy of those who do business with or seek help or information from the government. A recent GAO study reports that while most major federal agency sites post privacy notices, many do not do so on pages that collect personal information and few satisfy the principles of notice, choice, security and access that the Federal Trade Commission believe should be met by commercial sites. Moreover, the Privacy Act has not been seriously examined or updated for over twenty years. It is not doing the job it was originally intended to do of protecting the privacy of personal information provided to and held by the government. I look forward to working with the Chairman on addressing these and other important privacy issues in this Congress.  