President, February is Black History Month. For the last several years I have worked with other Senators and the Administration to help make history by breaking down the remaining vestiges of barriers to African-Americans and other minorities and women on the Federal courts around the country. We have had a number of successes in that regard over the last few years. I recall, in particular, the confirmations of Judge Sonia Sotomayor to the Second Circuit, Judge Julio Fuentes to the Third Circuit, Judge Eric Clay to the Sixth Circuit, Judge Ann Williams to the Seventh Circuit, Judges Richard Paez, Marsha Berzon, Johnnie Rawlinson, Kim Wardlaw and Margaret McKeown to the Ninth Circuit, Judge Charles Wilson to the Eleventh Circuit and a number of others.  Many took too long. Many were delayed by anonymous holds. Many other outstanding nominees were never accorded a hearing, a Committee vote or a vote by the United States Senate. One of my greatest regrets during my service in the Senate was the Republican caucus vote against Judge Ronnie White in 1999. I was glad to be able to provide him with the opportunity to testify and correct the record and clear his reputation and good name in the course of confirmation hearings on the Attorney General nomination in January.  As important as it is to remember our history, it is also important to make progress and add to that history. We continue to have the opportunity to do that here in the United States Senate. On January 3, 2001, President Clinton renominated Roger Gregory to serve on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Even though the Fourth Circuit, covering Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia, contains the largest African-American population of any circuit in this country, it had never had an African-American appellate judge.  Last December, during an extended congressional recess, the President exercised his constitutional power to make recess appointments and appointed Roger Gregory to the Fourth Circuit.  In early January, when the Senate convened to begin this new season, the President resubmitted Judge Gregory's nomination to us.  In the ensuing weeks, the new President has seen fit to leave that nomination before the Senate for our consideration and action. Both Senator Warner and Senator Allen support this nomination. Last year Senator Robb also strongly supported it.  Senator Warner, Senator Allen, Senator Robb and Senator Edwards and others have all spoken in the last several months in support of the confirmation of Roger Gregory. Now it is time for the Senate to step up to the challenge and act on Judge Gregory's nomination to a full, lifetime appointment to that important judicial position.  Mr. Gregory was not the first African-American nominated to the Fourth Circuit. President Clinton nominated four qualified African-Americans to the Fourth Circuit: Judge James Beatty, of North Carolina was nominated in December 1995, and re-nominated in January 1997; Judge James Wynn, of North Carolina, was nominated in August 1999; Roger Gregory was nominated in June 2000; and Judge Andre Davis was nominated in October 2000. None of these exceptional candidates ever received a Judiciary Committee hearing, let alone a vote on the Senate floor.  Senator Allen, in one of his first speeches on the Senate floor, came here to talk about Roger Gregory's qualifications, and the importance of acting in a bipartisan way to confirm him. Here is what Senator Allen said:       [I]t is my belief that in Roger Gregory, the Fourth      Circuit--and, indeed, America--has a well-respected and      honorable jurist who will administer justice with integrity      and dignity. He will, in my judgment, decide cases based upon      and in adherence to duly adopted laws and the Constitution. I      respectfully urge my colleagues and the administration to      join me in supporting Judge Gregory.  Senator John Warner joined the discussion, rising to say that he agreed with what Senator Allen had said on the need to confirm Roger Gregory. As reflected in letters that Senator Warner shared with the Senate, he and Senator Allen have written to Senator Hatch and to President Bush urging that Judge Gregory receive a hearing and be confirmed. I commend them for their commitment to this nomination.  Roger Gregory was an outstanding lawyer, and he will be an exceptionally good judge on the Fourth Circuit. From Richmond, Virginia, Judge Gregory was the first in his family to finish high school. After college and law school, he returned to be a professor at a school where his mother had worked as a maid. He entered private practice, and later founded his own, highly-respected law firm in Richmond, where he handled a wide variety of complex litigation matters in State and Federal court for individual and corporate clients. Roger Gregory built a reputation as a seasoned litigator and widely respected member of his community.  Judge Gregory's recess appointment as the first African-American judge on the Fourth Circuit also places him firmly in a tradition of using such appointments to bring diversity to the federal bench. Four of the five first African-American appellate judges were recess appointed to their first positions as Federal judges. That includes the appointment of William Henry Hastie as the first African-American on the Federal bench by President Harry Truman in 1949. Not long after that appointment, a little over 51 years ago, the Senate confirmed Judge Hastie, showing itself to be, as I have said many times, the conscience of the Nation.  The roster of trailblazing African-American recess-appointees also includes President John Kennedy's 1961 appointment of Thurgood Marshall to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals; Spottswood Robinson to the D.C. Circuit; and President Lyndon Johnson's 1964 appointment of Leon Higginbotham to the Third Circuit. Other well-known and well-respected judges to be appointed during a recess are: Judge David Bazelon to the D.C. Circuit; Judge Augustus N. Hand to the Second Circuit; Judge Griffin Bell of the Fifth Circuit; and Supreme Court Justices William Brennan and Earl Warren.  Today, during the month of February, Black History Month, I come to the Senate floor to call on my colleagues to once again shine as the conscience of the nation, and move quickly toward making Roger Gregory's lifetime appointment to the Fourth Circuit. He is eminently qualified to sit on the court, he has received praise for his integrity and legal talent, and he has been strongly endorsed by both of his home state Senators.  Roger Gregory should be given a hearing before the Judiciary Committee without further delay. In deference to the position that President Bush took during the campaign, the Senate should act on this nomination in the next couple of weeks. The excuse from last year, that his nomination in June came too late in the year for Senate action, is inapplicable now. Let his be the first judicial nomination tocome before the Committee and the Senate this year. His papers have long since been submitted to the Committee--we have had them in hand for eight months now. There can be no reason not to commit today, during this month when we honor the achievements and contributions of African-Americans, to move Roger Gregory swiftly to a hearing, through the Committee and then on to the Senate floor for a full Senate vote.  After all of the delays meted out to the previous African-American nominees to the Fourth Circuit, the Senate has another chance to make history. As history has been made in so many other occasions for African-American judges, let us not squander this opportunity to make Roger Gregory the first African-American to be confirmed by the United States Senate to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals.  