President, I rise today to lend my support to the spirit and intentions of the Biden amendment. The National Guard suffers from a serious shortage of helicopters, and it is critical that the Senate do more to address this threat to the readiness of the citizen-soldier force.  The National Guard needs at least an additional 200 helicopters. This is not a number pulled out of thin air. It is the minimum number of aircraft needed to carry out the Army Aviation Modernization Plan, which was developed by the office of the Chief of Staff of the Army. It is the road map for the entire Army's helicopter inventory for the next 50 years. The plan will streamline the Army's aviation regiments. It reduces the overall number of helicopters in the Army's inventory, including the National Guard, while increasing capabilities through technological advances. Specifically, the service will retire 700 Vietnam-era UH-1 Hueys, in exchange for 330 advanced UH-60L Blackhawks.  In streamlining and modernizing this force, the plan reaffirms the critical role of our citizen-soldiers in our Nation's defense. It recognizes that the National Guard is doing more than ever to defend the Nation, whether at home or abroad. Indeed, every Member of the U.S. Senate will can tell you what a difference advanced helicopters have made in a flood or medical emergency, while every field commander will similarly point out the critically important role of National Guard aviation assets in a combat environment.  But the plan also has a much more practical bent. It seeks to avoid a looming crisis in National Guard aviation. The Guard's current inventory of UH-1 Blackhawk and AH-1 Cobra helicopters is old, expensive, and increasingly unsafe to operate. Units that possess upwards of 15 aging Huey and Cobra helicopters, may have only 2 to 6 aircraft actually flying. By legislative mandate, the National Guard must remove all of these obsolete aircraft from the flight-line by 2004. Even when these units take full advantage of additional Kiowa helicopters, they will be hard-pressed to maintain qualified pilots and an acceptable state of readiness when newer aircraft do not arrive to replace them.  Given the Army's sensible plans and the looming dangers to National Guard aviation readiness, I have been surprised and disappointed by the Army's reluctance to buy more UH-1's. For the past several fiscal years, the Army has requested only 10 helicopters a year. In this fiscal year, the service has asked for a 12. It will take well over 20 years to complete the plan at that pace.  I am especially disappointed by this meager request because the National Guard Caucus, including members with helicopter units in their States, have expressed its concern to the Army several occasions. At every one of these briefings, meetings, and extended discussions Army leaders have admitted that a serious problem exists. Yet, when the budget request moved forward, we get this paltry number.  I recognize that fiscal realities limit what Congress can do to rectify this situation on the supplemental. Nonetheless, I urge the Senate to examine this situation closely when it reviews the fiscal year 2002 defense budget. I look forward to working with the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, fellow Guard caucus cochair Senator Bond, and longtime caucus member Senator Biden on this issue. I thank Senator Biden in particular for offering this amendment and bring further attention to this problem.  