I am pleased to vote in favor of the nomination of Asa Hutchinson. As chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I noticed a hearing for Representative Hutchinson only a very few days after the Senate was reorganized. I then held a hearing the following Tuesday, and scheduled a committee vote for the first Thursday that it was possible to do so. We were able to move so quickly because Representative Hutchinson has substantial bipartisan support, and because those of us on both sides of the aisle view our efforts to reduce drug abuse as a matter of great importance.  Mr. Hutchinson was not only recommended by the Bush Administration, and, of course, by his Republican colleagues in the House, but also by 14 of the Democrats whom he serves with on the House Judiciary Committee, who wrote to me in his favor. The ranking member, a Democrat, Representative Conyers from the home State of the Presiding Officer, came and testified in favor of him.  Mr. Hutchinson's background is well-suited to his new position as DEA Administrator. He has been deeply involved in drug issues as both a United States Attorney in Arkansas in the 1980s and as a House member. In addition to serving on the House Judiciary Committee, he is a member of the Committee on Government Reform'sSubcommittee for Criminal Justice, Drug Policy, and Human Resources, has served on the Speaker's Task Force for a Drug Free America, and has reviewed Plan Colombia as a member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.  The Senator from Arkansas mentioned that his brother learned a great deal about the Senate during the number of days he spent on the Senate floor on another matter, the impeachment trial of President Clinton. He and I were on opposite sides on that issue, but we spent a lot of time together during that process, including during the deposition phase of the trial.  I heard a number of people say the Democratic Senators on the Judiciary Committee and this chairman would not approve a House manager from that impeachment trial, or that we might delay him for months and months and months, as was done over the last administration. Nothing could be further from the truth. I had a great deal of respect for him every time I dealt with him. He was absolutely truthful with me. He never broke his word to me, never broke a commitment to me, or vice versa, I might say. It was the way Congress used to be and always should be. Members always kept their word and a commitment with each other and were honest with each other. He was that way with me.  I was grateful for Representative Hutchinson's words at the hearing:       Chairman Leahy, if I might, it would have been easy for you      to yield to some of those who expected a critical view of my      nomination because of previous controversies, which found us      on different sides. But I want to thank you personally for      taking a different approach and for seeing my nomination as      an opportunity to demonstrate to the American people that,      despite any differences that might exist, we can be in      harmony on one of the most critical problems that faces our      nation.  Representative Hutchinson and I have similar views about some of the drug issues facing the United States, and I am sure we will occasionally have differing views about others. But I appreciated the candor with which he answered the questions of committee members at both his hearing and in subsequent written questions. I know that he will take to heart the matters that committee members raised, especially the need to revisit our current use of mandatory minimum sentences for criminal drug offenses. A 1997 study by the RAND Corporation of mandatory minimum drug sentences found that ``mandatory minimums are not justifiable on the basis of cost-effectiveness at reducing cocaine consumption, cocaine expenditures, or drug-related crime.'' Despite this study and the mounting evidence of prison overcrowding we have seen in the ensuing years, legislators continue to propose additional mandatory minimums. I know that Representative Hutchinson has expressed some hesitancy about expanding mandatory minimums, and I hope we can work together on this issue.  I was happy to hear the nominee offer his support in his oral and written testimony for drug treatment and prevention efforts. He and I agree that although law enforcement plays a vital role in stopping drug abuse, law enforcement alone cannot do the job. Both the Congress and the Administration need to do more to reduce demand, and I hope that Mr. Hutchinson will be a partner in that effort.  The nominee has also expressed concerns about the sentencing disparity between those convicted of offenses involving crack and powder cocaine. Current Federal sentencing guidelines treat one gram of crack cocaine and 100 grams of powder cocaine equally for purposes of determining sentences. The U.S. Sentencing Commission has previously recommended equalizing these penalties by reducing the mandatory minimum penalties that currently apply to crack offenses. Unfortunately, Congress has not followed that recommendation. Finding a fair solution to this problem has been stalled by concerns that addressing this issue is too politically perilous--this Congress should overcome those fears and solve this discrepancy.  In conclusion, Asa Hutchinson is an excellent nominee. I am glad that the Judiciary Committee was able to work with him and with the Administration to expedite his nomination, and I look forward to working with him over the coming years.  