We are talking about a situation where we have a program that should be embraced by everybody. The cost to the taxpayers is absolutely nothing, I believe the Senator from Louisiana will agree. The cost to the taxpayers is absolutely nothing.  We are being asked to take huge amounts of tax dollars from various parts of the country, a lot of it from the eastern seaboard, to pay for programs in the Midwest. This is a program that costs taxpayers absolutely nothing. You might wonder why the big processors have spent millions of dollars to try to beat it through lobbying and every other possible effort. One of the reasons is, we see in our part of the world in New England, Suiza Foods is trying to get a stranglehold on prices.  When Suiza started in Puerto Rico, it was down here with three plants. That is the way it started. But then Suiza started moving, and in the year 2000, look at the area they cover with their plants. Now they want to combine with Dean Foods. Here is a company that, if they could get rid of all competition, if they could control the price the dairy farmers get, if they could tell the consumers, you are going to pay this much and, by the way, dairy farmers, because we are the only game in town, we are only going to give you this much, that is competition? They call us a cartel.  What we are saying is, let the consumers and the producers within the region decide what they are willing to pay. It has worked out well for us. We pay less, for example, in New England, where we have the compact. We pay less than they do in Minnesota and Wisconsin, if you go to the grocery store for the milk.  Where is the pressure coming from and why do they want to get rid of this compact? Why do they want to get rid of the dairy farmers having any say over it? So that Suiza and Dean Foods, which are becoming a monopoly and want to control all of it--it is actually a ``Suizopoly,'' I would call it, at this point--can say just how much can be spent, where it can go. In fact, when we checked into this, we found that 90 percent of the cost increase goes to them.  