 The heart of every American aches for those who died or have been injured because of the tragic terrorist attacks in New York, Virginia, and Pennsylvania on September 11th. Our first priority should be ensuring that their needs are met and that they receive adequate compensation.  At the same time, the airline industry of this country is in grave danger of collapse. The industry has announced more than 100,000 layoffs. Insurance companies have reportedly contacted the airlines about lowering the terrorist-related protections in their policies. And they have warned that they are running out of cash. If Congress does not pass this legislation today, it is likely that all of our Nation's air carriers would cease service next Wednesday.  The bipartisan, bicameral legislation we are considering today provides $5 billion in direct grants to cover the cost to the airlines from the closing of all the nation's airports after last week's terrorist attacks. The bill also provides $10 billion in loan guarantees to help the airlines through their cash crunch, funds to be distributed within 14 days by a four-member Air Transportation Stabilization Board. Further, it extends the existing War Act, which protects airlines from liability during wartime for overseas flights, to cover domestic flights and include terrorist acts. Finally, it provides that the liability of the airlines involved in the terrorist-related airline crashes on September 11, 2001, will be limited to the amount of the insurance coverage they have for such instances, and all legal cases stemming from these incidents will be consolidated in the United States District court for the Southern District of New York.  Most importantly, working with Majority Leader Daschle, Republican Leader Lott, Speaker Hastert, Congressman Gephardt, and Senators Hatch, Kohl, DeWine, Schumer, and Clinton, we have established a Victims Compensations Program to provide expedited payments to victims and their families. To be eligible for compensation, applicants will need to provide information about the harm they suffered or death linked to the terrorist attack, but they will not be required to prove negligence or liability. It is our responsibility to provide fair compensation to those most affected by this disaster. We have devised a plan that means prompt filing, quick review, and prompt payments to victims and families.  The Department of Justice will supervise the Victims' Compensation Fund that will be administered by a Special Master. The Special Master will make a final determination of an applicants eligibility and level of compensation within 120 days of receiving a claim. All payments must be paid within 20 days after the determination. This is a simple and fair approach to put the victims and their families first. These payments will be tax free. Filing a claim under the program will preclude other civil remedies.  This program is targeted to help the neediest victims and their families. When making a determination, the Special Master will take into account any life insurance, death benefit, or other government payment received by the victims and their families.  The victims in this tragedy and the airline industry are in need of relief. The terrorists will win if victims continue to suffer and the airlines go under. Establishing the Victim Compensation Fund and giving the airlines the capital they need to continue operating are crucial first steps in our national healing process. I thank the leadership of both parties in both Houses of Congress for their cooperation in moving this essential legislation forward.  Madam President, again, the heart of every American aches for those who have died or have been injured because of the terrorist attacks in New York, Virginia, and Pennsylvania on September 11--and due to the ripple effect out to New Jersey and Connecticut and Maryland and the District of Columbia. It has been terrible. I think we have to ensure that the needs of those who suffered most directly are met, that they receive adequate compensation.  We also know that the airline industry in the country is in danger of collapse. They have announced, I believe, around 100,000 layoffs. Insurance companies reportedly have contacted airlines saying they will lower terrorist-related protections in their policies. They have said they are not going to be able to pay their bills. If we don't do something, we can literally see the terrorists shutting down the airlines next week. We have worked with Senators Daschle and Lott, Speaker Hastert and Congressman Gephardt, Senators Hatch, Kohl, DeWine, Schumer, and Clinton, and we put together a victims' compensation program to provide for victims and their families. It is going to be simple. It is a speeded-up process. In fact, the payments will be tax free, with prompt filing, quick review, and prompt payments to victims of families. We literally had children who kissed their parents good-bye in the morning and came home at night and found that they were orphans, and the mortgage is due in 2 weeks. We have to do something to help them. We can.  The victims in this tragedy are in need of relief. The airline industry is in need of relief.  The terrorists will have even a greater victory if we do not help. We can help.  I yield the floor.  