We confirmed Judge Roger Gregory for a lifetime appointment to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Last year and earlier this year, he was unable even to get a hearing from the Republican majority.  Having gotten that hearing, his nomination was reported favorably to the Senate on a 19 to 0 vote by the committee and the Senate voted to confirm him by a vote of 93 to 1 vote. The supposed controversy some contend surrounded this nomination was either nonexistent or quickly dissipated. In addition we have confirmed the two nominees to the District Court vacancies in Montana in order to help end the crisis in that district that was brought to our attention by Chief Judge Molloy.  Today we report and the Senate is confirming William Riley, nominated to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Mr. Riley was strongly supported by both his home State Senators, one a respected Republican and one a valued Democratic Senator.  In the entire first year of the first Bush Administration, 1989, without all the disruptions, distractions and shifts of Senate majority that we have experienced this year, only five Court of Appeals judges were confirmed all year.  In the first year of the Clinton Administration, 1993, without all the disruptions, distractions and shifts in Senate majority that we have experienced this year, only three Court of Appeals judges were confirmed all year. In 1993, the first Court of Appeals nominee to be confirmed was not until September 30. During recent years under a Republican Senate majority, there were no Court of Appeals nominees confirmed at any time during the entire 1996 session, not one. In 1997, the first Court of Appeals nominee was not confirmed until September 26.  Having confirmed our first Court of Appeals nominee on July 20, the Senate this year is ahead of the pace in 1993, the first year of the Clinton Administration, and ahead of the pace in 1996 and 1997, when the Senate was under Republican control.  A fair assessment of the circumstances of this year would suggest that the confirmation of a single Court of Appeals nominee this early in the year and the confirmation of even a few Court of Appeals judges in this shortened time frame of only a few weeks in session should be commended, not criticized. Today we confirm our second Court of Appeals nominee.  The Judiciary Committee held two hearings on two Court of Appeals nominees in July. In July 1995, the Republican Chairman held one hearing with one Court of Appeals nominee.  In July 1996, the Republican Chairman held one hearing with one Court of Appeals nominee, who was confirmed in 1996. In July 1997, the Republican Chairman held one hearing with one Court of Appeals nominee. In 1998, the Republican Chairman did hold two hearings with two Court of Appeals nominees, but neither of whom was confirmed in 1998. In July 2000, the Republican Chairman did not hold a single hearing with a Court of Appeals nominee.  During the more than 6 years in which the Senate Republican majority scheduled confirmation hearings, there were 34 months with no hearing at all, 30 months with only one hearing and only 12 times in almost six and one-half years did the Judiciary Committeehold as many as two hearings involving judicial nominations in a month. Over the last 6 years only 46 nominees were confirmed by the Republican majority in the Senate to the Courts of Appeals around the country.  This Democratic Senate has confirmed two within the month the Senate has been reorganized before the August recess. So without acknowledging the unprecedented shifts in majority status this year, our productivity compares most favorably with the last 6 years. With the confirmation of William Riley to the Eighth Circuit, we have exceeded the record in five of the last 6 years.  I am considering holding another judicial confirmation hearing in August, during the Senate recess. No such hearing was held during any of the last 6 years. If we proceed, it may be the first time a judicial confirmation hearing was held during the August recess.  I went to the White House for the President's announcement of his first judicial nominations as a demonstration of bipartisanship. I noticed our initial hearing on judicial nominees within 10 minutes of the Senate adoptions of S. Res. 120 reorganizing the Senate just before the July 4 recess. We held two hearings in July. We confirmed two Court of Appeals Judges in July. The facts are that the Democratic majority in the Senate has proceeded fairly.  I have also respectfully suggested that the White House work with Senators to identify and send more District Court nominations to the Senate who are broadly supported and can help us fill judicial vacancies in our federal trial courts. According to the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts, almost two-thirds of the vacancies on the federal bench are in the District Courts, 75 of 108. But fewer than one-third of President Bush's nominees initial 30 nominees have been for District Court vacancies.  The two who were consensus candidates and whose paperwork was complete have had their hearing earlier this month and were confirmed July 20.  I did try to schedule District Court nominees for our hearing last week, but none of the files of the seven District Court nominees pending before the Committee was complete.  Because of President Bush's unfortunate decision to exclude the American Bar Association from his selection process, the ABA was only able to begin its evaluation of candidates' qualifications after the nominations were made public. We are doing the best we can, and we hope to include District Court candidates at our next nominations hearing.  There has been talk that the President will be sending more District Court nominees to the Senate today or tomorrow.  If he does, I hope that they are consensus candidates and that their home state Senators have been involved in the selection process. Unfortunately, they are being received late in this short session and without the peer review that the ABA had traditionally provided at the time of the nomination for more than 50 years. We will do the best we can to proceed with mainstream candidates with broad-ranging support in the limited time available to us before the Senate adjourns this year and given the heavy legislative agenda that we must accomplish.  When some Republican Senators bemoan the current vacancies, they should also acknowledge that many of the current vacancies could have been filled and should have been filled over the last several years. Indeed, if the 65 judicial nominations sent to us over the past few years by President Clinton had been acted upon, we would have scores fewer vacancies.  At the end of the last session of Congress in which there was a Senate Democratic majority, in 1994, there were 63 vacancies on the Federal courts, which included several new judgeships created by statute in 1990 and as yet unfilled. When the Senate returned to a Democratic majority on June 6 of this year, there were 104 vacancies. When the Senate was finally allowed to reorganize and made its Committee assignments on July 10, there were 110 vacancies.  Of the judicial emergency vacancies, almost half would not exist if President Clinton's qualified nominees for those positions had been confirmed by the Republican majority over the last few years. I noted last week that the Republican Senate over the last several years refused to take action on no fewer than a dozen nominees to what are now emergency vacancies on the Courts of Appeals.  I remind my colleagues of their failure to grant a hearing or Committee or Senate consideration to the following: Robert Cindrich to the Third Circuit; Judge James A. Beaty, Jr. and Judge James A. Wynn, Jr. to the Fourth Circuit; Jorge Rangel, Enrique Moreno and H. Alston Johnson to the Fifth Circuit; Judge Helene White, Kathleen McCree-Lewis and Kent Marcus to the Sixth Circuit; Bonnie Campbell to the Eighth Circuit; James Duffy and Barry Goode to the Ninth Circuit.  Those were 12 Court of Appeals nominees to 10 vacancies who could have gone a long way toward reducing the level of judicial emergencies around the country. Our first confirmation this year was of Judge Roger Gregory to a judicial emergency vacancy.  I have yet to hear our Republican critics acknowledge any shortcomings among the practices they employed over the last six years.  When they have done that and we have established a common basis of understanding and comparison, we will have taken a significant step forward. That would help go a long way toward helping me change the tone here in Washington. It would make it easier to work together to get as much accomplished as we possibly can.  