I think his last point is one that bears emphasis--how they might be strengthened. The Senator from Pennsylvania and I have served here longer than most Members of this body. I think it is safe to say that we have seen more bipartisan--virtually nonpartisan--support for the President in the last 2 months than we have for any President, Republican or Democrat, during the times he and I have been privileged to serve together in this body. That can be very helpful for the President.  However, it raises one certain danger. That support in our common goal to fight terrorism and to protect our fellow citizens in this country is good, but if it goes beyond that, and nobody has a question, ultimately the Presidency is hurt, the Senate is hurt, and the country is hurt. I think we have to ask these questions. You have a question of basic rights such as counsel, jury trial, and whatnot. Obviously, there are exceptions. We understand that. But if the exception becomes the rule, then all of us suffer. We have seen this in efforts to go after organized crime and in other efforts. It is easy to push the envelope because we only need it this time.  We have to ask what are the standards, what is the trigger for using this. I have read the Executive order. It is obvious it was thought about a lot. George Terwilliger, a former prosecutor from Vermont and former Deputy Attorney General, is quoted today as saying a lot of these items have been around the Justice Department in both Republican and Democratic administrations--my words, not his--for a long time and are being dusted off. Some were not dusted off in the past because cooler heads prevailed.  I think the American public will, as the Congress has, support the President in a fight against terrorism, but the American public deserves having questions aired and answers given. The Senator from Pennsylvania does a service in raising that. I can assure him there will be a time set. The Attorney General will be requested to come before us prior to the Senate adjourning. There has not been consultation with either the Republican or Democratic leadership in the Congress on each of these issues. I do not know how many other shoes will drop between now and the time of the hearing, but whatever is there, we will ask about them.  I do not want to interrupt the Senator from Pennsylvania any further, but I came to the Chamber simply to thank him for raising what is a very valid point.  