President, the Constitution gives the Senate the power to advise and consent on the President's nominations. This is a responsibility that I take very seriously. While I believe the President is entitled to the benefit of the doubt when selecting the senior members of his team, the Senate is not a rubber stamp, and there are times where a careful review leads one to the conclusion that a nomination must be opposed.  President Bush has made some excellent choices for several of the top foreign policy positions in his administration--from Colin Powell for Secretaryof State to Howard Baker for Ambassador to Japan. But the nomination of Mr. Bolton is not one of those choices. I will oppose the nomination of John Bolton for the position of Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security, because I have serious concerns about Mr. Bolton's experience, his diplomatic temperament, and his record.  Before proceeding further, it should be stated that it is becoming increasingly clear that there is a double standard in the Senate's treatment of President Bush's nominees and those of President Clinton. During the Clinton administration, nominations often languished for months--and in some cases years--before the Senate, without ever coming to the floor for a vote. However, when Democrats object to a Bush administration nomination, Republicans cry foul and accuse Democrats of not playing by the rules.  This double standard is evident with this nomination. President Clinton's choice for Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security was John Holum. After being confirmed by the Senate by voice vote, Mr. Holum served as Director for the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency, ACDA, for 6 years. When ACDA was going to be folded into the State Department, President Clinton made a sound decision to nominate Mr. Holum to be the Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security. Despite his qualifications, a few Republicans blocked John Holum's nomination for nearly 2 years, successfully preventing a vote. This stands in stark contrast to President Bush's selection for the very same position. 