President, I am pleased to join with Senators Hatch, Reid, and Bennett in the introduction of the Patent and Trademark OfficeAuthorization Act of 2002. Senator Hatch and I, as leaders of the Judiciary Committee, have had great success in working together to protect America's innovators and to protect our patent and trademark system.  This bill is another example of our bipartisan effort to strengthen America's future. By joining with Senators Reid and Bennett, this bill will send a strong message to America's innovators and inventors that the Congress intends to protect and enhance our patent system. The PTO serves a critical role in the promotion and development of commercial activity in the United States by granting patents and trademark registrations to our nation's innovators and businesses.  The costs of running the PTO are entirely paid for by fees collected by the PTO form users, individuals and companies that seek to benefit from patent and trademark protections. However, since 1992 Congress has diverted over $800 million of those fees for other government programs unrelated to the PTO.  This bill sends a strong message that Congress should appropriate to the PTO a funding level equal to these fees. The reason for this is simple: the creation of intellectual property by Americans, individuals and businesses, is a massive positive driving force for our economy and is a huge plus for our trade balance with the rest of the world. In recent years, the number of patient applications has risen dramatically, and that trend is expected to continue. Our patent examiners are very overworked, and emerging areas such as biotechnology and business method patents may overwhelm the system.  If fully implemented as intended, this bill can greatly assist the PTO in issuing quality patents more quickly which means more investment, more jobs and greater productivity for American businesses. Similarly, early federal registration of the name, logo, or symbol of a company or product is necessary to protect rights and avoid expensive litigation. Section 2 of the bill thus authorizes Congress to appropriate to the PTO, in fiscal years 2002 through 2007, an amount equal to the fees estimated by the Secretary of Commerce to be collected in each of the next five fiscal years. The Secretary shall make this report to the Congress by February 15 of each such fiscal year.  Section 3 of the bill directs the PTO to develop, in the next three years, an electronic system for the filing and processing of all patent and trademark applications that is user friendly and that will allow the Office to process and maintain electronically the contents and history of all applications. Of the amount appropriated under section 2, section 3 authorizes Congress to appropriate not more than $50 million in fiscal years 2002 and 2003 for the electronic filing system.  Third, the bill requires the PTO to develop a strategic plan to set forth for the methods by which the PTO will enhance patent and trademark quality, reduce pendency, and develop an effective electronic system for the benefit of filers, examiners, and the general public regarding patents and trademarks.  I am pleased that my colleagues in the other body, Congressmen Coble and Berman, have introduced similar legislation. I am very concerned that the Bush Administration budget for FY 2002 planned to divert $207 million in PTO fees to programs outside the PTO. This diversion takes fees paid by inventors and businesses to secure patents or trademarks and uses them to promote unrelated programs. It does this at a time when the number of patent and trademark applications has increased by 50 percent since 1996, and while the ``waiting period,'' or pendency period, has increased 20 percent 1996. Even worse, the PTO estimates that the patent pendency period could increase to 38 months by 2006.  The bill also contains two sections which will clarify two provisions of current law and thus provide certainty and guidance to the PTO and for inventors and businesses.  Section 5 expands the scope of matters that may be raised during the reexamination process to a level which had been the case for many years. Let me explain the background. Congress established the patent reexamination system in 1980 for three purposes: to attempt to settle patent validity questions quickly and less expensively than litigation; to allow courts to rely on PTO expertise; and, third, to reinforce investor confidence in the certainty of patent rights by affording an opportunity to review patents of doubtful validity.  This system of encouraging third parties to pursue reexamination as an efficient method of settling patent disputes is still a good idea. However, by clarifying current law this bill increases the discretion of the PTO and enhances the effectiveness of the reexamination process. It does this by permitting the use of relevant evidence that was considered by the PTO, but not necessarily cited. Thus, adding this sentence to current law, which only allows for reexaminations when ``substantial new questions of patentability exist'', will help prevent the misuse of defective patents, especially those concerning business method patents.  It permits a reexamination based on prior art cited by an applicant that the examiner failed to adequately consider. Thus, this change allows the PTO to correct some examiner errors that it would not otherwise be able to correct.  Section 6 of the bill modestly improves the usefulness of inter partes reexamination procedures by enhancing the ability of third-party requesters to participate in that process by allowing such a third party to appeal an adverse reexamine decision in Federal court or to participate in the appeal brought by the patentee. This may make inter partes reexamination a somewhat more attractive option for challenging a patent in that a third party should feel more comfortable that the courts can be accessed to rectify a mistaken reexamination decision. This section should increase the use of the reexamine system and thus decrease the number of patent matters adjudicated in federal court.  I again want to express my appreciation to the co-sponsors of this bill, Senators Hatch, Reid, and Bennett and look forward to working with other Senators on these matters.  