In fact, in the last 15 or 20 years when I have been either chairman or ranking member of this subcommittee, I don't know if I can think of a more critical time when we needed to quickly pass this bill.  Before we start, though, I think it is appropriate to pay tribute to Ken Ludden, an official at the Treasury Department's Office of the Assistant Secretary for International Affairs, and formerly a congressional staff member, who died suddenly of a heart attack on September 10. Senator McConnell's staff, Senator Stevens' staff and my own staff, knew him well. At an appropriate time, Senator McConnell and I will offer an amendment to name this Foreign Operations Appropriations Act after him in recognition of his years of government service, and in particular for the invaluable assistance he gave to our subcommittee.  Mr. President, in the past, there were times when the foreign operations appropriations bill has been the vehicle for divisive and time-consuming amendments on controversial foreign policy issues. But we are in an unusual time. Our country has suffered a grievous loss. This is a time for unity and for getting our work done quickly. I have amendments, Senator McConnell has amendments, and I am sure other Senators have amendments that would be controversial.  Senator McConnell and I do not plan to offer our controversial amendments. This is not the time. We should work together to get this bill passed as quickly as possible.  Frankly, I was impressed this afternoon, listening to the President speak of his discussions with foreign leaders during the APEC summit in Shanghai. The President forthrightly told us what he said. I am sure he did so there. It was not carefully drawn out diplomatic language, it was the President's own words, and I commend him for it.  I think of the situation today. The President has a limited window of opportunity to do a number of things to help counter this long-term threat. Whether the President serves one ortwo terms, that threat will continue after he is gone. I am afraid it is going to continue long after every one of us is gone, whether one is new in the Senate and just beginning a career, or those who are winding down their careers in the Senate. No matter who one is, we are going to face this threat of terrorism for years to come. For the sake of our children, grandchildren, and generations to come, we have to make sure to do the right thing and take the steps that diminish the threat of terrorism over the long term.  I know the President feels that way. I suspect all 100 Members of the Senate feel that way.  What does this mean? It means that special forces attacks in Afghanistan, brave and effective as they were--and I think they were the right steps to take--are not enough. It goes well beyond the momentary alliances. It will not even end with the capture or the destruction of Osama bin Laden. All of these things are critical. But, there will be others who will rise in the same kind of milieu that created Osama bin Laden, rise in countries that fear us or hate us or cannot believe in the diversity we relish and practice, the democracy we cherish, the same democracy, Mr. President, that you and I and every Senator take a solemn oath to uphold.  There are people in the world who may fear our Constitution. I have often said that the greatest part of our Constitution is probably the same part they fear--the first amendment. It gives us the freedom of speech. We do not all have to say the same thing. We can say what we want in this country. It also allows us to practice whatever religion we want or to choose to practice no religion at all.  There is this wall, this Jeffersonian wall, between us. Think what that has allowed. It has allowed each one of us to hold whatever beliefs we want, free of any interference by the Government. It allows us to say what we want to say, free of interference from our Government. Perhaps, most importantly, it guarantees we are going to have diversity in this country. It means Nebraska will have its unique nature as will Vermont. It means there will be people in Nebraska who think differently than people in Vermont on some issues and think the same on others. It is this wonderful diversity that helps to guarantee a vibrant democracy in this country.  It is that same diversity and that same attitude that holds totalitarianism to be an anathema to our way of life.  It is this tolerance and diversity which frightens some other parts of the world. Unfortunately, we can build the most powerful army on Earth, and we have, the most powerful air force on Earth, and we have, the most powerful navy on Earth, and we have, and as a proud father of a young marine, the most amazing and powerful marine corps in the world. But none of that by itself can protect us. To truly have security, we must also do the things that help do away with ignorance and fear, abhorrence of the United States in parts of the world. And, we must sustain this effort for decades to come.  One good example of this are the programs to help combat the spread of disease in the developing world. Many parts of the world, simply do not possess the health care infrastructure to treat a number of life-threatening conditions that are curable with the proper treatment and care. And as a result far too many do not live beyond the age of 3 or 4.  Think what the United States can do to help eradicate disease, not only help eradicate disease but also to make sure diseases stay away, by putting in place the infrastructure so people are there to give the shots--polio vaccines, diphtheria shots--and remove river blindness once and for all. We can do that, and we will have a better and healthier populace in doing it, and we can point to this record and say: This is what the United States stands for. We do not speak your language, we do not follow your culture or customs, but we want your children to be healthier. Don't my colleagues think that in the long run this makes everyone better off and minimizes the kind of terrorist attacks we face?  I would also ask my colleagues to think about the fact that every disease in the world is only an airplane trip away from our shores--or maybe even a postal stamp--away from our shores. Think about the things in this bill that will have countries to identify diseases, such as the ebola plague or some new strain of disease to which we are not resistant, to help isolate them, and to help cure them.  We have a good bill. It was not an easy task. Senator McConnell has been an invaluable partner in putting this together.  We are trying to do many things. We want to help educate people. We want to improve health care around the world. We want people to see and understand the best of the United States.  At the same time, we are trying to combat these global problems by spending less than 1 percent of our budget.  It is embarrassingly little for a superpower that is in a position to lead the world in solving these critical issues that threaten our interests and the health and safety of every American citizen.  As a result, we often find ourselves unable to respond effectively to serious threats. That has proven to be true with international terrorism, but also when you consider what is needed to spot the spread of HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases.  It is the case when you consider how little we are spending to protect the environment. We are more than $200 million in arrears in our payments to the Global Environment Facility.  The amount in this bill for family planning, although $25 million above the Administrations request, is $89 million less than we provided in 1995. Yet hundreds of millions of impoverished people who want safe, voluntary family planning services are not able to get them. For those who have concerns about the numbers of abortions worldwide, think of the number of abortions that could be prevented if we had had adequate family planning, voluntary family planning services, in place.  We ought to do a lot more to support the development of free markets and to strengthen democratic institutions, from central Asia to Macedonia to Latin America.  There are major humanitarian disasters today in many regions of the world. We are hearing a lot about the looming catastrophe in Afghanistan, but similar tragedies exist in the Congo and Sudan, and drought and earthquakes have devastated parts of Central America.  We are by far the richest country in the world--the richest country history has ever known--but on a per capita basis we often spend less than other industrialized countries to help people whose lives are hanging by a thread. This bill attempts to respond, within our limited allocation, to these and other problems.  I very much appreciate the support we have received from Chairman Byrd and Senator Stevens. They have the unenviable task of dividing up a shrinking pie for 13 appropriations subcommittees.  The bill contains $15.5 billion in discretionary budget authority. Although our 302(b) allocation was higher than the House's allocations, the House cut deeply into many of the President's requests for essential programs--programs which are also Strongly Supported by Senators. The Senate bill has restored many of those cuts.  We restore sufficient funding for the Export-Import Bank to support subsidy financing well above the fiscal year 2000 level. We restore full funding for the foreign military financing program and provide a $10 million increase above the President's request for international military training.  We restore most of the House cuts in the Economic Support Fund, as well as assistance for the former Soviet Republics.  We provide additional funding for international peacekeeping and for assistance for the former Yugoslavia, including Serbia, Montenegro, and Macedonia.  We include $450 million to combat HIV/AIDS, including $50 million for the Global Fund to combat AIDS, TB, and malaria. This falls well short of what we should be spending, it is an increase above last year's level.  We also increase funding against other infectious diseases and for children's health programs, and I would note that both Republican and Democratic Senators have requested this.  These programs are desperately needed to strengthen the capacity of developing countries to conduct surveillanceand respond to diseases such as polio and measles. They are also equally important for combating the spread of biological agents such as anthrax used in acts of terrorism. There are tens of millions of dollars for those programs in this bill.  We provide $718 million for the Andean countries, primarily Colombia, Bolivia, Ecuador, and Peru, of which over half a billion dollars is for counterdrug programs. That is in addition to the $1.3 billion for Plan Colombia we appropriated last year. It is interesting, that about--who made requests to our subcommittee--even mentioned the Andean program, items which has not accomplished a great deal.  The bill contains the usual earmarks for Middle East countries. It also continues various limitations or conditions on assistance to several countries.  Senator McConnell and I have a number of amendments, including one to name this bill after Ken Ludden, and another to prohibit U.S. assistance to governments that harbor or provide financing for individuals involved in the September 11 terrorist attacks.  We have a bill that that was reported in record time by the appropriations committee. And while I will now reveal a political secret that has probably gone unnoticed in this body, Senator McConnell and I are not politically ideological soulmates. We have kept this well hidden, but it is a fact. Only because it is late in the evening and the Chamber is nearly empty do I dare whisper that. I would not want anybody to know that outside of this Chamber.  This political odd couple has worked together to bring before this Senate a bill, within the amount of money we had, that I think is well balanced. It is not precisely the bill Senator McConnell would have written by himself, nor that I would have written, but I am proud to join with Senator McConnell in support of this bill. I appreciate his friendship in working with him.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Carnahan). The Senator from Kentucky.  Mr. McCONNELL. Madam President, I am indeed shocked to hear that Senator Leahy does not make a practice of watching how I vote every time so he may be so guided.  In fact, we have had a good relationship over the years and seen many of these issues in like manner, and I commend him for his leadership as chairman of the subcommittee. This is a bill that I can enthusiastically support, and we anticipate it to pass by a large vote sometime tomorrow.  I thank my good friend from Vermont for his leadership, as I said, in crafting this $15.5 billion bill. This is, I think, probably our ninth bill together. When we started out, he was chairman and I was ranking member. Then I was chairman for a while and he was ranking member. Now the roles are reversed again. We have throughout, no matter who was in the majority, been able to move in the right direction.  Obviously the world has changed since we marked up this bill on July 26. The horror and grief of the September 11 attacks in New York, Virginia, and Pennsylvania are still very fresh in our hearts and minds. The recent anthrax mailings to Congress and the media are further indications of the diabolical nature of America's enemies. Our thoughts and prayers are with the many victims of these evil deeds.  The President and the administration have done a superb job in responding to this national crisis, both at home and abroad. In the darkest hours of the 21st century the American people have rallied in support of the new war against terrorism. This speaks to the strength of our Nation and the highest principles upon which it was founded.  Within 3 days of the September 11 attacks, the Senate passed a $40 billion emergency supplemental bill to aid in recovery and reconstruction efforts. I am pleased that a portion of those funds will be used to bolster counterterrorism and other security programs conducted by the State Department.  In addition to the funds contained in the supplemental, the bill now before the Senate fully funds the President's $38 million request for the State Department's antiterrorism assistance program. These funds will be used to provide training, equipment, and advice to foreign countries to enhance their antiterrorism skills and to increase the capabilities of foreign law enforcement and security officials. Those programs are critical to America's national security and those of our allies.  My colleagues should be aware that Senator Leahy and I intend to offer an amendment to prohibit assistance to any country that harbors or finances those individuals or organizations responsible for the mass murder of American citizens on September 11. President Bush and Secretary Powell are right to hold those nations who aid and abet terrorism responsible for their actions. They have my full cooperation and support in this endeavor.  Let me offer concrete evidence of that support. Senator Feinstein and I intended to offer an amendment to this bill requiring the President to report on the Palestinian Liberation Organization's compliance with its commitments to renounce terrorism and violence. We were asked by Secretary Powell, in light of his efforts to forge an international coalition against terrorism, to simply not offer that amendment. We agreed to withhold the amendment out of respect for this Nation's desire and demand for justice for the September 11 murders. The administration's request for our foreign policy priorities and needs are, for the most part, met through this bill.  In some accounts, including IMET and the Child Survival and Disease Programs Fund, the President's request was exceeded. The bill increases the Export Import Bank's subsidy appropriations from the requested amount of $633 million to $753 million, and we provide $450 million for HIV/AIDS programs and activities.  My colleagues will note that while we have provided substantial funding for counterdrug efforts in the Andean Region, the bill does not meet the Administration's $731 million request for the Andean Counterdrug Initiative. Not everyone may agree with the $567 million the bill provides for this program. However, funds are still in the pipeline for social, economic, and judicial programs in Colombia. Spillover of the narcotics trade to neighboring countries remains a concern. Successful counterdrug and alternative development programs in countries such as Bolivia must be continued.  Funding is also provided to continue vital democracy building activities in Asia, including Burma, Indonesia, and East Timor. The bill earmarks $10 million for rule of law programs in China, which are being successfully conducted by a variety of American academic and nongovernmental institutions. I would suggest to my colleagues that advancing democracy and the rule of law abroad is essential in the fight against terrorism.  I want to share with my colleagues an observation on U.S. foreign policy in the wake of the terrible attacks earlier this month. The very nature of our foreign assistance programs and priorities will change as America and its allies wage war against the foes of freedom and democracy. As one who believes that foreign aid is not an entitlement, assistance can--and should--be used as leverage to reward cooperation on common objectives, such as identifying and destroying terrorist networks. Conversely, nations that refuse to join the fight against terrorism should face restrictions on U.S. assistance they receive. As President Bush said, ``Every nation in every region now has a decision to make: Either you are with us or you are with the terrorists.''  Finally, I want to express my condolences to the family of Ken Ludden, Legislative Coordinator to the Office of the Assistant Secretary for International Affairs who passed away of a heart attack on September 10. Ken will be sorely missed by this subcommittee. Given his long and dedicated service to our country in many capacities, I have joined Senator Leahy in sponsoring an amendment to designate the bill the ``Kenneth M. Ludden Foreign Operations, Export, Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act.''  Again, I thank Senator Leahy, and his capable staff--Tim Rieser and Mark Lippert--for their leadership on this bill.  Senator Leahy and I are open for business and fully intend to finish this bill at the earliest possible time tomorrow.  I see the chairman is on his feet, and I yield the floor.  