I am not quite sure I knew at the time I was first elected what I might be doing here today.  I say to the distinguished Presiding Officer, when I took office, the Senate was comprised of 99 men, with one seat vacant because of a tied race in New Hampshire. Madam President, I must say, both on my feelings as a Vermonter and as a Senator with some seniority, I am delighted to see the changing face of the Senate that the distinguished Presiding Officer, and many others, have brought to it.  We should, of course, have a far better balance of both men and women in this body, just as we have those who range across the political spectrum.  Today we will confirm another judicial nominee--actually our 13th since July 20. Since becoming chairman of the Judiciary Committee, after the delay in Senate reorganization and assignment of Committee members, I have taken seriously the responsibility to fill these vacancies on the federal courts around the country with consensus nominees.  Larry Hicks is another candidate strongly supported by both of his home State Senators. One of his home State Senators is the deputy leader among Democrats, the other a well-respected, strong Republican.  We have confirmed as many court of appeals judges as were confirmed in the entire first year of the Clinton administration in 1993--actually four more than the zero total confirmed by the Senate under other control in all of the 1996 session. We are moving forward.  I think we have hearings on five more judicial nominees this week. Of these nominees, the ABA peer reviews on several were only completed and received last week.  I remind the White House that we still have at least 10 or so nominees who do not have their ABA ratings here, having been nominated on September 10 or thereafter. The consequences of the unilateral changes that the Administration made in March to the procedures that had governed the judicial confirmation process for more than 50 years are still being felt.  Others have not finished their paperwork. We are happy to help the White House with that.  In spite of the special circumstances that have arisen this year, we remain well ahead of the pace for the confirmation of judges during the first year of the first Bush administration and the first year of the Clinton administration.  I wanted to take the floor to thank both Senator Reid and Senator Ensign for working so closely together to bring us someone with such strong bipartisan support. I also thank Larry Hicks. I think the White House is well intentioned, but he was given poor advice on his paperwork and how to answer the written follow up questions after his hearing. After a quick phone call from Senator Reid to him, he immediately faxed a letter to help complete his paperwork--the only thing holding up the nomination. I hope that will be an example to others. It took about a 3-minute phone call and a fax, and we are done. I applaud both Senators for working this out.  I yield the floor.  