President, I have offered this amendment on behalf of Senator Harkin and myself to provide an increase of $1.5 billion in fiscal year 2002 for Department of Justice programs for State and local law enforcement assistance.  Our amendment pays for these additional funds for our State and local crime-fighting partners from the surplus funds in the budget resolution's contingency reserve.  Senator Harkin and I are concerned that the Senate is being called upon this week to vote on the Federal budget without having seen a detailed submission of where the Bush Administration may propose cuts in law enforcement programs.  I, for one, would hate to see cuts in our federal assistance to State and local law enforcement. Those programs to help acquire bulletproof vests, reduce DNA backlogs, encourage modern communications, provide modern crime labs, and place cops on the beat have been so helpful to our crime control efforts.  Under Attorney General Reno, and due in part to her emphasis on a coordinated effort with State and local law enforcement, crime rates fell in each of the past 8 years. Violent crimes, including murder and rape, have been reduced to the lowest levels in decades, since before the Reagan Administration. In fact, the national rate of violent crime is at its lowest level since 1978.  We need to redouble our efforts, not cut them short or leave them short of funds.  Unfortunately, President Bush's budget highlights in his ``Blueprint for New Beginnings'' appears to call for cutting federal assistance to State and local law enforcement by 30 percent--by ``redirecting'' $1.5 billion in Department of Justice programs for state and local law enforcement assistance.  This is quite troubling.  In addition, this budget resolution cuts $7.5 billion in Department of Justice funding over the next 5 years when compared to the Congressional Budget Office baseline. Over the next 10 years, this budget resolution cuts $19 billion in Department of Justice funding when compared to the CBO baseline.  Why does this budget resolution cut funding for the Department of Justice?  With school shootings continuing across the country and the use of heroin, methamphetamine and other dangerous drugs in rural and urban settings, now is not the time to be ``redirecting'' $1.5 million away from federal assistance to State and local law enforcement.  Now is not the time to be pulling back from the strong national commitment we should be making to continue to assist those on the front lines in the fight against crime and battle over illegal drug use.  The success in reducing serious crime and violent crime across the nation is due in large part to the crime-fighting partnership between the Department of Justice and state and local law enforcement agencies, which benefits from Department of Justice state and local law enforcement assistance.  We should all remember the bipartisan success stories that make up the Department of Justice's state and local law enforcement assistance programs.  For example, last year, Congress appropriated $60 million to the Boys and Girls Clubs of America for grants to Boys and Girls Clubs across the nation within the Department of Justice's programs for state and local law enforcement assistance. In Vermont and every other state in the nation, Boys and Girls Clubs are a great and growing success in preventing crime and supporting our children.  In FY 2001, Congress appropriated $523 million for the Local Law Enforcement Block Grant Program within the Department of Justice's programs for state and local law enforcement assistance programs.  Republicans and Democrats support this essential block grant for law enforcement equipment and other needs for state and local police departments.  The Department of Justice's programs for state and local law enforcement assistance include the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program. Senator Campbell and I authored the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act in 1998.  In its first two years of operation, this program funded more than 325,000 new bulletproof vests for our nation's police officers, including more than 536 vests for Vermont law enforcement officers.  In FY 2001, Congress appropriated $569 million for the Edward Byrne Memorial State and Local Assistance Program for Byrne discretionary and formula grants within the Department of Justice's programs for state and local law enforcement assistance programs.  In Vermont, the Department of Public Safety receives about $2 million in Byrne grant funding a year to maintain the Vermont Drug Task Force to combat heroin and other illegal drugs. Byrne grants fund drug task forces in many other states as well.  The Department of Justice's programs for state and local law enforcement assistance also include such proven crime-fighting and drug-prevention programs as the Violent Offender Incarceration Prison Grant Program; Truth-In-Sentencing Incentive Prison Grant Program; Juvenile Accountability Incentive Block Grant Program; COPS Program; Violence Against Women Act; Crime Identification Technology Act; and Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Programs.  Moreover, this year's budget request for Department of Justice state and local law enforcement assistance should include new bipartisan crime-fighting programs that Congress passed last year. In 2000, on a bipartisan basis, the Senate and House passed the Computer Crime Enforcement Act, the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act and the Paul Coverdell National Forensic Science Improvement Act.  These Department of Justice programs are needed to support our nation's police officers.  Mr. President, I urge the Senate to adopt the Leahy-Harkin amendment to increase funding by $1.5 billion for the 2002 fiscal year for the Department of Justice programs for state and local law enforcement assistance.  I yield to my friend from Iowa.  