Unfortunately, at first, rhetoric overcame reality. We had a proposal sent up, and we were asked to pass it within a day or so. Fortunately for the country, and actually ironically beneficial to both the President and the Attorney General who asked for such legislation, we took time to look at it, we took time to read it, and we took time to remove those parts that were unconstitutional and those parts that would have actually hurt liberties of all Americans.  I say that because I think of what Benjamin Franklin was quoted as saying at a time when he literally had his neck on the line, where he would have been hanged if our revolution had failed. He said: A people who would give up their liberty for security deserve neither.  What we have tried to do in this legislation is to balance the liberties we enjoy as Americans and those liberties that have made us the greatest democracy in history but at the same time to enhance our security so we can maintain that democracy and maintain the leadership we have given the rest of the world.  We completed our work 6 weeks after the September 11 attacks. I compare this to what happened after the bombing of the Federal Building in Oklahoma City in 1995. It took a year to complete the legislation after that. We have done this in 6 weeks. But there has been a lot of cooperation. There have been a lot of Senators and a lot of House Members in both parties and dedicated staff who have worked around the clock.  I think of my own staff--and this could be said of many others, including the Presiding Officer's staff and the ranking member's staff--who were forced out of their offices because of the recent scares on Capitol Hill, and they continue to work literally in phone booths and in hallways and from their homes and off laptops and cell phones.  I made a joke in my own hide-away office. To those who have ever watched ``The X-Files,'' there is a group called ``the lone gunmen,'' who are sort of these computer nerds who meet in a small house trailer. I am seeing some puzzled looks around the Senate as I say this. But they have all these wires hanging from the ceiling and laptops and all, and they do great things. That is the way our office looked. But they were working around the clock on this legislation to get something better. There was some unfortunate rhetoric along the way, but again, the reality overcame it. We have a good piece of legislation.  As we look back to when we began discussions with the administration about this bill, there were sound and legitimate concerns on both sides of the Capitol, both sides of the aisle, about the legislation's implication for America's rights and freedoms. There was also a sincere and committed belief that we needed to find a way to give law enforcement authority new tools in fighting terrorism.  This is a whole new world. It is not similar to the days of the cold war where we worried about armies marching against us or air forces flying against us or navies sailing against us. This is not that world. Nobody is going to do that because we are far too powerful. Since the end of the cold war, with the strength of our military, nobody is going to do a frontal attack. But as the Presiding Officer and everyone else knows, a small dedicated group of terrorists, with state-supported efforts, can wreak havoc in an open and democratic Nation such as ours.  Anybody who has visited the sites of these tragedies doesn't need to be told the results. We know our Nation by its very nature will always be vulnerable to these types of attacks. None of us serving in the Senate today will, throughout our service, no matter how long it is, see a day where we are totally free of such terrorist attacks. That is the sad truth. Our children and our grandchildren will face the possibilities of such terrorist attacks because that is the only way the United States can be attacked. But that doesn't mean we are defenseless. It doesn't mean we suddenly surrender.  We have the ability, with our intelligence agencies and our law enforcement, to seek out and stop people before this happens. We are in an open session today, so I won't go into the number of times we have done that. But in the last 10 years, we have had, time and time again, during the former Bush administration, during the Clinton administration, and in the present administration, potential terrorist attacks thwarted. People have either been apprehended or eliminated.  Everybody in America knows our life has changed. Whether the security checks and the changes in our airlines are effective or not, we know they are reality. We know travel is not as easy as it once was. We will be concerned about opening mail. We will worry when we hear the sirens in the night. But we are not going to retreat into fortress America. We are going to remain a beacon of democracy to the rest of the world. Americans don't run and hide. Americans face up, as we have, to adversities, whether they be economic or wars or anything else.  We began this process knowing how we had to protect Americans. It was not that we were intending to see how much we could take out of the administration's proposal, but it was with a determination to find sensible, workable ways to do the same things to protect America the administration wanted but with checks and balances against abuse. We have seen at different times in this Nation's history how good intentions can be abused. We saw it during the McCarthy era.  Following the death of J. Edgar Hoover, we found how much totalitarian control of the FBI hurt so many innocent people without enhancing our security. We saw it during the excesses of the special prosecutor law enacted with good intentions.  We wanted to find checks and balances. We wanted to make sure we could go after terrorism. We wanted to make sure we could go after those who would injure our society, those who would strike at the very democratic principles that ironically make us a target. But we wanted to do it with checks and balances against abuse. That is what we did. In provision after provision, we added those safeguards that were missing from the administration's plan.  By taking the time to read and improve the antiterrorism bill, Congress has done the administration a great favor in correcting the problems that were there. We have used the time wisely. We have produced a far better bill than the administration proposed. Actually, it is a better bill than either this body or the House initially proposed. The total is actually greater than the sum of the parts.  We have done our utmost to protect Americans against abuse of these new law enforcement tools, and there are new law enforcement tools involved. In granting these new powers, the American people but also we, their representatives in Congress, grant the administration our trust that they are not going to be misused. It is a two-way street. We are giving powers to the administration; we will have to extend some trust that they are not going to be misused.  The way we guarantee that is congressional oversight. Congressional oversight is going to be crucial in enforcing this compact. If I might paraphrase former President Reagan: We will entrust but with oversight.  We will do this. The Republican chairman and his ranking member in the House of Representatives intend to have very close oversight. I can assure you that I and our ranking member will have tight oversight in the Senate.  Interestingly enough, the 4-year sunset provision included in this final agreement will be an enforcement mechanism for adequate oversight.  We did not have a sunset provision in the Senate bill. The House included a 5-year provision. The administration wanted even 10 years. We compromised on 4. It makes sense. It makes sense because with everybody knowing there is that sunset provision, everybody knows they are going to have to use these powers carefully and in the best way. If they do that, then they can have extensions. If they don't, they won't. It also enhances our power for oversight.  This is not precisely the bill that Senator Hatch would have written. It is not precisely the bill I would have written, or not precisely the bill the Presiding Officer or others on the floor would have written. But it is a good bill. It is a balanced bill. It is a greatly improved piece of legislation. It is one that sets up the checks and balances necessary in a democratic society that allow us to protect and preserve our security but also protect and preserve our liberties.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  