My understanding is the distinguished Senator from Indiana, Mr. Bayh, will be here presently. To use his time, I will continue under the time reserved to this side. I would like to commend a number of Senators for their contributions to this matter during the day and a half we have been debating it.  I believe Senator Kennedy--we just heard him--made extraordinarily persuasive, fact-based presentations on some troubling aspects of the nominee's background. I hope all Senators listened to the remarks of Senator Mikulski, who spoke to the heart of the question and put to rest the false charge the Democrats are applying a narrow ideological litmus test. I appreciate the eloquent words of her colleague from Maryland, Senator Sarbanes, this morning. In the fashion to which we have become accustomed from Senator Sarbanes, he discussed the history of the nomination, including the hearing. I continue to marvel at the expertise of the senior Senator from Illinois, Mr. Durbin, for his comprehensive remarks distilled so wisely and lucidly from the hearing record. Senator Durbin spent an extraordinary amount of time on this during the hearings. I think the whole Senate benefitted from the knowledge he gained from those hearings. Senator Levin presented his characteristically thoughtful remarks and careful reasoning. I thank him for that.  As I said, we heard just now from the senior Senator from New York, Mr. Schumer. Not only did he speak so well on the floor, but all the Senate was helped by his thorough work during the hearings and with the kind of committee service that distinguished him on the Judiciary Committee both here and in the kind of service he had in the other body before.  We heard the fine remarks of my friend from New Mexico, Senator Bingaman; the forthrightness of Senator Carper; the plain-spoken eloquence of Senator Stabenow; the statesmanship of Senator Kerry.  I think of the words of the distinguished senior Senator from Florida, Mr. Graham, who brought to the Senate the important circumstances of his State and his concerns--unique among all of us here.  Of course, my friend, the assistant Democratic leader, Senator Reid of Nevada, has given the kind of help he always does in debates. It is something the public does not see, but he is the glue that holds everything together. Then, added to that was his own strong statement on the floor.  I think of Senator Byrd, almost my seatmate in the Senate, with whom I served for over a quarter of a century and thank him for sharing his views.  I thank my Republican colleagues for their views, those Senators who supported this nomination, as Senator Byrd did.  I think about what Senator Harkin said when he spoke again eloquently today, and Senator Lieberman, who spoke not only about his relationship with Senator Ashcroft but of his own concerns about the issues of morality and of one's upbringing, and Senator Edwards, a person who went from the courtroom to the Senate, and represents the best of both places.  I also commend Senator Hatch, of course, for his management of the debate.  I yield to the senior Senator from New York.  