 The world's few remaining tropical forests, which are located in Indonesia, Central Africa, and parts of South America, are being cut down at a staggering rate. Whether it is local farmers scratching out a living by slash and burn agriculture, or multinational timber or mining companies, experts predict that these irreplaceable ecosystems will be completely gone in 15 to 20 years.  The forests are not just trees. They are the habitat for the majority of the Earth's endangered species, from great apes to insects, many of which we have yet to identify. They are also the source of many of the life-saving drugs that are sold in America's pharmacies today, and who knows how many future cures wait to be discovered from rainforest plants.  They are home to the few remaining groups of indigenous people who continue to live in much the same way as they have for centuries, threatening no one.  Development is widely regarded as synonymous with progress. That is why the United States Agency for International Development has its name. But it would be unforgivable if a decade or two from now the few remaining virgin tropical forests were gone. It is not simply a matter of planting new trees. They are a complex web of species.  There are many private homes in Washington, DC that are worth more than what it would cost to protect hundreds of thousands of acres of virgin rainforest in some African countries. Yet we have difficulty finding a few million dollars to do that.  Even worse, the United States is a major consumer of timber stolen from the forests of Indonesia, Africa and South America. According to a recent report, the U.S. imported over $300 million in illegal timber from Indonesia alone last year.  The international trade in illegal timber is out of control. It is rampant. It is accelerating, and it is driven by greed, an insatiable demand, corruption, and the lack of effective strategies and resources to address it. This bill contains funds to increase our efforts, but I would be the first to say is not enough.  There are two ways to protect these forests, and both are essential. One is law enforcement. Many countries, like Indonesia and Brazil have environmental laws, but they are routinely violated, including by those who are responsible for enforcing them.  In Indonesia, the military is deeply involved in the illegal timber trade, and I encouraged the White House to discuss this with President Megawati when she was in Washington recently.  The same is true in Cambodia and the so-called ``Democratic'' Republic of the Congo. The military trades protection for illegal loggers in exchange for a slice of the profits. So cracking down on this corruption is essential.  What also must be done is to provide the people who live in the forests alternative sources of income and access to family planning to reduce population pressures on these fragile ecosystems.  As it is, they have no other way to survive except by cutting the trees for fuel or timber and killing the animals for bush meat, which has become a high priced delicacy.  Once the forests are gone, they will have to abandon their homes, joining the throngs of other impoverished people migrating to urban slums--without housing, without jobs, without health care, without hope.  On the other hand, if they are made to understand that the forest and the animals can be a continuing source of tourist income, then they become the protectors of the forests.  We want USAID to expand its support for organizations and individuals who have devoted their lives to protecting endangered species and the tropical forests where they live.  In some countries, like Brazil, some of the most courageous advocates for the environment have been murdered, presumably by the mining and timber interests.  There is still time to stop this, but only if we make it a priority. We have to, because ten years from now will be too late.  