He is a year younger, so I think of him as still a good friend. I must admit that he is ahead of me in one area, especially: He has two grandchildren now, and will be happy to show any Senators pictures. I only have one.  But he asked where we are going to go. I will tell him there is a couplethings we will not do. We had 34 months the Republicans controlled the Senate during the Clinton years where there were no hearings at all. I have no idea how many months or years I might be chairman of this committee, but I have no intention of having a record like that.  In fact, when we reorganized committees, we actually had a committee within 10 minutes of the time--10 minutes--and the notice of the first hearing in a matter of days. When Senators have told me there was a problem--the Senator from Mississippi had no problem getting his judges up. We are going to vote on one in just a few minutes. There were earlier objections because of rulings that judge made. I helped clear those objections. I believe the Senator from Mississippi has another judge up for a hearing next week.  So, one, I will not go 34 months; two, I have been trying to accommodate Senators when they have told me they have had a problem. I even had hearings in the August recess to help out with this.  Now the Republicans did control the Senate for a while this year. They did not have any hearings. I had 2 days of hearings during the August recess. Ironically enough, no Republican even showed up for one of them, for judges; and one Republican member of the committee issued--actually two members criticized us for even holding the hearings in August on President Bush's nominees.  So I think you are kind of in a ``damned if you do, damned if you don't'' situation. One Republican Senator announced to the whole Senate that I had announced in the press that one of these nominees would never get a hearing. When I asked him where that was in the press, he said, well, maybe somebody else said it; but he did nothing to retract that, of course.  So it is kind of a difficult thing, I tell my good friend. But I am not going to do as the Republicans did in 1996, where we had no courts of appeals hearings. I do recognize there are some vacancies. Of course, there were nominees for those vacancies. Some sat here for 3 or 4 years without having any hearing or vote under the Republican administration of the Senate; 3 or 4 years unable to even get a hearing or vote.  We are moving. We will have more hearings next week. I will probably continue to have hearings during recesses. I will probably continue to have complaints from Republican Senators or their offices when I have those hearings during a recess, and some will probably not bother to show up. But because I have told my friend from Mississippi we will keep moving, we will. He should rest assured that, as tonight, when his judge is here, in a couple more weeks, his judge will be here again. I don't know if that helps as an answer to him.  I also suspect, I say to my friend from Mississippi, we have a terrorism bill to go to tonight. He would probably like us to get to votes on his judge and another judge so we can get to terrorism.  