My amendment permits a debtor to withhold the name of a minor child in the public records of the bankruptcy case.  I submit this out of a sense of child safety. There is an unintended loophole, as the bill is written, in child safety. Sometimes bankruptcies occur when there have been a great deal of problems between parents. With that, nobody should know the name of the minor children.  The closing loophole does not restrict the necessary flow of information regarding a debtor's financial records. The House of Representatives adopted a similar amendment authored by Congressman Mark Green during its debate on bankruptcy reform legislation.  The amendment is a modest but important first step to protecting personal privacy and preventing criminal activity through the unnecessary disclosure of personal information in the public domain.  When individuals file for bankruptcy, of course, they are required to disclose information regarding themselves and also their dependents. Most of this information is vital to ensuring the integrity of the bankruptcy process, but if you look at these forms, you realize a lot of this information is very personal, very detailed.  Indeed, bankruptcy records contain all kinds of highly sensitive personal, financial, and medical information. I didn't realize how much information was in there while preparing for the bill. I was amazed at the amount of personal, financial, and medical information. More and more, Federal courts are making these court records that contain the very highly sensitive personal, financial, and medical information available for all to see, withoutany privacy safeguards, and are available on the Internet.  Each Member can go on the Internet and get medical, personal, and privacy records on bankruptcy debtors. For example, schedule 1 has a document entitled ``The Current Income of Individual Debtors'' that requires a debtor to list his or her dependents' names, ages, and relationship to the debtor. Some of this information is very important to creditors. I don't have any question about that.  It is also the type of information that some dangerous people could use to seek out and contact children. We have seen predators of children who have sought this information over the Internet. Any parent, any grandparent, or any Senator should worry about someone getting this information on children. My amendment simply protects minor children to unnecessary exposure from harm.  The chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Senator Hatch, has agreed to future hearings in the Judiciary Committee to consider the issue of personal information in paper and electronic court records and other governmental records. The manner in which all three branches of the Federal Government, Federal agencies, the Congress, and the judiciary protect the privacy and personal information that Americans are required to divulge is an important area that needs our attention.  Earlier, we had a Leahy-Hatch amendment regarding protection of customer databases and consumer lists to prevent future ToySmart.com cases. We created omnibus bankruptcy proceedings as part of that Leahy-Hatch amendment, the first consumer privacy advocate in consumer law. Working together, we have proven that Republicans and Democrats can come together in commonsense matters.  I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.  