LOTT. I would. One final point: It is amazing how history repeats itself. What you were saying last year we are saying this year. I guess before that, we were saying it or you were saying it.  So I would like to submit for the Record--and I ask unanimous consent to have this printed in the Record--quotes that were being offered just 1 year ago on this same subject. There were complaints from me that the intelligence authorization bill was being held up, appropriations bills were being delayed, not enough judges were being moved. So this is not new. But I just ask that we continue to work together to try to move the judicial nominations forward.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:    A Year Ago, It Was Democrats Pushing For Judicial Confirmations       ``I was in the Minority for a number of years in my present      position and . . . I worked very hard in moving legislation,      and we did not hold up legislation based on judges. We did      not do that. . . . We did not hold up legislation based upon      judges . . . we had a right to do so, but I felt, and Senator      Daschle felt as minority leader that we had an obligation to      move legislation. . . .''--Senator Harry Reid, Congressional      Record, 10/10/2001, S10405       Compare the Majority Whip's remarks yesterday with the      following statements he and the then Minority Leader made a      year ago when they were in the minority and their party's      president was in the White House.       Exhibit No. 1: On July 21, 2000, while objecting to      Majority Leader Lott's attempt to proceed to S. 2507, the      Intelligence Authorization Bill, Minority Leader Daschle      stated: ``I hope we can accommodate this unanimous consent      request for the intelligence authorization. As [does] Senator      Lott, I recognize that it is important, and I hope we can      address it. I also hope we can address the additional      appropriations bills. There is no reason we can't. We can      find a compromise if there is a will, and I am sure there is.      But we also want to see the list of what we expect will      probably be the final list of judicial nominees to be      considered for hearings in the Judicial Committee this year.      I am anxious to talk with him and work with him on that      issue. All of this is interrelated, as he said, and because      of that, we take it slowly.'' [Congressional Record, S7426]       Exhibit No. 2: On July 24, 2000, while objecting to Senator      Lott's repeated attempt to proceed to S. 2507, the      Intelligence Authorization Bill, Minority Whip Reid stated:      ``I think it is unfortunate that we have been unable today to      deal with [Judiciary Committee Chairman] Hatch. . . . I hope      this evening or tomorrow we can sit down and talk. For      example, I believe the judge's name is White . . . who has      been before the committee and has not had a hearing. . . . In      short, we hope in the meeting with Senator Hatch, either      tonight or tomorrow, we will be in a position where we can      expedite the rest of the work this week and move on to other      things.'' [Congressional Record, S7469]       Exhibit No. 3: On July 25, 2000, while discussing with      Senator Domenici the delays in proceeding to the Energy and      Water Appropriations Bill, Senator Reid stated: ``We believe      there should be certain rights protected. Also under [the]      Constitution, we have a situation that was developed by our      Founding Fathers in which Senators would give the executive      branch--the President--recommendations for people to serve in      the judiciary. Once these recommendations were given, the      President would send the names back to the Senate and we      would confirm or approve those names. One of the problems we      are having here is it is very difficult to get people      approved, confirmed. This has nothing to do with the energy      and water bill. It does, however, have something to do with      the other bills. We could have moved forward on the energy      and water bill on Friday until this glitch came up.''      [Congressional Record, S7525]       Exhibit No. 4: On July 25, 2000, while discussing with      Senator Wellstone the need to ``do the Senate's business''      and the then-current status of bills under the Republican-     lead Senate, Senator Reid stated: ``We have a very simple      situation here. We in the minority believe we have had the      right to have a few judges approved by the Senate. . . . We      also believe we have some appropriation bills that need to      move forward, and there are some strings on that. We want to      work, but there are some things that we think, in fairness,      we deserve. As a result of that, things have slowed down,      which is too bad.'' [Congressional Record, S7504]  