President, the Senate last night voted for a resolution of disapproval of the new ergonomics regulations. Supporters of the resolution said the ergonomics rules would hurt small businesses and would cost millions in revenues each year. In fact, some claimed it would actually force them out of business.  I disagreed with that analysis of the ergonomics rule, but I do agree with the underlying principle that the Senate should be passing legislation to foster small businesses across the country. I am going to offer an amendment to protect small business creditors from losing out in the bankruptcy reform process. I assume all those who are speaking strongly in favor of small businesses would be supportive of this.  The bankruptcy bill today puts the multibillion-dollar credit card companies ahead of the hard-working small business people from Utah, Alabama, Nevada, Kentucky, or Vermont in collecting outstanding debt from those who file for bankruptcy. My amendment corrects that injustice by giving small business creditors a priority over larger businesses when it comes to distribution of the bankruptcy estate. The amendment provides a small business creditor has priority over the larger for-profit business creditor.  My amendment does not affect the bill's provision giving top priority in bankruptcy distribution to child support and alimony payments, but we should be helping small businesses navigate through the often complex and confusing bankruptcy process. Small businesses cannot afford the high-priced bankruptcy lawyers corporate giants can afford. Small business creditors need some kind of priority just to keep even with the big companies. Small businesses are the backbone of this Nation's economy.  Take a look at this chart. The total number of businesses nationwide is 5,541,918. Of those 5.5 million businesses, almost 5 million are small businesses, or 90 percent of all businesses in this country are small businesses.  Small business, for the purpose of this report, incidentally, is defined as a company with 25 or fewer full-time employees. That is the same definition of small business used in my amendment, which is very similar to the Leahy Press and Printing business in Montpelier, VT.  In full disclosure, my family sold that business when my parents retired. It is gone. This was a small printing business. We actually lived in the front of the store. Our house was in the front. The printing business was in the back, but it was typical of small businesses that are the backbone of my own State of Vermont.  In Vermont, we have 19,000 businesses. Almost 17,000 of them are small businesses, again following the national model.  In virtually every State, 90 percent of the businesses are small. The bill, as it is written, will help the huge multibillion-dollar credit card companies, and they have far more of a priority than these small mom-and-pop stores.  We can do right. It is not fair for us to ask these small businesses, again, to hand over everything they have to the lawyers and accountants of these huge megabusinesses when it comes to collecting outstanding debt. Large credit card corporations have thousands of employees. They rake in billions of dollars of profit every year. Small businesses struggle every day just to pay their bills and their employees' salaries.  Let us put these small businesses on an equal footing with big businesses by adopting the Leahy small business amendment.  In that regard, I appreciate what our distinguished majority leader, Senator Lott, said on the floor last Wednesday. He spoke about the hardships his parents suffered when they tried to run a small business. His parents ran a furniture business, and most of the business was done on credit. One of the reasons they were forced to leave that business was that some people just would not pay their bills, according to the majority leader.  I mentioned earlier Leahy Press in Montpelier. My parents did an awful lot of business on credit. I know they faced some of the same problems the majority leader's parents did. I have always remembered that. It is not easy for a small business owner to make an honest living, whether during our parents' time or today, and it is not fair now to allow large corporate giants to grab their share first in this bankruptcy bill ahead of hard-working small businesspeople.  Many of the most controversial proposals in this bankruptcy bill are to benefit the credit card industry and then to use taxpayer money to help them support their debt collection of billions of dollars, but they also want tax dollars to help them in the collection of their debts.  Business Week recently reported that Dean Witter estimated this bill would boost the earnings of credit card companies by 5 percent a year. In other words, we as taxpayers would increase the credit card companies' business by 5 percent. One credit card company alone, MBNA, will make a net profit of $75 million a year more if we, on behalf of the taxpayers in this country, pass this bill as it is written.  Across the industry, credit card company after credit card company will reap millions of dollars in profits because of the changes this bill makes to the bankruptcy code.  I understand credit card companies are worried about collecting debts because their credit extended is typically unsecured, especially when they send credit cards, in some instances, to somebody's dog--I know of that happening--or send a credit card to someone's 4-year-old child with an unsecured credit line.  If one were cynical, one might say that some of this problem is of their own doing, but we should understand most small businesses face this peril. It is not fair to carve out a special exemption for the multibillion-dollar credit card companies but leave the small businesses of Provo, UT, or Middlesex, VT, to fend for themselves. That is why I am offering this amendment to put small business owners at least on an equal footing with large credit card companies.  Mr. President, I send the amendment to the desk.  