President, the amendment offered by Senator Helms entitled the ``Boy Scouts of America Equal Access Act'' aims to ensure that the Boy Scouts of America has access to our nations' public school facilities. The Boy Scouts already have access to our public schools, access that is guaranteed by the Constitution. As recently as this past Monday, the Supreme Court confirmed in the case of Good News Club v. Milford Central School that when a public school establishes a limited open forum, the school may not discriminate on the basis of viewpoint among groups wishing to use that forum. Under that decision and its predecessors, the Boy Scouts already have the same right to use public schools as any other group. We do not need to echo the Constitution's clear protections through an amendment to the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act.  Moreover, this amendment does more than simply reiterate what the Supreme Court has already made clear about access to our public schools. It conditions federal funding on the willingness of school districts to accept groups with ``membership or leadership criteria, that prohibit the acceptance of homosexuals.'' Districts that refuse space to any groups besides the Boy Scouts, or groups with similar views on homosexuality, are subject to no Congressionally-mandated penalty. Indeed, the only specially protected viewpoint under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act would become the refusal to accept gays and lesbians. I am uncomfortable with the Congress endorsing these particular views above all others, and I believe that the courts would likely find this to be impermissible viewpoint discrimination. The Supreme Court has stated that: ``Regulations which permit the Government to discriminate on the basis of the content of the message cannot be tolerated under the First Amendment.'' Simon & Schuster, Inc. v. Members of the N.Y. State Crime Victims Bd., 112 S. Ct. 501, 508 (1991). In my opinion, this amendment would do precisely what the Court has said the First Amendment prohibits.  I oppose the Helms amendment because it accomplishes nothing except to provide special and unprecedented protection for one particular and deeply controversial view, the Boy Scouts' decision to ``prohibit the acceptance of homosexuals.'' This is not the job of Congress, and it should not interfere with the important work we are doing to reform our education system. It is also worth noting that this amendment does not prevent schools from withdrawing their sponsorship of the Boy Scouts, as some supporters have stated. It simply guarantees the organization the access that they already have.  This amendment is unnecessary. This debate needs to be about the education of our children, about pressing problems such as providing high quality teachers; ensuring access to technology; funding programs to assist low-income and disadvantaged students;and, renovating and repairing deteriorating schools. We have had a good debate on these issues over the past several weeks and have done so in a bipartisan and cooperative manner. As we come to what may be the closing hours of our consideration of the critical issue of education reform, I urge my colleagues to maintain the focus on our school children and the quality of the programs, facilities and services they receive and to oppose this divisive and unnecessary amendment.  