President, today the Senate confirmed M. Christina Armijo of New Mexico to be a United States District Judge for the District of New Mexico. We now have the opportunity to act on the nominations of two additional judicial nominees. When we vote to confirm Karon Bowdre of Alabama and Stephen Friot of Oklahoma, the Senate will have confirmed 16 judges since July 20 of this year. When we confirm these District Court nominees, the Senate will have confirmed more District Court judges this year than were confirmed in the entire first year of the first Bush administration in 1989.  In addition to our work on the antiterrorism legislation since September 11, the Senate Judiciary Committee has persevered in the wake of the terrible events of September 11 and will by tomorrow have held 5 hearings for 21 judicial nominees.  Within 2 days of the terrible events of September 11, I chaired a confirmation hearing for the two judicial nominees who were able to drive to Washington while interstate air travel was still disrupted.  At our committee meeting on October 4, 2001, we reported those two judicial nominees and held another confirmation hearing on five judicial nominees that same day.  On October 18, 2001, in spite of the closure of Senate office buildings in the wake of the receipt of a letter containing anthrax spores and Senate staff and employees testing positive for anthrax exposure, the Committee proceeded with its previously scheduled business meeting under extraordinary circumstances in the United States Capitol and reported four judicial nominees favorably to the Senate. On that same day, despite the unavailability of the Judiciary Committee hearing room and the closure of Senators' offices, we proceeded with another confirmation hearing for an additional five judicial nominees.  Two weeks ago, while the Senate Republicans were shutting down the Senate with a filibuster preventing action on the bill that funds our nation's foreign policy initiatives and provides funds to help build the international coalition against terrorism, the Judiciary Committee nonetheless proceeded with yet another hearing for four more judicial nominees on October 25, 2001, our third hearing involving judicial nominees in October.  Tomorrow morning we are holding another hearing for five more judicial nominations.  The facts are that since the committee was assigned its members on July 10, 2001, the committee will have held nine hearing involving 28 judicial nominees. By tonight the Senate will have already confirmed 16 judges, including four to the Courts of Appeals. These numbers show that there have been more hearings for more nominees, more confirmations of more judges to the District Courts, and more confirmations of more judges to the Courts of Appeals this year than by the same date in either the first year of the first Bush administration or the first year of the Clinton administration. The facts are that the Judiciary Committee and the Senate are ahead of the confirmation pace for judicial nominees in the first year of the first Bush administration or the first year of the Clinton administration.  I know that Karon Bowdre has the strong support of the senior Senator from Alabama who came to introduce her at her hearing. I am told that Senator Sessions came to the floor earlier today to speak in support of this nomination. I recall that the senior Senator from Oklahoma came to the hearing to speak in favor of Stephen Friot and that he has the support of Senator Inhofe, as well.  Both these nominees were among those District Court nominations sent to the Senate just before the August recess. They had to be returned to the White House without action when the Republican leader objected to retaining them here over the recess. They were nominated in early September and the Committee received their ABA peer review ratings in early October. They were then scheduled to participate in a hearing on October 18, considered by the committee at last week's business meeting and are being confirmed today, November 6, which is approximately 1 month after receiving the ABA ratings.  I congratulate the nominees and their families on these confirmations.  