President, I rise today to express my opposition to the nomination of Gale Norton to be Secretary of Interior. While I am not a member of the Energy Committee that held hearings on the nomination, I have closely reviewed her record and her testimony.  The Secretary of Interior is the steward of our country's natural resources and public lands. Any nominee for this position should be selected for their commitment to protecting our precious resources as well as their dedication to uphold and enforce our environmental laws.  After reviewing the record of Gale Norton there is little doubt that she is an intelligent and dedicated public servant who has strong convictions about issues that concern the Department of Interior. On the one hand, I commend her commitment to her strong ideological views. However, it is this unyielding commitment to those strongly held beliefs that makes me question whether she will be able to set those views aside and consider the views of all Americans as we debate important issues concerning the natural resources.  As our country continues to prosper, the Secretary of Interior will oversee a number of ongoing debates concerning public lands and the protection of endangered species. There is no single solution that can serve as an answer to land management issues in each region of our country. There are many stakeholders with a wide variety of views on how we protect, access and use our natural resources. We in Vermont and New England are deeply concerned about pressure being placed on our natural resources from rapid growth. We Vermonters also have concerns that environmental standards should be strictly enforced for our lands, air, water and threatened species.  The record of Gale Norton provides important insight on how she will interpret laws and weigh the views of stakeholders concerning our natural resources. These beliefs have been remarkably unwavering.  Based on the record I must vote against this nomination. However, if Gale Norton is confirmed, you can be sure that I will work closely with her on a variety of issues that are important to Vermonters. I will work with her to try and foster consensus not only in our region but also throughout the country.  