President, I rise today to voice my strong opposition to the Craig amendment to the International Criminal Court (ICC). While I have great respect for the Senator from Idaho, I believe it is unnecessary, damaging to the cause of international justice, and would further erode our standing with our European allies.  Even the Bush administration, which has no intention of sending the Rome treaty to the Senate for its advice and consent, opposes the Craig amendment.  Since the Rome treaty was approved over two years ago, it has been signed by more than 120 nations including all of the European Union members, all of our NATO allies except Turkey, as well as Israel, and Russia.  Joining our friends and allies, President Clinton signed the Rome treaty late last year, a decision which I wholeheartedly supported, as the ICC represents a significant step forward in bringing to justice those responsible for committing the most heinous crimes.  Throughout the negotiations on the ICC, the United States got almost everything it wanted and was able to obtain important safeguards to prevent American soldiers from being subjected to politically-motivated actions by the Court.  There is room for improving the treaty, and that is precisely why I oppose the Craig amendment. The Craig amendment would prevent our diplomats from being at the table during the ongoing Preparatory Commissions on the ICC.  While this may make some feel good, the practical effect would be self-defeating. It would put us in a far worse position to advance U.S. interests within the ICC and obtain additional protections, ensure that the safeguards we already obtained operate effectively, and make sure that the Court serves its intended purpose of prosecuting crimes against humanity.  I do support the International Criminal Court. But, again, this vote is not about whether you support it or not. We already have a prohibition against the expenditure of U.S. funds for the ``use by or support of'' the ICC, unless the U.S. ratifies the treaty, which it is not going to do any time soon.  The issue is whether we will participate in discussions on the procedures of the court, or whether we are going to tie the hands of the administration by preventing the United States from even sitting at the table.  And, both the Clinton and Bush administrations have stated that they would not submit the Treaty to the Senate for consideration.  While some may want to ``block'' the treaty, this is very unlikely to be possible. The EU is already engaged in a campaign to obtain the ratifications that are needed to reach the required number of 60.  Blocking the International Criminal Court from coming into existence is likely to require a head-to-head confrontation with our European alliesand over 80 countries outside of Europe that have signed the Treaty but not yet ratified.  Because the reality is that the Court will come into existence and have jurisdiction over non-parties, our best strategy is to remain engaged with the ICC to shape a Court that best represents our interests and values.  Irrespective of one's views on the ICC, it makes no sense to bury our heads in the sand and hope for the best. That is precisely what the Craig amendment will do and one of the major reasons why I strongly oppose it.  The other reason that I oppose the Craig amendment is the long-term harm that it could have on U.S. efforts to prosecute war criminals. Year after year, Senator McConnell and myself, alternating as chairman and ranking member of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee, have struggled to find enough money to help support the efforts of the international tribunals for the former Yugoslavia, Rwanda, and Sierra Leone.  Moreover, we may now be asked to contribute millions of dollars to support a tribunal to prosecute crimes of genocide by the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia, if the tribunal there meets international standards of justice.  The negotiations on these tribunals often takes years and involves endless wrangling over costs, over the laws and rules that will be applied to the proceedings, and over whether to even establish an ad hoc tribunal in the first place.  One of the primary goals of the ICC is to have a permanent forum to prosecute these heinous crimes wherever they may occur, and our allies have embraced the ICC for precisely this reason.  Once the ICC comes into existence, and our allies and the Security Council will no longer support establishing new ad hoc tribunals--which at that point could be unnecessary and duplicative--what will the United States do?  No longer help with the prosecution of war criminals, because we do not support the ICC? That would be ridiculous for a country whose Bill of Rights is a beacon of hope for victims of human rights abuses around the world.  Clearly, we all want to protect U.S. interests within the ICC. This amendment does not do that. In fact, it makes things worse by not even allowing our negotiators to be in the room while important issues are being discussed and could ultimately hinder our efforts to prosecute war criminals.  