President, today the Senate will pass the fiscal year 2002 appropriations bill for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education and Related Agencies--the largest of the 13 appropriations bills before Congress this year. This measure contains support for some of the most important aspects of our Nation's work such as medical research that leads to advancements in health, the education of our youth from preschool through college, assistance to the elderly and those with disabilities, and the training of workers seeking employment. While there are many noteworthy initiatives in this bill, I would like to highlight just a few that are particularly important to Vermont.  Hope for a cure for many diseases and illnesses must come through research and I am pleased that the Senate continues to work toward our goal of doubling the Federal Government's investment in the groundbreaking biomedical research conducted by the 25 Institutes and Centers that make up the National Institutes of Health. With this strong support, NIH funding for next year will increase to $23.7 billion, an increase of $3.4 billion over last year. Millions of Americans suffering from conditions ranging from Parkinson's and Alzheimer's diseases, to cancer, diabetes and heart disease, will benefit from the research undertaken by the thousands of NIH scientists, including many in Vermont, supported by this funding.  This bill establishes an Aging Initiative that takes important steps toward assisting senior citizens in Vermont and throughout America. The Initiative is designed to increase the capacity of home- and community-based services to support a high quality life for older Americans. An Interagency Task Force on Aging Programs will coordinate and provide additional support to programs that serve older Americans. Increased funding has been provided for supportive services and senior centers, long-term care ombudsmen to prevent and address the problem of elder abuse and neglect, the National Family Caregiver Support Program, elderly nutrition programs to expand home delivered meal distribution, and Alzheimer's disease research. I am confident that this effort will result in an improved quality of life for our nation's seniors, especially for those living in rural parts of our nation.  This legislation includes important funding for education that will support learning opportunities for Vermont schoolchildren of all ages. Funding for the Head Start Program, which provides comprehensive developmental education services for pre-kindergarten, low-income children, has been increased by $400 million. We have increased funding to assist low-income students who want to receive a college education. This bill will raise the maximum Pell Grant available to American college students from $3,750 to $4,000. This is the highest Pell Grant maximum in the history of the program.  We have also increased funding for our students with special education needs by $1 billion. Although this increase brings us a step closer toward meeting our responsibilities under the Individuals with Disabilities Act, we still must do more. House and Senate Conferees on the bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act currently have before them the opportunity to mandate that the federal government increase its share of special education funding to 40 percent of IDEA spending from its current level of 15 percent. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this provision. It will provide significant relief to state and local governments as they strive to pay for the quality educational services that our nation's disabled students need and deserve.  I am very pleased that the Senate has provided increased funding for the Office of Civil Rights, OCR, at the Department of Health and Human Services. OCR is responsible for the enforcement of civil rights-related provisions in health and human services programs. Earlier this year, OCR's responsibilities were vastly expanded with the release of the final medical privacy regulation by HHS. Quality enforcement of this new regulation is essential to the protection of Americans' medical privacy. This increased funding will ensure that OCR can fulfill its new medical privacy enforcement obligations without dereliction from its many other civil rights enforcement responsibilities.  Finally, I am pleased that this bill includes $1.7 billion in funds for the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program and an additional $300 million in emergency funds. LIHEAP is a critical program for citizens of states like Vermont, who endure long, cold winters. Last year LIHEAP helped nearly 18,000 Vermont families stay warm. I am concerned that demand for this program will rise dramatically this winter as the economy slows and incomes decline. I want to thank the Committee for including a significant increase in LIHEAP funding in anticipation of this great need.  This spending bill is not perfect. There are areas where increased funding is still needed. However, we have taken the right steps in many important health, education, and human service programs, and I am pleased to support a measure that provides such great benefit to Vermonters.  