But if my wife is watching this, she is going to wonder who this person is and who is coming home tonight with all these nice things you have said about me. I thank the Senator from Nevada who has helped make it possible.  He and Senator Daschle helped us get the rooms under difficult circumstances so we could have this hearing. I had the markup this morning, where we sent out, between judges and U.S. attorneys, about 18 people, virtually all of whom were there on the recommendation of Republican Senators. Because of his help, we were able to get a hearing room for this afternoon.  The point the Senator made was a good point. He mentioned the judicial nominee for Nevada. He traveled 3,000 miles to be here for a hearing, assuming, of course, we were going to have the hearing today. Those plans came before the anthrax scare and, all of a sudden, everything shut down. The Senator from Nevada, in his usual way, where he worries about everybody, it seems, came to me and said: People came this distance; can we do something to help them out? Of course, we can. We have been trying to do that to accommodate everybody.  There is one thing I find with great amusement, and that is when people say ``look at the vacancies.'' Well, that is right, Mr. President, there are vacancies. President Clinton nominated people for virtually all of those vacancies, and they were not even allowed to have a hearing, to say nothing about a vote.  It reminds me of when the same people blocked President Clinton's nominees from having a hearing or a vote, and now they say we have all these vacancies. That is like the kid who killed his parents. When he was brought into court, he said, ``Your Honor, have mercy on me, I am an orphan.''  What can we say about these vacancies? Lordy, lordy, I wish they said that last year when we had the nominees ready to go.  Having said that, I don't intend to play that kind of game. We are moving as fast as we can. I point out to Senators that we have had a few problems. The Senator from Nevada pointed out that when the Republicans controlled the Senate, they didn't hold a single hearing or confirm a single judge. They have all been done since we took over, and they are all President Bush's nominees. We have had a few things going. I wasn't given a committee until July, about 2 or 3 weeks before the August recess. That is why I had staff stay here--to hold hearings during August. We have had a couple of things going on before that committee.  I am sure nobody has forgotten what happened 5 weeks ago in this country, on September 11, with the Pentagon and the World Trade Towers. We have been drafting a massive antiterrorism bill. We were given a deeply flawed piece of legislation by the Attorney General and the White House. I have worked with them and have tried to improve it, and we have done that. So now we have something both Republicans and Democrats can support, and we are going to pass it next week. That has taken a great deal of time.  As the Senator from Nevada has pointed out several times on the floor, speaking of the various Members and staff who have worked on it, I can go home at night, but most of them stay and spend the rest of the night working on it. So a lot has been done.  My earlier reason for coming to the Chamber was to thank the Senator from Nevada, and the Senator from South Dakota, Mr. Daschle, for keeping us in today. We accomplished an enormous amount. We accomplished more than any piece of legislation written today, more than any nominee, more than anything we voted on: we demonstrated to the United States of America that the Senate is open for business. Senators are here doing their duty.  Again, I thank the Senator from Nevada for his long-term friendship and for his kind words.  I yield the floor.  