President, we do good things in this bill to help with the scourge of landmines. We do put in tens of millions of dollars to remove landmines. That is a credit to this Nation. It took a lot of effort and a lot of fighting, bipartisan efforts on the floor of the Senate to get the previous administration to do that and the current one to continue.  We do fund every year the Leahy War Victims Fund. I appreciate the honor of my Republican colleagues, who were the ones who renamed it the Leahy War Victims Fund. I appreciate the bipartisan gesture. Frankly, I wish we didn't need the fund. I suspect every Senator wishes we didn't. This is money that buys prosthetics for those who have had their arms or legs blown off by landmines.  My wife, who is a registered nurse, and I have gone to hospitals and landmine sites around the world and seen what good that does. It does help.  I see the Senator from Illinois on the floor. I don't want to take up his time, but I remember very well one day going with our distinguished leader Senator Daschle, Senator Dorgan, and our former colleague John Glenn to one of these war victims sites, run by the Vietnam Veterans of America and others. We saw people getting their first artificial limbs since the Vietnam War. Some were getting their first wheelchairs. It was a hot, muggy day. I was dressed in slacks and an open-neck shirt.  There was a man who was able to drag himself on pallet things on the ground who was finally able to get his first wheelchair. They said, why don't you go over and lift him into the wheelchair. He looked like a really small man. He had no legs. He was probably about my age. He was just looking at me stoically, staring at me. I didn't know what to expect, but I went over, picked him up, carried him, and put him in the wheelchair.  The expression never changed. But as I started to go back, he grabbed my shirt, pulled me down, and kissed me. He didn't speak the language. It was his way of saying thank you.  John Glenn, who we know is a wonderful man, certainly not an emotional man, also carried somebody to a wheelchair. I remember the emotion on his face. He said to us afterward, as we were going back on the bus to Saigon: If anybody on this trip ever complains about anything again, I am throwing you out the door of the bus, after what we have just seen.  The humanitarian part is good, but the injury is bad. We should ban these landmines. We are not going to do it on this bill. The Senator from Kentucky has worked with me shoulder to shoulder in getting money to remove landmines and for the War Victims Fund. In fact, it was his amendment I was referring to earlier that I thought was an extraordinarily generous act by my Republican colleagues in its renaming. We have done a great deal of good with it.  The United States can do a lot more good by just removing the ban on landmines.  I have imposed on the time of the Senator from Illinois, and I yield the floor.  