Mr. President, I hope when the time comes to vote this evening on the Leahy small business amendment that all Senators will vote for it. I have not heard the author of this bill, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the majority leader, or anybody else speak in opposition to it. Obviously, they can vote any way they want, but I have yet to hear anybody talk in opposition to it. The time used on the other side was not used in opposition to it.  I hope this is an indication that we will look first and foremost at small businesses, those businesses with under 25 people, to give them parity with the multibillion-dollar corporations.  When we voted last night, many said we were helping small businesses by throwing out the ergonomics rule. While I disagree on that particular rule, I do agree that small businesses should be helped. I grew up in the front of a small business store in Montpelier, VT. We lived in the front of the store. My parents had a small business in the back.  Ninety percent of the businesses in Vermont are small but then many of the businesses nationwide are small businesses. If you define them as 25 employees or less, with 5,541,000 businesses in America, nearly 5 million of them are small businesses.  What I want to do is make sure we protect small business creditors from losing out in the bankruptcy reform process. They ought to be protected.  The way the bill is written now--and I hope this was not intentional--but the way it is written puts large multibillion-dollar credit card companies ahead of hard-working small business people--farmers, ranchers, Main Street mom-and-pop stores. It puts these huge companies ahead of them in collecting outstanding debt from those who file for bankruptcy.  I do not think any one of us intended that. I do not think any one of us actually want to go back home and tell all the farmers, ranchers, and small business people in our States that we put the credit card companies ahead of them.  My amendment gives small business creditors a priority over larger businesses when it comes to distributions of the bankruptcy estate. It provides a small business creditor priority over larger for-profit business creditors.  It does not affect the bill's provisions which give top priority in bankruptcy distributions to child support and alimony payments. We already set certain priorities. We do it for alimony payments. We do it for child support. We ought to do it for our Main Street businesses and our farmers and ranchers. We ought to give them the same kind of leg up over a deep-pocket, multibillion-dollar corporation.  If a large credit card company has John Jones or Mary Smith go into bankruptcy, and they owe them, say, $3,000, and they owe the local feed store $3,000, obviously this $3,000 shows up differently on the bottom line of MasterCard than it does on the bottom line of the Jones Feed and Grain Store. It is a much bigger bite for that small store, and they ought to be given priority.  That is all I am asking for in this. I cannot imagine any small business organization that would not be supportive of this. We should actually be helping small businesses navigate the often complex and confusing bankruptcy process because they are not going to be able to afford a galaxy of lawyers and accountants. The huge companies have these people on retainer because they handle bankruptcy matters all over the place. For the small store, this may be their bottom line for the year. It may be the one bankruptcy they are trying to collect for the year, and they could be out of business as a result. They need priority just to keep pace with big business.  Small business is the backbone of our economy. In fact, I use the same definition of a small business creditor that is already in section 102 of the bill.  All I am saying is same rules, but if you are going to give priority, give the priority not to the multibillion-dollar corporation for whom this $3,000, $4,000, or $5,000 claim is nothing. Give the priority to that small store, that small company on Main Street that may have to really do something. I don't want them to have to get in line behind the huge credit card companies. For them, it may mean the difference between going out of business or not, not the difference between whether it means one one-hundred-thousandth of 1 percent.  