They pointed out that he was pro-law enforcement. The concern has been expressed and was expressed at the hearing for Judge White, concern that prompted an apology from some Republicans who had voted against Judge White, regarding the way he was basically ambushed--that is the expression that has been used--on the Senate floor. We have never had a case where a judicial nomination has been voted out of the Judiciary Committee, brought to the Senate floor, and then defeated--in this case, on a party-line vote.  What happened and what has created a great deal of concern is that here is a person who came from very humble beginnings, worked his way through law school, was considered a highly respected member of the bar in Missouri, became a justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri, and then, sort of at the pinnacle of his legal career, was nominated to be a Federal district judge. He went through the hearings in the Judiciary Committee, was voted out by the Judiciary Committee by a lopsided margin. It comes to the floor and then, in a party-line vote, is defeated.  As my friend from Oklahoma mentioned, the Missouri State Lodge of the Fraternal Order of Police indicated that on behalf of 4,500 law enforcement officers they viewed Justice White's record as a jurist as one whose record on the death penalty was far more supportive of the rights of victims than of the rights of criminals. The president of the Missouri police chiefs association described Justice White as an upright, fine individual. They had a hard time seeing that he was against law enforcement and never thought of him as pro-criminal.  One can debate a judge's position. Basically, as I said, he voted on death penalty cases 95 percent of the time with justices appointed by then-Governor Ashcroft. What bothered me and bothered a lot of Senators--and bothered Republican Senators who publicly then apologized to Judge White--was the fact that he was basically ambushed on the Senate floor.  There was testimony before our Judiciary Committee that it was not his vote on one particular case but, rather, the fact that he was made a political pawn in a Senate race. That is wrong.  We should keep the judiciary out of politics. He was dragged in and his reputation was unnecessarily besmirched. His career was damaged. All he had worked for all of his life was for naught, and it was done for political purposes.  That is what most people objected to. That was certainly what the letters indicated that I have received--including concern expressed by people who told me, first and foremost, they voted for then-Governor Bush to become President Bush but felt that this was wrong.  