President, I congratulate the nominee and her family on her nomination, confirmation and what is soon to be her appointment to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. I also commend the Senators from Louisiana for working with the committee and the majority leader and working with the President to bring this nomination forward and to have the Senate act to confirm Judge Clement.  I take special pride in this confirmation because we are finally bringing some help to the Fifth Circuit. Since 1999, Chief Judge King of the 5th Circuit has declared a state of emergency in the Circuit such that the hearing and determination of cases and controversies could be conducted by panels of three judges selected without regard to the qualification in 28 U.S.C. section 46(b) that a majority of each panel be composed of judges of the 5th Circuit.  I well recall when delays in the confirmation process over the last several years threw the 2nd Circuit into a similar emergency in March 1998, and how hard I worked to get those five vacancies filled to end that emergency in my Circuit. I am glad that we are proceeding with Judge Clement today in order to try to help the 5th Circuit.  Judge Edith Brown Clement from Louisiana was among the first nominees sent to this committee by the President. Unfortunately, in the wake of the Republican leader's objection to keeping that nomination and many others pending over the August recess, Senate rules required that her nomination be returned to the President without action as the Senate began its August recess. She was nominated again in September to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, which encompasses the States of Texas, Louisiana, and Mississippi.  This is one of the many Circuits that were left with multiple vacancies at the end of the Clinton administration. Since January 23, 1997, Judge Garwood's seat on the 5th Circuit has been vacant. Despite the fact that former President Clinton nominated Jorge Rangel to fill this vacancy in July of 1997, Mr. Rangel never receiveda hearing and his nomination was returned on October 21, 1998. On September 16, 1999, former President Clinton nominated Enrique Moreno to fill the same vacancy. Once again, the nominee did not receive a hearing.  Since April 7, 1999, the seat previously occupied by Judge Duhe of the 5th Circuit has been vacant. Although former President Clinton nominated Alston Johnson to fill that vacancy only 15 days later, on April 22, 1999, Mr. Johnson was never granted a hearing by the Judiciary Committee in 1999, during all of 2000, or during the first months of this year while his nomination was still pending.  Over the last several years I have commented on those vacancies as I urged action on the nominations of Jorge Rangel, Enrique Moreno, and Alston Johnson to fill those vacancies on the 5th Circuit. None of those nominees were ever provided a hearing or acted upon by the Senate. After 15 months without action, Mr. Rangel asked not to be re-nominated. After 15 months and two nominations, Enrique Moreno's nomination was returned to the President without action. After nearly 23 months and two nominations without action, Mr. Johnson's nomination was withdrawn by President Bush in March of 2001.  The nominations hearing for Judge Clement was the first hearing for a nominee to the 5th Circuit in 7 years--since September 14, 1994. She will likewise be the first judge confirmed to the 5th Circuit in 7 years.  Since July 2001, when the Senate was allowed to reorganize and the committee membership was set, we have maintained a strong effort to consider judicial and executive nominees. With the confirmation of Judge Clement, we reach yet additional milestone. Judge Clement is the fifth nominee to the Courts of Appeals confirmed by the Senate since July 20 this year. We have now confirmed as many Court of Appeals nominees as were confirmed during the first year of the first Bush administration and two more than were confirmed during the first year of the Clinton administration. I thank the Majority Leader, the Judiciary Committee and all Senators for their cooperation in reaching this important goal.  In addition, I note that by confirming our 18th judicial nominee, we have now confirmed more total judges this year than were confirmed in 1989, the first year of the first Bush administration. With the confirmations of Judges Armijo, Bowdre, Friot, and Wooten last week, the Senate confirmed its 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th District Court judges for the year and matched and then exceeded the number of District Court judges confirmed in 1989, which was 10.  With the confirmation of Judge Wooten last week, the Senate confirmed its 17th judge over all and matched the number of judges confirmed in all of the 1996 session. With the confirmation of Judge Clement to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit we have exceeded that total for the 1996 session. Of course, in 1996, the Senate majority at that time did not proceed on a single nominee to a Court of Appeals and limited itself to confirming only 17 judges to the District Courts.  Thus, despite all the upheavals we have experienced this year with the shifts in chairmanship and, more importantly, the need to focus our attention on responsible action in the fight against international terrorism, we have matched or beaten the number of confirmations of judges during the first year of first Bush administration and the last year of the first Clinton term.  As a judge on the Court of Appeals, Judge Clement will have a vital role to play in protecting and preserving our civil liberties in the days ahead. Our system of checks and balances requires that the judicial branch review the acts of the political branches. I trust that Judge Clement will take this responsibility seriously and will rely on our rich history of judicial precedent to make wise decisions in the challenging times ahead.  