President, I rise today to express my support for the innovative and far-reaching legislation before us, the Better Education for Students and Teachers, BEST, Act. The Senate for several weeks has been considering this reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, ESEA, which was first enacted in1965 as part of President Johnson's war on poverty. While the anchor of this law has always been title I--a program to provide support to low-income and disadvantaged students--ESEA has evolved over the past 35 years to also include important professional development, technology and after-school programs. The bill before us today makes significant changes to education policy, reflecting our commitment to make the Federal Government an effective partner in reforming the nation's public schools. We all hope these reforms will be the right ones for our children. While I do have some concerns about the commitment of the President and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to adequately fund the programs in the BEST Act, I am willing to take them at their word, to leave no child behind.  During the Senate's consideration of the BEST Act, a variety of amendments offered by Senators on both sides of the aisle have been considered. I would like to take a moment to highlight just a few of these.  First, I want to express my thanks and appreciation to the managers of this bill, Senators Kennedy and Gregg, for accepting an amendment offered by Senator Hatch and myself to re-authorize Department of Justice grants for new Boys and Girls Clubs in each of the 50 States. In 1997, I was proud to join with Senator Hatch and others to pass bipartisan legislation to authorize grants by the Department of Justice to fund 2,500 Boys and Girls Clubs across the Nation. This bipartisan amendment authorizes $60 million in Department of Justice grants for each of the next five years to establish 1,200 additional Boys and Girls Clubs across the Nation. These grants will bring the total number of Boys and Girls Clubs to 4,000 to serve 6,000,000 young people by January 1, 2007.  In my home State of Vermont, this long-term Federal commitment has enabled Vermonters to established six Boys and Girls Clubs, in Brattleboro, Burlington, Montpelier, Randolph, Rutland, and Vergennes. Indeed, Vermont's Boys and Girls Clubs received more than $1 million in Department of Justice grants since 1998. I am hopeful this amendment will ensure future funding for these successful youth programs.  Some of the most publicized and often-discussed provisions of the BEST Act are the expanded requirements for student assessment, specifically the annual testing of schoolchildren in Grades 3 through 8. The legislation will require states to establish comprehensive assessment systems in order to evaluate the achievement of their schools and students. Accountability in education is important. Parents, students, teachers, and taxpayers should know how their schools are performing. However, it is important that testing be used as a diagnostic tool in an overall assessment system and not become a reform in its own right. Tests should measure school progress based on standards that are part of a high-quality curriculum. My home State of Vermont has a fine tradition of high expectations in education and currently has in place a comprehensive framework for school standards and accountability. I am hopeful that the new role of the Federal Government outlined in the legislation before us will reinforce, not undermine, state and local efforts to improve student performance.  For small States--like Vermont--the costs associated with implementing a large-scale assessment system can be prohibitively expensive. During consideration of the BEST Act, the Senate approved two key amendments that will help lessen the burden on the States. First, the Senate overwhelmingly passed an amendment to require that the Federal Government provide at least 50 percent of the costs of developing and administering the testing requirements in the underlying bill. If the Federal Government does not provide these funds, the States will not be required to administer the tests.  Second, the Senate adopted an amendment to have the General Accounting Office conduct a study to evaluate the true costs to the States for the testing provisions. This report will be completed prior to the implementation of the Best Act's assessment requirements. If the GAO finds the costs to be higher than anticipated, the Senate should return to the issue. We must not require reform from our States--especially small States without providing the necessary resources to support those reforms. We must not set our schools and students up for failure.  In addition to these important testing-related improvements, the Senate also approved an amendment to fully fund the Federal Government's portion of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, IDEA. This is a crucial issue and one that education officials back in our home States have been pushing for--for the Federal Government to fulfill its responsibility. The Senate also agreed to authorize full-funding for the title I program, a strong reflection of our commitment to providing resources to schools that educate low-income and disadvantaged students.  While several other amendments were approved that will strengthen the BEST Act, I was pleased that the Senate rejected some proposals that would have weakened our commitment to public school education. In particular, I was pleased that the Senate rejected an amendment that would have directed public dollars to private schools. I have long had concerns about using Federal tax dollars to support private schools through vouchers. Although I support the options private schools provide for some of our Nation's youth, our primary responsibility must be to ensure that our public schools are the best they can possibly be in order to give our children the education they deserve. Rather than send precious public funds to private or religious schools, we must ensure that all public schools in the United States have the resources to provide a high quality education for all of our Nation's children.  By approving the legislation before us today, we will be taking the first step toward enacting quality education reform in our Nation's schools. The second step will come later in the year when Congress and President Bush determine the funding level for these Federal programs. In recent days many of my colleagues have spoken about the need for adequate funding for these reform efforts. I want to add my voice to that debate. Unless we commit ourselves to providing the resources necessary for States to carry out the reforms outlined in this bill, we will be doing serious harm to our children.  I will vote in support of this bill today with the belief that it will improve the educational and learning opportunities of the school children in Vermont and across the Nation. I urge my colleagues to continue our commitment to education and to provide the resources necessary to ensure that this far-reaching legislation achieves its goals.  