President, I applaud the senior Senator from New York for his statement. I note that the two Senators from New York have been in the conferences we held. They fought hard for the interests of the Northeast and the Atlantic States. It is partly because of that fight that I have to stand here today to strongly oppose another of the misguided, unbalanced, and actually archaic plans for emergency agricultural assistance.  To put it bluntly, not only for Vermont farmers but farmers throughout the Northeast and Mid Atlantic States, they receive little or no relief from this package. This package is unbalanced and unfair to my region, even when it passed the House of Representatives, and it remains unbalanced and unfair as it passes the Senate today.  Chairman Harkin's bill that passed out of the Senate Agriculture Committee recognizes the emergency assistance needs for all farmers in all States. Chairman Harkin's bill has comprehensive assistance for specialty crops, including desperately needed assistance for our Nation's apple growers. It also adds needed funding for voluntary agricultural conservation programs on private lands, programs that the President chose not to fund this year despite overwhelming needs, and in spite of critical backlogs in all 50 States.  Conservation assistance funds are critical for cash-poor farmers--especially in my region of the country--helping farm families comply with the highest water and soil quality standards to keep their farmland healthy not only for this year but for next year.  None of those comprehensive specialty crop funds, nor conservation funds, are found in the bill we just passed.  Senator Harkin's bill also added disaster assistance for the devastation caused by armyworms in New England and throughout the country. None of this assistance is in the bill we just passed.  Despite what one may hear, the bill we passed is not agricultural assistance for all farmers--not by a long shot. It is sodden with regional disparity. Those of us from the regions that have been slighted strongly believe that this has to be the last agricultural bill with such bias. It is not even fiscally responsible.  The bill sends billions of taxpayer dollars--dollars that come from farm families across the Nation--to a handful of States in the Midwest. In fact, almost $3 billion of the $5.5 billion in emergency agricultural assistance--about 50 percent of this agricultural assistance--will go to only 10 States.  I have to ask, Why? Why does my State of Vermont--a State where family farmers are in serious trouble, where low prices and poor weather conditions are forcing farmers to sell their family land--receive less than four one-hundredths of a percent of this year's emergency agricultural assistance?  Vermont farmers pay taxes, too. In fact, if assistance in this so-called agricultural emergency bill were based on the true value of Vermont's contributions to the Nation's agriculture, Vermont would receive over six times what I see in this bill.  Farmers throughout the Northeast and Mid Atlantic States pay their taxes. While those farmers produce almost 7 percent of the Nation's agricultural products, those farmers receive 1 percent of the $5.5 billion flying out these doors to the Midwest.  Look at Texas. Texas farmers are going to receive about 8 percent of the $5.5 billion--almost $400 million alone. When all is said and done, five select States in this country will each receive over $300 million for this bill. Ten States are going to get over $150 million. The rest get practically nothing.  Some may say we passed this bill to expedite funds to our Nation's farmers. I think they are speaking of only a small number of farmers in only a very small, select number of States. They should be saying a small number of farmers in a small number of select States will get one heck of a lot of money, but to make it fair every other State will be allowed to pay the bill. That is really what they are saying. All of us will pay the bill so a small number of States can get the benefit.  What bothers me is this goes on year after year after year. We have had disaster relief bills. We in the Northeast paid with our taxes a substantial part of the bill to try to help the country. But when we have had disasters I have never seen the return.  We ``expedite funds to our Nation's farmers,'' as they say. They are not talking about Vermont farmers; they are not talking New Jersey farmers, or farmers throughout the Northeast and Mid Atlantic States, or the farmers in States with specialty crops not covered in the skewed State grant formulation we took from the House bill.  We had a chance to even out the bias--at least to help all farmers in all States. As I said, we have taken an easy in irresponsible route to simply pass an unbalanced and unfair House bill. We have dismissed the true needs of specialty crop States, and we have dismissed the essential conservation programs that truly help my region's farmers. Sadly, once again, we are being left out in the cold.  In fact, for that matter, even on the basis of this we get a bum deal. We get even worse because the dairy compact was left out of it.  If you are a proponent of States rights, regional dairy compacts are the answer. They are State-initiated, they are State-ratified, and they are State-supported programs that assure a safe supply of milk for consumers.  I received a letter signed by 22 Governors, Republicans and Democrats--I believe there is even an Independent in there--who are endorsing the dairy compact bill Because it would ratify the compacts that their States have negotiated among themselves.  If you support interstate trade, regional compacts are the answer. The Northeast Dairy Compact has prompted an increase in sales of milk into the compact region from neighboring States.  If you support a balanced budget, then regional compacts are the answer. Why? Because the Northeast Compact does not cost the taxpayers a single cent, which is a lot different from some of the farm programs that are being boosted up by billions of dollars in this bill.  If you support farmland protection programs, regional compacts are the answer. In fact, that is why major environmental groups have endorsed the Northeast Dairy Compact; they know it helps preserve farmland and prevents urban sprawl. I recently received a letter from 33 environmental, conservation, and public interest membership organizations supporting the dairy compact amendment.  Lastly, of course, if we are worried about consumers, then we ought to like regional dairy compacts. Retail milk prices within the compact region are lower on average than in the rest of the Nation where they do not have a compact.  The dairy compact has done what it is supposed to do: It has stabilized widely fluctuating dairy prices; it has ensured a fair price for dairy farmers; it has made it possible for farm families to stay in business; and it has protected consumers' supplies of fresh milk.  Unfortunately, though, this is a policy debate that pits dairy farmers who go to work every single day trying tomake a living against some of the Nation's most powerful corporations. It pits consumers and communities that treasure the open space and quality of life that local dairy farming offers, against those who can spend millions of dollars on ads and lobbyists here in Washington.  We should not stay in the way of these State initiatives that protect farmers and consumers without costing taxpayers a cent.  Dairy compacts are one of those issues where Members have very strong views even though we all share the same core beliefs. We all want to support our dairy farmers and we all believe that they should be able to earn a decent living for their families. We all want ample supplies of fresh milk, at reasonable prices, for our States' consumers. Unlike agricultural commodities such as wheat, corn, and soybeans, milk is highly perishable.  When a dairy farmer brings the milk to market, that milk has to be sold right away, or it quickly loses its value. It can't be set aside in a silo. For big processors, that's just fine. They can buy milk at distressed prices and store it away to make cheese or powdered milk or ice cream. But that setup hurts farmers, who work incredibly hard just to make a living, and consumers, who want farmers around to supply fresh milk for the store shelves.  As a nation we have tried several remedies to cut through this knot, and the record is proving that regional compacts are the most sensible and workable answer yet. And unlike other legislative remedies that come with price tags, and often hefty ones, compacts cost Federal taxpayers nothing.  Milk is one of those unusual foods where the spread between what farmers get paid for their labor, and what consumers pay for the product, is huge and increasing throughout the Nation.  In New England, what farmers get paid has been fairly stable since the dairy compact began working in 1997, and that is one of its great successes. But what processors and stores charge for milk has greatly increased since 1997--not just in New England, but in the rest of the Nation. Consumer prices are lower in new England than in much of the rest of the country and that the $10,000 to $20,000 in added annual income has helped keep New England farmers in business who otherwise would have had to leave farming.  There is a hidden risk right now to consumers and farmers in New England--and the rest of the Nation. This is the growing concentration of processors in the milk industry.  In New England, Suiza Foods is rapidly trying to cinch a stranglehold on milk supplies. In some parts of New England they already control 70 to 80 percent of the fluid milk supply. They have swept in, bought processing plants in New England, and then closed them--elimiating competition.  The ascent of Suiza is nothing less than stunning. In a few short years, Suiza has gained its dominant position in the milk processing business. I showed you three charts a couple days ago showing the incredible increase in the dominance of Suiza in just a few years. Even worse, if its purchase of Dean Foods is approved, a strong case can be made that Suiza is on the verge of becoming a monopoly in the milk processing business. I have asked the Department of Justice and its Antitrust Division to closely monitor Suiza's surging market dominance, and I again call to their attention the urgency of doing that.  But equally remarkable is the fact that Suiza is also now in the process of consolidating a dominant position as the chief purchaser of milk from farmers. Simply put, in many parts of the country, Suiza Foods is the dominant customer--if it is not the only customer--for farmers' raw milk to be used for fluid processing. Suiza Foods is now dominating both the purchase and the sale of fluid milk in this country. Suiza is becoming--all at once--both a monopolist and a monopsonist in the fluid dairy marketplace.  Suiza Foods is a new type of market force. I have searched our antitrust case law for a name for this type of combined market power. There is no adequate name on the books for what Suiza has become, as I called them in a recent Judiciary hearing, and on the Senate floor, they are ``suizopolies.''  How can suppliers and consumers defend themselves from a giant firm--this Suizopoly--that controls both the purchase of a product--from thousands of suppliers with little bargaining power--and its sale to millions of consumers?  The best way is the dairy compact; it gives the public some control over access to milk, it assures fresh, local supplies of milk, and it gives farmers some ability to earn a living income.  I also want to respond to seven myths about the compact that the big processors have spent millions of dollars to promote, through years of lobbying and advertising and campaign contributions. They were trumpeting many of these myths before the compact was enacted, and they have not changed their songsheets, even though the compact has done just what it was supposed to do, proving their arguments dead wrong.  This first myth is that dairy compacts are milk taxes that hurt consumers. As you have just heard, concentration, is the major cause of consumer price increase in the milk sector.  And, a recent independent study funded by USDA determined that industry profit taking--including profit taking by Suiza--and cost increases not related to the compact, are responsible for more than 90 percent of the increase in retail prices in New England since the compact was implemented. This leaves less than three cents of a gallon of milk attributable to the compact.  A recent GAO report requested by Senator Feingold and myself says to all: It compares the prices of a gallon of 2 percent milk in Boston and Milwaukee for last year. The wholesale price of milk in Boston was $2.03. The wholesale price in Milwaukee was $2.08--five cents more than in Boston. So you would expect retail prices to be about the same for Boston, or slightly less, than for Milwaukee.  However, Suiza controls around 70 percent of the milk supply in Massachusetts and a greater amount in Boston. The average retail price listed by GAO is $2.74 in Boston for a gallon of milk but only $2.26 in Milwaukee.  Obviously, the compact does not cause the difference--the wholesale prices for Boston are lower than in Milwaukee, as the GAO makes clear.  The GAO report also shows that for most of the cities they examined, the consumer prices in the compact region were lower.  There is a myth that the dairy compact has harmed nutritional programs such as WIC, school lunch, school breakfast, and food stamps.  Wrong again. The fact is that the Compact Commission requires compensation to State WIC and school lunch programs for any potential impacts. In fact, if anything it has overcompensated the WIC program, as noted in the 1998 OMB study. A letter from the Massachusetts WIC Director says this:       The Commission has taken strong steps to protect the WIC      Program and the School Lunch program from any impacts due to      the compact. . . . Because of this, our WIC Program was able      to serve approximately 5,875 more participants with fresh      wholesome milk without added costs. . . .  The New England Compact Commission has exempted school breakfast and lunch programs from any pricing impacts due to milk price regulation.  Commissioner Kassler of Massachusetts tells me in writing that ``without the compact, this [regional New England] milk shed will dwindle and milk would be brought in from greater distances and at greater costs.'' Those greater costs have been estimated in the range of from 20 to 67 cents per gallon.  There is also a myth that dairy compacts are unconstitutional price-fixing cartels. This is my favorite example of twisted logic. I believe my opponents' argument goes something like this:       Interstate compacts would be unconstitutional if the      Constitution didn't explicitly contain a clause allowing the      creation of interstate compacts with the consent of Congress.  By operation of the compact clause, States explicitly have the opportunity to solve regional problems in this constitutionally permitted way. United States Federal courts have recognized the Northeast Dairy Compact as a constitutional exercise of congressional authority under the commerce and compact clauses of the U.S. Constitution.  There is a myth that dairy compacts are barriers to interstate trade. Dairy compacts encourage greater competition in the marketplace by preserving more family farms and increasing trade.  An OMB study concluded that trade into the compact region actually increased after implementation. And I would also point out that farmers in non-compact States, like New York, or even Wisconsin, are perfectly free to sell their milk in the compact region at compact rates. New York dairy producers are benefiting today by doing just that. Indeed, if Wisconsin were to trade places with New York, Wisconsin farmers would gain the benefit of the compact.  There is also a myth that dairy compacts encourage farmers to overproduce milk and will lead to a flood of milk in the market. The fact is that the dairy compact regulatory process includes a supply management program that helps to prevent overproduction. In 2000, the Northeast Dairy Compact States produced 4.7 billion pounds of milk, a 0.6 percent decline from 1999.  In the nearly 4 years that the compact has been in effect, milk production in the compact region has risen by just 2.2 percent. Nationally during this same period, milk production rose 7.4 percent. In Wisconsin milk production rose over 4 percent.  There is a myth that dairy compact only help bigger farms at the expense of smaller ones.  Just like most commodity programs, the compact benefits all participants. Also, 75 percent of the farms in New England have fewer than 100 cows.  The worst myth is that the dairy compact has not been successful.  The success of the Northeast Dairy Compact is undeniable.  Let me just close with this.  Mr. President, when I was a young man--actually even before my teens--I thought how much I would love being in the Senate. Why? Because every State has two Senators. A State with a large population, a powerful State such as the Presiding Officer's State, or a small, rural State such as mine each get two. The one place where every State is equal, supposedly, is in the Senate; two Senators.  I thought what a joy it would be to represent my native State of Vermont in the Senate; and it has been. I love the Senate. I have so much respect for Members on both sides of the aisle.  I think of the Senate as a place where the country can come together, where regional interests can be represented, and, of course, where States can maintain their identity, certainly, and where we have an obligation to help each other. And we have.  Whether it be earthquakes in California or floods in the Midwest or defense programs in the Southeast, and on and on, the Senators from my part of the country have supported providing assistance to those parts of the country. I could give a million different examples. But there seems to be one area where that effort to help each other always falls apart: The Northeast Mid-Atlantic States, when it comes to agriculture disaster programs.  We are always there. We are like the fire brigade that answers the call in the middle of the night. We show up all the time, show up all the time to protect those other ``houses.'' It would kind of be nice if, just once, when it is our ``house'' on fire, some of those we have helped throughout the years could come and maybe help us put out the fire. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  