President, I have tried over the last several weeks to improve this bankruptcy legislation through the legislative process. We were able to have an informative hearing and a productive Committee markup. Unfortunately, the Committee did not provide a Committee report to inform other Senators of what was good about the bill and what prompted eight members of the committee to vote against it.  This important matter was, instead, rushed to the floor last week. Last Monday we began debating the bill, but on Tuesday, the first day the bill was open to amendment, the Republican leadership abandoned work on the bill. Instead, the Republican leadership chose to shift the Senate's attention to overriding the ergonomics rule that had been developed by the Department of Labor over the past decade.  On Wednesday we returned to the bankruptcy bill but beginning on Thursday and carrying through until Tuesday of this week, the main focus of the debate were the competing budgetary amendment on providing a lockbox for Medicare. That too is an exceedingly important topic and one on which a majority of the Senate voted to adopt the Democratic lockbox proposal.  That proposal is not in the bill because after the vote the Republican side invoked the Budget Act and the chair ruled that the amendment, although supported by a majority of the Senate was not consistent with the technical requirements of the Budget Act. That debate was a major disruption in our efforts to otherwise improve the bankruptcy bill.  Beginning last Wednesday and continuing through today I have offered amendments to improve the bill and urged others with amendments to do the same. There has never been an effort to filibuster this debate or this bill. The only threat of a filibuster I can recall is when the Republican chairman of the Banking Committee spoke against certain amendments.  That threat was overcome and with the commitment of Senator Grassley and the cooperation of Senator Hatch, we were able to obtain votes on the Schumer predatory lending amendment and in relation to the Durbin amendment. I thank both Senator Grassley and Senator Hatch for their cooperation in this regard. In fact, once the Senate had an opportunity to consider it, we voted to adopt the Schumer amendment.  Despite the lack of a filibuster threat or a filibuster, the Republican Senate leadership filed a cloture petition on Monday afternoon. There was no need for cloture then or on Wednesday when, with the support of the Senate leadership, cloture was invoked. I voted against cloture. I voted against it because I reject the use of cloture as a time management tool. I believe that cloture is properly reserved in the Senate to those circumstances where unreasonable delay or a filibuster are interfering with the work of the Senate.  Unfortunately, over the last 6 years the Republican leadership has abused the cloture process to avoid considering amendments and to interfere with the Senate doing its work. In my view, the invocation of cloture this week on this bill was unnecessary and unfortunate. It signals a retreat from the progress shown by Senate adoption of S. Res. 8 in January and threatens a return to the dark days of the last few Congresses when cloture became a regular instrument, rather than the last resort, of Senate leadership.  Through the legislative process, through our hearing and Judiciary Committee markup and by means of amendments being adopted on the Senate floor, we have made some progress. It is sufficient for me to support the bill.  I had hoped and worked for a more open process. I wanted to be able to moderate the bill, improve it and be able to support it. I supported the bankruptcy bill that passed the Senate 97 to one in the 105th Congress.  I even supported the bankruptcy bill that passed the Senate in the last Congress given the progress we showed during Senate consideration and in hopes that we would be able to continue to improve the bill in cooperation with the House. I vote for this bill in that same spirit--to move the process forward and improve our legislative product. Unfortunately, last year the conference that resulted was under the auspices of the Foreign Relations Committee and not the Judiciary Committee and the product that resulted was changed and tilted too harshly against American consumers and working people. That was the modified bill that I voted against last year, that was the bill the President vetoed, and that was the bill that was the basis for S. 220 and S. 420 this year.  I am encouraged that we have included some privacy protection in the bill. The Leahy-Hatch amendment adopted by the Judiciary Committee to deal with the Toysmart.com-type situation and customer information of bankrupt companies is a good start. It is something I have worked on for some time and thank Senator Hatch for his joining with me in that effort.  I am pleased that we were also able to add some protection today forshielding the identity of children whose names appear in bankruptcy records. By a vote of 99 to none, the Senate agreed to adopt our amendment. I thank Senator Hatch for joining with me in that effort, as well.  I filed amendments to do more to enforce financial privacy laws and protections. Unfortunately, the bill still falls short in this regard.  I am encouraged that we have made progress in assuring access to health clinics. Senator Schumer is to be commended for his steadfast efforts in this regard. The Schumer-Leahy amendment that the Senate adopted by a bipartisan vote with 80 Senators in favor last year was dropped in S. 220 and S. 420. I again want to commend Senator Hatch for working with Senator Schumer to include a modified version of Senator Schumer's amendment in the bill.  I am encouraged that the Senate beat back an attempt to table the Kohl-Feinstein amendment and their sensible cap on the homestead exemption has been included in the bill. Throughout the debate Republican supporters have indicated that a key outstanding issue is the homestead exemption cap. That question was answered today when the Senate adopted the Kohl-Feinstein amendment today.  I was pleased that we adopted the Bingaman LIHEAP amendment, which I cosponsored, and the Carnahan energy cost amendment.  I am pleased that the Leahy amendment on separate spouses to protect battered women was adopted by a bipartisan majority of Senators and I thank them.  I am encouraged that we were able to make other improvements in the measures included in the managers' package. We started work on that package last Friday. Unfortunately Republican delay prevented its adoption before the cloture vote on Wednesday.  I regret that we have not made the progress that we should have, and that we have made in the past, in terms of providing consumers with greater disclosures and protections to help them avoid overextending their credit and consumption.  Early in the debate I took the bill's supporters at face value when they argued that we need this bill to help small businesses. Those claims began this debate and were repeated today. In between I gave them the chance to shown that they meant it by voted for a small business amendment that would have allowed small businesses, as already defined in the bill, priority over large corporate creditors. That amendment was unfortunately, and in my view unwisely, rejected.  We have also heard claims from the outset of this debate and through today that the bill is needed to address the $500 a family ``tax'' that bankruptcy abuse loads onto each American family. I have been asking how this bill benefits the average American family and where that ``tax refund'' is achieved. I have heard only silence from the other side. I have noted in this year's debate and in debates past that billions of dollars in benefits that are expected to flow to credit card companies and other large corporate creditors, hundreds of millions to individual companies.  What I have been asking is where this bill or those corporations' practices will pass those benefits on ordinary Americans. Again, I have heard only silence. In fact, the benefits of this bill will flow to the profits of those large corporate interests. There is no provision in this bill to lower annual fees for credit cards, for example. There is no provision to lower interest rates for consumers. If this bill will benefit creditors to the tune of $5 billion or over the next several years, then why have then made no commitment to pass those benefits through to their customers and American consumers?  Instead, what this bill does is require American taxpayers through our taxpayer-financed bankruptcy courts to assist creditors in their debt collection efforts and requires consumers to do more paperwork and confront more rules and hurdles and government bureaucracy to file for bankruptcy.  I will continue to work in good faith with Chairman Hatch, Senator Grassley, Senator Sessions, Senator Biden and others who strongly support S.420.  I will continue to work through the legislative process to improve this measure, to add balance, moderation and fairness. I hope to be able to support the final legislative product after a productive conference. I trust that this Congress, the Senate conferees will support the Senate position where we have made improvements to the bill and not so easily abandon those advancements in our discussions with our House counterparts. Had we done that in the 105th Congress, three years ago, we would already have a reformed bankruptcy law. Unfortunately, that was not the position of Republican Senate conferees in those days.  I commend all Senators on both sides of the aisle who have worked so hard this year to improve this bill. I commend those who have participated in our debates and discussions. I especially appreciate the help I received in managing this bill from Senator Schumer, who consented to manage from time to time when I could not and who is the Ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Subcommittee of jurisdiction, and Senator Reid, who remains a great help in some many ways on so many matters. I congratulate Senator Schumer, Senator Kohl, Senator Feinstein, and Senator Feingold for the improvements they have been able to make. I thank Senator Hatch for his courtesy to Senator Durbin on his alternative amendment and thank Senator Grassley for his courtesy to Senator Schumer with respect to his predatory lending amendment. I thank Senator Biden for his support of our efforts to have this matter considered by the Judiciary Committee.  I thank the staffs of all Senators who participated in this debate for their hard work and, in particular, the staffs of Senators Kennedy, Biden, Kohl, Feinstein, Feingold, Schumer, Durbin, Daschle, and Reid and the staffs of Senators Hatch, Grassley and Sessions. In particular, I want to thank the following staff: Makan Delrahaim, Renee Augustine, Rita Lari, Kolan Davis, Ed Haden, Melody Barnes, Jim Greene, Victoria Bassetti, Jeff Miller, David Hantman, Tom Oscherwitz, Jennifer Leach, Bob Schiff, Ben Lawsky, Natacha Blain, Jim Williams, Mark Childress, Jonathan Adelstein, Eddie Ayoob, Peter Arapis, Liz McMahon, and Greg Cota. I appreciate the exceptional work of my counsel Ed Pagano, who has labored long and hard to help improve this bill.  Although bankruptcy filing had been going down over the last two years, I have seen recent reports that link this bill with an expected rise in such filings. Unfortunately, the effect of House passage of its bill has been to generate fear in the public that people had better file for bankruptcy now rather than wait for the harsh and onerous new burdens contemplated in that bill and, unfortunately, in the Senate bill. I can understand if bankruptcy lawyers feel an obligation to advise their clients of the possibility that the terms and paperwork and costs of filing for bankruptcy may soon change.  Indeed, a principal reason Senator Feinstein successfully opposed the Wyden-Smith amendment was a similar argument with respect to California utilities--that a prospective change in the law would force them into premature and possibly unnecessary bankruptcies.  In much the same way that the Bush administration's talk about weakness in the economy has served to drive the market down, shatter consumer confidence and contribute to a further weakening, this drive for exacting requirements of those on the brink of insolvency seems to be accelerating bankruptcy filings and contributing to the economic downturn. That is an immediate and unfortunate byproduct of this effort.  Perhaps it is appropriate that we end this phase of the debate today, on March 15. It is on this day that we are reminded to beware the Ides of March. There remains much about this bill that counsels caution. Unless it is further moderated and balanced in discussions between the Houses or at the insistence of the President, enactment of a bill like the one the Senate is voting on today will be the start of a process that will likely consume several years.  Just as the overreaching that occurred in so-called immigration reform and welfare reform and telecommunications reform have required us to revisit those matters and still require corrections, so, too, the bankruptcy bill as currently constituted will resultin hardships and consequences that will require us to return to these matters again and again in the days, months and years ahead.  In addition, I expect we will be hearing more about this bill and the lobbying efforts and the contributions by the bill's corporate beneficiaries as soon as next week, when campaign finance reform is debated.  