 I had the honor of serving for 8 years on the Senate Intelligence Committee, where I was vice chairman. I have enormous regard for the current chairman and vice chairman of the committee. I have also served as both ranking member and chairman of the Judiciary Committee.  As I listened to the debate, something sounded familiar. Indeed, this amendment was raised during the debate in preparation of the antiterrorism bill that the Congress passed and the President signed last month. There was no enthusiasm for it from Republicans or Democrats. We looked at it, the White House looked at it, and the Justice Department looked at it. None of us were interested in including it in what became the USA Patriot Act.  The idea of having a quasi-secret court, and making only limited evidence available to the defendant, as is true under existing law, is constitutionally questionable enough. But to say that we will not tell the defendant any of the evidence against him in the court, as Senator Smith proposes, is the kind of thing we rail against when other countries do it. Our government officials have gone all the way to the head of state level to register complaints when Americans have been held in other countries without being informed of the charges against them. Every President I have known has been forced at one time or another to raise such issues with another head of state. We should not make this task more difficult by approving of the amendment Senator Smith has offered here.  Let us look at a little bit of history. The Alien Terrorist Removal Court was created in 1996. It was done largely through the efforts of Senators Hatch and Dole. It exists to provide a way for the Government to remove terrorist aliens whom it believes it cannot attempt to remove through public hearings, to balance the Government's needto maintain its existing intelligence sources while giving some rights to the accused.  Under the law as it presently exists, the accused does not see the actual evidence against him but does receive an unclassified summary of that evidence. The law states very clearly that that unclassified summary has to be ``sufficient to enable the alien to prepare a defense.''  Under the amendment that Senator Smith has presented, an alien accused of being a terrorist would receive no information about the basis of the charges against him, not even the limited summary provided in existing law.  If we were to pass something of this nature, there is no way the President of the United States or the Secretary of State or the Attorney General could go to any other country holding an American on undisclosed evidence and demand to see that evidence. That nation could simply say that it is doing what the United States, the country seen as the bulwark of freedom, is doing, the United States that has had a written Constitution that has survived for all these years. The U.S. Constitution, as written and interpreted over the last two centuries, makes it clear that the government cannot bring somebody into a court and say: ``We have all this information against you, but we are not going to tell you what it is. Are you guilty of what we have against you? I am not going to tell you what it is we have against you, but I want to know, are you guilty or not? And, if you are not guilty, then defend yourself against these charges we have brought. Sorry, you can't see the charges. Sorry, you can't hear the evidence. Sorry, we can't let you know what is going on. But we will give you a chance to defend yourself.''  It doesn't quite work that way. Anybody in this body who has been either a prosecutor or defense attorney, on either side, would not want that.  The distinguished Presiding Officer knows as well as any Senator here the terrible nature of September 11. Her State was impacted in a horrible way, as were the surrounding States of New Jersey and Connecticut, just as the State of Virginia has been horribly harmed by the attack on the Pentagon. Nobody has stated the horror, the anger, and the feelings left in the wake of the September 11 attacks in a more articulate way than the distinguished Presiding Officer. We all share those feelings. But nobody here has ever suggested that we somehow abandon all our laws, all our rules, our Constitution and everything we stand for, the very democracy that got the terrorists to attack us. In effect, we would say, ``We surrender.''  The Senator from New York, the Senator from Vermont, the Senator from Florida, all 100 of us--none of us is about to surrender. We understand there is a problem with terrorism. I suspect throughout my lifetime we will face threats. But let's answer the threats in the ways that comport with what our constitutional history and our history as a nation.  The Alien Terrorist Removal Court has not been used, but that is not because an unclassified summary has to be provided to the defendant. The Justice Department talked to us about why the court is not being used, and did not mention this. When the Department was given the opportunity to consider this amendment at the time of the terrorism bill, it did not want it. I suspect that this lack of interest is related to concerns within the Justice Department about constitutional challenges to the court itself, as it is formulated under existing law. Surely the Justice Department knows that if we approve this amendment those constitutional challenges will basically be irrefutable.  We provide substantial new powers to the Justice Department with regard to terrorist aliens through the antiterrorism legislation we just passed, legislation I voted for, the distinguished senior Senator from Florida voted for, his colleague, the other Senator from Florida voted for; the distinguished Presiding Officer voted for it--98 of us voted for it. That legislation should make it easier for the Justice Department to use this court.  But as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I could never support this amendment, which has already been rejected once by the administration and by Republicans and Democrats who negotiated the antiterrorism bill. I certainly could not accept it absent any showing of why it is needed.  I say to my friend from Florida, the distinguished chairman, that I have no problem calling upon the administration to notify the Judiciary Committee if it really believes a change in the law is needed. The administration did not believe this a couple of weeks ago. But if the Attorney General now believes he needs something such as this, I will be glad to hold hearings on the issue and bring his concerns forward. But to do something of such constitutional magnitude in an amendment on the floor, without any hearings in the Judiciary Committee or Intelligence Committee, is simply inappropriate.  Madam President, we need to go back to basic constitutional law 101 here. The idea of giving the government the ability to bring removal proceedings against someone and force him to defend himself without telling him of the evidence against him flies in the face of all of our principles.  We must not tell the rest of the world that the only way we can defend ourselves is to accuse somebody but not tell him what the evidence is against him. Back in the 1700s, we fought a revolution to ensure a much different principle. All of us share the terror of what happened. All of us are opposed to terrorists. All of us want to defend the United States. But we must not let our enthusiasm to defend our Nation lead us to do things that will hurt us further.  Frankly, I would be delighted to have the Attorney General take a look at Senator Smith's amendment and see what he thinks. But I tell my friend from Florida that I certainly do not support this amendment, because the constitutional questions raised are of such enormous magnitude. To do so without any request from the administration and without any hearings would not be a responsible action for this body to take.  I yield the floor.  