This is a bipartisan bill, I am joined today by Senators Brownback, Kennedy, Collins, Durbin, Jeffords, and Graham. I am grateful for the support of the Chairman and Ranking Member of the immigration subcommittee.  In 1996, I introduced an amendment to the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act, ``IIRIRA'', that would have authorized the use of expedited removal only at times of immigration emergencies. The bill we introduce today is modeled on that proposal. That amendment passed the Senate with bipartisan support, but was omitted from the bill that was reported out of a partisan, closed conference. As a result, expedited removal took effect on April 1, 1997. America's historic reputation as a beacon for refugees has suffered as a consequence, and it is long past time to restore it.  Expedited removal allows INS inspections officers summarily to remove aliens who arrive in the United States without travel documents, or even with facially valid travel documents that the officers merely suspect are fraudulent, unless the aliens utter the magic words `political asylum' upon their first meeting with American immigration authorities. This policy is fundamentally unwise and unfair, both in theory and in practice, and its efficacy and fairness has come under increasing criticism.  First, expedited removal ignores the fact that many deserving asylum applicants are forced to travel without papers. For example, victims of repressive governments often find themselves forced to flee their homelands at a moment's notice, without time or means to acquire proper documentation. Or a government may systematically strip refugees of their documentation, as the Serbian government did in Kosovo in 1999.  Second, expedited removal places an undue burden on refugees, and places too much authority in the hands of low-level INS officers. Refugees typically arrive at our borders ragged and tired from their ordeals, and often with little or no knowledge of English. Our policy forces them to undergo a secondary inspection interview with an INS officer without expertise in asylum and with the power to deport them on the spot, subject only to a supervisor's approval. By law, anyone who indicates a fear of persecution or requests asylum during this interview is to be referred for an interview with an asylum officer. But no safeguards exist to guarantee that this happens, and the secondary inspection interviews generally take place behind closed doors with no witnesses. Indeed, this interview often becomes unduly confrontational and intimidating. As the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights has documented, refugees are detained for as long as 36 hours, are deprived of food and water, and are often shackled. If they are lucky, they will be provided with a competent interpreter. If they are unlucky, they will receive no interpreter at all, an interpreter with extraordinarily limited knowledge of their language, or even an interpreter who works for the airline owned by the government that they claim is persecuting them. Such a system is a betrayal of our ideals, and we need to reform it.  I was heartened to hear James Ziglar, the President's choice to head the INS, criticize expedited removal at his confirmation hearing. He said: ``I definitely think we need to change the process where asylum-seekers come here, to make sure that we know who these people are and what their claims are and whether they're legitimate before we turn around and put them on a plane back to an uncertain future.'' I could not agree more with Mr. Ziglar, and I look forward to working with him on this issue.  I was also moved by the recent words of Theodore McCarrick, the new Archbishop of Washington, in a July 22 op-ed in the Washington Post. Archbishop McCarrick described how expedited removal forces potential asylum seekers arriving on our shores ``to immediately articulate their fear of return'' or be ``subject to immediate deportation without any recourse to the legal system.'' He wrote: ``Those who come to our shores and request asylum should be given a chance to make their case before a qualified asylum officer and immigration judge. The Refugee Protection Act to be considered by Congress would reform the U.S. asylum system appropriately and should be enacted.''  The Archbishop described the case of Ditron, an ethnic Albanian from Kosovo who fled from the Milosevic government in early 1998 and made it all the way to Newark International Airport, where he tried to gain asylum. But the language barrier prevented him from communicating his fear of returning to Kosovo to the INS inspector, and he was put on a plane and deported under expedited removal. We only know about his story because he was somehow able to make it back to the United States a second time, and his application for asylum is now pending. But such a 50 percent success ratio is simply unacceptable for this Nation.  I became aware of another very disturbing case last summer. A domestic violence victim from the Dominican Republic fled to the United States. The INS believed that she had been a victim and that her life would be endangered if she were returned to her native country. Nonetheless, she was ordered deported under expedited removal because the INS officers who interviewed her took it upon themselves to make a legal determination that victims of domestic violence were ineligible for asylum on that ground. It is bad enough that these officers decided their responsibilities in implementing expedited removal went so far as interpreting U.S. asylum law. Even worse, they got the law wrong. Although a recent Board of Immigration Appeals decision had indicated that domestic violence victims could not gain asylum here, that decision was under review at the time and was later vacated by then-Attorney General Janet Reno. Luckily, a number of Members of Congress intervened in the case and the INS did not deport this woman, who has since been granted asylum. But had her case not been brought to our attention by the Lawyers' Committee for Human Rights, she would likely have become a silent victim of the expedited removal process.  Another expedited removal horror story came to our attention just last week. Libardo Yepes Holguin fled Colombia last November after his life was threatened by the paramilitary forces involved in the civil war there. When he arrived at Miami International Airport, he told the INS inspectors that he feared being returned to Colombia and that he wanted to seek asylum. He was nonetheless put on a plane back to Colombia, where his life was again threatened. He managed to escape again, and this time entered the United States by crossing a river from Mexico. He was seized by INS officers and has been detained in Texas since May. The INS is currently attempting to remove Mr. Yepes Holguin based on the prior removal order entered against him in Miami last fall, despite his sworn testimony that his repeated requests to apply for asylum were ignored.  Finally, and most shockingly, expedited removal has even been used against U.S. citizens. Sharon McKnight, a 35-year old U.S. citizen with the mental capacity of a 5-year old, returned to the United States last June from a trip to visit her grandfather in Jamaica. INS inspectors did not believe she was a citizen, wrongly questioning the authenticity of her U.S. passport and dismissing as fake the birth certificate presented by her waiting relatives that showed she was born on Long Island. She was held overnight in a room at the airport, handcuffed and with her legs shackled to a chair. During the entire time she was at the airport she was given nothing to eat and was not allowed to use the restroom. Ms. McKnight was put on a plane back to Jamaica, denied entrance to her own country because of expedited removal. Although immigration officials realized their mistake eventually and allowed her to return, any system that permits such ``mistakes'' is sorely in need of reform. Forher part, Ms. McKnight has said: ``They treated me like an animal--I will have nightmares all my life.''  These stories, just four of the many stories demonstrating the human cost of expedited removal, go a long way toward showing the inhumanity of the new immigration regime that Congress imposed in 1996. But refugees and U.S. citizens are not the only people affected by expedited removal. Human rights groups have also documented numerous cases where people traveling to the United States on business, with proper travel documents, have been removed based on the so-called ``sixth sense'' of a low-level INS officer who suspected that their facially valid documents were fraudulent. In other words, the damage done by expedited removal also threatens the increasingly international American economy, if businesspeople from around the world are treated disrespectfully at our ports of entry, they are likely to take their business elsewhere.  But perhaps the most distressing part of expedited removal is that there is no way for us to know how many deserving refugees have been excluded. Because secondary inspection interviews are conducted in secret, we typically only learn about mistakes when refugees manage to make it back to the U.S. a second time, like Ditron, or when they are deported to a third country they passed through on their way to the U.S., like Mr. Thevakumar. This uncertainty should lead us to be especially wary of continuing this failed experiment.  As I said, my bill would limit the use of expedited removal to times of immigration emergencies, defined as the arrival or imminent arrival of aliens that would substantially exceed the INS' ability to control our borders. The bill gives the Attorney General the discretion to declare an emergency migration situation, and the declaration is good for 90 days. During those 90 days, the INS would be authorized to use expedited removal against people coming from a nation whose crisis has given rise to the emergency migration situation. The Attorney General can extend the declaration for further periods of 90 days, in consultation with the House and Senate Judiciary Committees.  This framework allows the government to take extraordinary steps when a true immigration emergency threatens our ability to patrol our borders. At the same time, it recognizes that expedited removal is an extraordinary step, and is not an appropriate measure under ordinary circumstances.  This bill also provides safeguards that will guarantee refugees some due process rights, even during immigration emergencies. First, aliens would be given the right to have an immigration judge review a removal order, and would have the opportunity both to speak before the immigration judge on their own behalf and to be represented at the hearing at their own expense. To make these rights meaningful, immigration officers would be required to inform aliens of their rights before they are removed or withdraw their application to enter the country. This provision takes away from INS inspectors the unilateral, and prior to 1997, unprecedented, power to remove an alien from the United States.  Second, this bill reforms the procedures used to determine whether an applicant who seeks asylum has a credible fear of persecution. If an asylum officer determines that an applicant does not have a credible fear of persecution, the applicant will now have a right to a prompt review by an immigration judge. The applicant will have the right to appear at that review hearing and to be represented, at the applicant's expense.  Even those asylum seekers who are found to have a credible fear of persecution and thus escape expedited removal move on to another troubled system. Under current law and practice, they are often detained in INS detention facilities or in local jails where the INS rents space. In other words, these men and women who have fled persecution in their native lands are all too often treated like common criminals. We need to do something to solve this problem as well, and the Refugee Protection Act attempts to do so.  As a young girl in Zaire, now the Democratic Republic of Congo, Adolphine Mwanza lived in a convent and was studying to be a nun. Her family was known to be opposed to the corruption of the ruling Mobutu regime. Her brother was killed, and she was kidnapped, tortured, and raped. She escaped from the country and fled to the United States in November 1999 on a Zambian passport. She was sent to an INS detention facility in Elizabeth, New Jersey, where she was found to have a credible fear of persecution. But despite the fact that she had volunteer attorneys from the New York University Law School clinic, and a Roman Catholic convent had agreed to house and support her, her request for parole from detention was denied by the INS. She was held in a detention facility for eight months, until she was granted aslyum.  This is senseless. We should not detain people whom our own government has found to be likely candidates for asylum as if they were awaiting a criminal trial. Moreover, the cost to the government to detain someone like Adolphine Mwanza for eight months cannot be justified. And she is not alone. Many asylum seekers are detained for more than a year even though there are family members or nongovernmental organizations that are willing to house them and ensure that they appear for their asylum hearing.  The Refugee Protection Act would clarify that the Attorney General has the option to parole asylum seekers, and would add language to existing law to say that it is the policy of the United States not to detain asylum seekers who have been found to have a credible fear of persecution. It also instructs the Attorney General to promulgate regulations to authorize and promote the use of alternatives to the detention of asylum seekers, such as paroling them to private nonprofit voluntary agencies. For those who would still be detained, the bill would guarantee access to legal and religious services. It would also ensure that they are only detained in INS facilities or in contract facilities that contain only immigration detainees asylum seekers would no longer be housed alongside criminals in county jails. In addition, asylum seekers would have the right to have an asylum officer make a determination about whether they should be paroled from detention, and to have an immigration judge review that determination.  These changes will reduce the use of detention against asylum seekers, offer them fundamental due process rights, and improve the conditions of their confinement in those cases where detention is appropriate. These are crucial steps, and we should act on them as quickly as possible.  Finally, this bill includes three additional provisions. First, it would eliminate the one-year deadline for asylum applicants that was imposed in 1996. By definition, worthy asylum applicants have arrived in the United States following traumatic experiences abroad. They often must spend their first months here learning the language and adjusting to a culture that in many cases is extraordinarily different from the one they know. Therefore, although I can understand the desire to have asylum seekers submit timely applications, the existing one-year rule does not make sense.  Second, the bill would eliminate the existing annual limit on the number of people who have been granted asylum who can become legal permanent residents. Once we have decided that someone is worthy of asylum, we should not delay their adjustment into American society. These are people who have chosen the United States because of its ideals and its freedoms, in other words, they are exactly the sort of people we would want to become citizens. We need to eliminate the backlogs that prevent them from starting that process by getting their green cards. This bill will do that.  Third, the bill eliminates the annual limit on the number of refugees who may be admitted or granted asylum because they are subject to persecution for resistance to coercive population control methods. Under current law, only 1000 people can be accepted to the United States in any year for that reason. Americans are united in their opposition to forced sterilization and abortion, and we should not place an artificial limit on the number of people fleeing from such policies that we will accept.  This bill has received the support of a wide variety of civil rights and religious groups, with a coalition of over50 groups, from the Lawyers' Committee for Human Rights to the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society to the Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service, endorsing it. And even before it has been introduced it has been the subject of favorable editorials or op-eds in the Washington Post, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, San Francisco Chronicle, San Diego Union-Tribune, Newark, Star-Ledger, Arizona Republic, Baltimore Sun, Minneapolis Star-Tribune, San Antonio Express-News, South Florida Sun-Sentinel, Oakland Tribune, Buffalo News, Bangor, ME., Daily News, and Harrisburg, PA., Patriot-News. Meanwhile, the immigration subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee has already heard testimony this year about the inherent unfairness of our current expedited removal and detention policies from people who went through those systems before being granted asylum. I hope that the momentum this bill already has will lead to prompt consideration by the Senate.  Even in 1996, a year in which immigration was as unpopular in this Capitol as I can remember, this body agreed that expedited removal was inappropriate for a country of our ideals and our historic commitment to human rights. And that agreement cut across party lines, as many of my Republican colleagues voted to implement expedited removal only in times of immigration emergencies. I urge them, as well as my fellow Democrats, to support this legislation and to work for its prompt passage.  