President, we are going to have a series of votes on nominees, all of whom went through the Judiciary Committee this morning. Mr. Riley was the subject of nomination hearings before the Judiciary Committee on July 24. That was the fourth of five nomination hearings I scheduled in less than 3 weeks the Senate Judiciary Committee was allowed to have such hearings. Mr. Riley's was the fourth judicial nomination, the second nominee to a Court of Appeals considered by the Judiciary Committee since that date.  I mention this because the Senate Judiciary Committee, in the less than 4 weeks we have been allowed to have a full committee, has probably moved through judicial nominations faster than at any time in the past several years.  We will also have nominations of a Department of Justice nominee, also voted on this morning. The most important of all of these, I believe, is the nomination of Robert Mueller to be Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. We received his paperwork and completed it on July 24. We are now at August 2, again probably a speed record, to get this nomination before the Senate for confirmation. I thank the Senators on both sides of the aisle for making it possible to move that rapidly.  Mr. Mueller served as a Federal prosecutor in three different U.S. attorneys' offices, main Justice, in both Republican and Democratic administrations. He testified he either personally prosecuted or supervised the prosecution of just about every type of Federal criminal offense, including homicide, drug trafficking, organized crime, cybercrime, major fraud, civil rights, and environmental crime.  Mr. Mueller answered some very searching questions of Members on both sides of the aisle.  I think all of us have enormous respect for so many of the men and women in the FBI. They are the best trained and best motivated law enforcement agents anywhere in the world.  Many of us share also the concern that some within the hierarchy of the FBI let them down as a result of the problems with Waco, Ruby Ridge, the Hanssen spy case, and the foul-ups in the FBI lab.  I thought that whoever the next Director was owed it to all the wonderful men and women in the Bureau to make it better. I am convinced Robert Mueller can. I told him we were expediting his nomination, we were moving his nomination faster than any nominee has ever moved for such a prominent position, whether it has been a Republican President or Democratic President. It is because of our faith in him. We know he has a difficult job ahead of him.  I told him that all Americans look forward to his making sure the FBI is the preeminent law enforcement agency in the world and that he has the faith, and the hope, of 100 Senators. All 100 of us have an awesome responsibility. We represent a quarter of a billion people, and we have to make the judgment: Is the President's choice the best person?  I believe it is. I have that faith in him. I have the faith that Attorney General Ashcroft has done a very good job in his work, and I applaud Attorney General Ashcroft for what he has done. I applaud President Bush for his appointment. We will move forward on that.  Mr. President, the Senators from Nebraska made a powerful statement on behalf of William Riley of Nebraska to serve as a judge for the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. That is one of the reasons it moved so quickly. I see the former Governor of Nebraska, now a distinguished colleague in this Chamber, former Governor Nelson and now-Senator Nelson. I yield to Senator Nelson.  