I knew him before in his other capacities, such as Secretary of the Navy. I have cherished, at home, a souvenir from the bicentennial year which I received from him. He has been a man to whom I have gone for counsel on a number of issues. I refer to him as my Senator away from home because I spend the week in Virginia when we are in session.  He and I, of course, disagree on this nomination. I understand he stated his strong views on it. I have stated mine. I promised two things to both the then President-elect and Senator Ashcroft. I promised them two things when they called me to tell me they were going to nominate him: No. 1, that there would be questions, tough questions, but I would conduct a fair hearing. I believe I did. The nomination actually came to the Senate Monday of this week, the official papers. We are moving to go forward with this. Everybody in the Senate knows approximately how the vote will come out.  I tell the Senator from Virginia of a conversation I had. As he can imagine, prior to my announcing my opposition to Senator Ashcroft, I called Senator Ashcroft to tell him what I was going to say and notified the White House what I was going to say. But I suggested one thing. I don't think I divulge any confidence with Senator Ashcroft who spoke about what he has gone through. It might have been the same thing the Senator from Virginia said. I suggested what he do after he is sworn in is that he meet quietly and privately with a number of Senators and House Members of both parties--those who have an interest in law enforcement issues, interests that affect the Justice Department--meet on a private, off-the-record basis, hear their suggestions or their criticisms, and vice versa. He assured me that he would.  He asked me also if I would be willing to help bring Members who had voted against him or spoken against him to those meetings. I assured him I would do that, too. The Senator from Virginia makes a good point.  I think the debate is good. I hope Senators on both sides of the aisle will listen to the debate.  Again, I use this opportunity to mention one more time how much I have enjoyed the friendship and the wise counsel of my friend from Virginia.  