President, my good friend from Arizona, Senator Kyl, had mentioned me by name on several occasions during his remarks. I will take a moment to respond to two of the points of the distinguished Senator from Arizona.  First, he said we somehow put Senator Ashcroft in an impossible catch-22 situation where, if he promises to enforce the law, it is described as a confirmation evolution or a metamorphosis. I think that is a significant oversimplification of what the record shows.  I had the record here yesterday. It is well over 2 feet high in just the questions and answers.  It also oversimplifies what the job of the Attorney General is. It is not simply to enforce the law. Nobody questions the fact that if you have some terrible crime--Oklahoma City, for example--whoever is the Attorney General will enforce the law and bring down the full force of the majesty of the law of this country regarding something that heinous. In airplane hijacking, assassination, any one of these things where the Attorney General gets involved in making decisions of who gets prosecuted, what the penalties are, nobody questions, no matter who is Attorney General, instituting the full force of that law.  However, it is the discretionary areas that are troublesome. Many Members in this body have been prosecutors. We know everybody who is an Attorney General, a district attorney, is faced with a number of issues where you can apply the law at any one area of severity. We all know you can decide the interest of society might be not to apply the law, not to seek an indictment. We also know that any prosecutor has broad discretionary powers in what to investigate and what not to investigate; when to initiate a case, when to withhold a case; when to drop a matter or to settle a case. What do you do, for example, in antitrust? Do you bring the suit? Do you drop the suit? What do you do in seeking a civil rights remedy? Do you look into it or not? What happens if you think there has been voter fraud that may affect your party and not the other party? Do you still look at it as strictly, or not?  