That is the Medicare bill. I would like for a moment to speak about the Medicare bill.  We have a history. For 38 years, Medicare has been a central part of the life of America, not just seniors in America but every American family. Now we are being asked to consider, in the waning days of this session, fundamental changes not just to the addition of a pharmacy benefit for seniors but fundamental changes to the structure of the Medicare Program. We are being asked to do so in the waning hours of this session of Congress.  What we have seen from the situation in the committee is that it was a period of negotiation between very few people, producing fundamental changes for our Medicare system. It is important, I believe, to look at some of the changes today.  Much of the discussion that has taken place in the conference with respect to this proposal has not really been how best to use the $400 billion for pharmacy benefits for seniors but, rather, to make profound changes in Medicare, which I believe undermine, in the long run, the Medicare Program.  One could suggest that the original $400 billion budget allocation for pharmaceutical benefits for seniors was too meager. But we could have addressed at least how to make that money go as far as we could rather than simply using it as, I believe, a subterfuge in some respects to make changes to Medicare that have been promoted by many--particularly conservatives--for years previously.  The purpose of S. 1 and H.R. 1 was supposedly to craft a pharmaceutical benefit. Indeed, what happened is much more profound and more pervasive and indeed will go to undermine our Medicare Program, not strengthen it. I have serious reservations.  We all recognize that seniors need relief. Again, the $400 billion was a small part of the relief they need. It has been estimated by CBO that seniors will spend a total of $1.8 trillion on pharmaceuticals from 2003 to 2012, the 10-year period this bill will likely cover. The $400 billion, in context, is just a fraction of what seniors will pay. Nevertheless, we could have provided, I believe, much more focused, targeted, and beneficial relief to seniors than has been accomplished by this bill. More than that, we could have avoided these very serious and deleterious changes being proposed for Medicare.  Let me address a few issues. There is an issue in the bill that has been discussed, which is cost containment. It represents sort of a doublespeak, if you will. I believe if you asked most of my seniors about cost containment, they would say, hallelujah, finally, you are going to bring down the cost of the pharmaceutical drugs.  Wrong. In the language of this bill, cost containment is limiting the amount of money the Federal Government will contribute to the Medicare Program--not just pharmaceuticals but to the Medicare Program. In fact, if you look at what they have done with respect to the cost of pharmaceuticals they have made it very difficult for the Federal Government, through the Medicare Program, to negotiate lower prices.  Once again, if you asked any senior in this country, or any American, about cost containment, in the context of pharmaceutical drugs, they would say it has to be the reduction in the costs charged to seniors, not a reduction of the contribution this Government will make for seniors. It has turned the whole notion of containment upside down, topsy-turvy. Again, it will go a long way not to help seniors but to continue the unchecked increases in pharmaceutical costs we have seen.  There are reasons for this. Frankly, everyone has to recognize that revolutions in pharmaceuticals have provided a higher quality of health care in the United States. But my expectation, and my hope, was that if we were talking seriously about a Medicare benefit for seniors with respect to pharmaceuticals, we would have been able to use the market power of a nationwide Medicare Program to control prices--not set them but control them through the marketplace.  A large number of beneficiaries, purchasers, could go to pharmaceutical companies, through the Medicare system, and negotiate prices, which represents the buying power of millions of seniors. That is not going to happen because, quite deliberately and consciously, this program fragments seniors; it creates regions where certain programs will vie for the business of seniors through the Medicare system. That is not going to control costs. Yet we are talking about cost containment, not in that context at all but in the notion of just limiting the contribution we will make.  Again, I think what we have to recognize is that this is not going to be the way to deal with the crisis we face today and the crisis of the years ahead.  There is a provision in the legislation which essentially says that as the Medicaid Program exceeds 45 percent of the general fund contribution--our contribution to Medicare exceeds 45 percent of total program expenditures, and then the President must submit a plan to Congress, and there is pressure for Congress to move. But that is a rather arbitrary and artificial way to approach the cost of Medicare.  First of all, it doesn't consider the number of beneficiaries. It doesn't consider other factors, such as quality issues. It is an arbitrary device which I think will not control the real costs, which is the cost of drugs, but it will really inhibit and hamper our ability to serve our seniors. Again, this is one aspect of the legislation that I find particularly troublesome.  There is another doublespeak, and that doublespeak is premium support. Again, if you asked any senior in Rhode Island, Michigan, or Maine about premium support, they would say: Hallelujah, you are going to help me pay my premium; I have been waiting for that. That is not the case. It is helping the private insurance companies by assisting them not only in their operating expenses but with their bottom line in the process. That is not what most people thought about when we talked about premium support.  It will provide wide variations of premiums throughout the country, State by State, and even within States, region by region. Essentially, it will also encourage cherry-picking, a term we are all familiar with, in which these private companies that are being encouraged to now go after the seniors' business will be able to structure their marketing and their appeals to take the healthiest, younger seniors, leaving the older seniors--the most vulnerable and most expensive--to be covered in the Federal program. This will be great for their bottom line, but it will drive the cost of traditional Medicare up and up, and it will run right back into the cost containment trap we set up.  Medicare will be less ``efficient'' than private plans. Therefore, it will be subject to increased Federal pressure to lower the cost. All of this violates a fundamental principle of insurance, which is that you pool risk by aggregating a range of risk. You don't segregate the healthiest people and say we will ensure just those--well, if you are a profitable private insurance company, you do. But if you are trying to plan for a national program to assist seniors, you certainly don't do that.  It also defies the fundamental facts of history. In 1965, when the Medicare Program was created, seniors could not get health insurance because they were expensive to insure. They were a bad risk. No private insurance company would step up in any systematic way to insure them--unless you were phenomenally wealthy and you could probably pay for all of your medical care out of your wealth. For the average senior, in 1961, 1962 and 1963, you were not getting private insurance. That is why we stepped in. That hasn't changed.  Seniors today are still, on average, much more expensive to insure than younger people because of the nature of life and nature of disease and morbidity--all of this. This legislative proposal totally ignores that 35 years of history and the experience we all have.  Again, going back to our experience, it was not uncommon when I was a youngster, teenager or younger, to visit homes of my friends and there was at least one grandparent there--a grandmother or grandfather. Why? Because their health needs required somebody to care for them. It was the families, the 40-year-olds, 35-year-olds. Much of that changed in 1965 because now seniors had the ability to obtain health care coverage.  This whole system is being threatened by premium support, which will incentivize private insurers to come in and attract and subscribe the youngest healthiest seniors, leaving the traditional Medicare Program with the older, most expensive population to cover; and, again, all of this is leading into that trap in which cost containment will tell the Federal Government, oh, stop, we are paying too much money for seniors.  I believe this is, again, a profoundly poor concept, and it is further complicated and exacerbated by another aspect. We are creating a $12 billion stabilization fund, again, for private insurers. We are taking Medicare money, the money which our seniors--in fact, all Americans believe we are earmarking for senior health care and setting up a fund--a slush fund--that will provide further incentives to private health care purveyors and further unbalance the playing field between traditional Medicare and these new private plans.  We could have done much with this stabilization fund. We could have lowered the so-called donut hole when benefits expire for some seniors and then renew themselves after several thousand dollars of additional expenses. We could have closed that gap. We could have done a lot of creative, innovative things that not only would have assisted seniors but would also make a real concerted effort to control the cost of the program in a principled way. Yet we didn't do that.  We have created a situation in which, again, the deck has been stacked against traditional Medicare and against, I believe, the logic of insurance of aggregating as many risks as possible across regions, across the country, across ages from the youngest seniors to the oldest seniors, the healthiest seniors to the ones who are sick and frail.  We are also going to hit and create a situation where we will give incentives to these companies to fragment the Medicare system. Frankly, if insuring seniors was a profitable area of endeavor, 35 years ago we wouldn't have had to step in and create Medicare. If it was a profitable endeavor today, we wouldn't have to have a $12 billion stabilization fund, and we wouldn't have to have premium support.  We will spend more money than we have to and we will get less for our money and seniors will get less in terms of the benefits, not just pharmaceutical benefits but the overall Medicare Program. I emphasize again, this is not just trying to tailor and contain the cost of pharmaceuticals. This applies across the board.  