President, earlier this week, the Senate debated a comprehensive amendment by Senator Byrd with respect to deficiencies in this bill regarding resources for homeland security. Essentially, what Senator Byrd was trying to do was to match the resources we need with the rhetoric we have heard about protecting the homeland of the United States.  I am disappointed Senator Byrd's amendment did not prevail. Withinthat amendment, there were resources devoted to transit security. Today, I offer an amendment on behalf of myself and Senator Sarbanes to address what I think is an amazing and unacceptable lack of resources and investment for securing and protecting our Nation's trains, buses, and ferries. Indeed, these vehicles and these transportation modes provide transportation for millions of Americans each day, and they require protection.  I want to be clear. This is not the fault of the committee, and certainly not the fault of the chairman who has done an extraordinary job in securing an additional $1 billion for the subcommittee's allocation. But the fact is that the administration has not asked for sufficient resources to protect the transit systems in the United States. Again, this is why, together with Senator Sarbanes, I am offering this amendment to add $100 million for the protection of our public transit systems.  Each day, millions of Americans, old and young, rich and poor, every kind of American, board a bus or a train to go to work, school, or a doctor's appointment. Each year the Federal Government spends billions of dollars to build and maintain these systems. Yet to date, shockingly, the Federal Government has only invested below $90 million in fiscal years 2002 and 2003 for transit security if we exclude the very special circumstances of rebuilding transit systems that were attacked and severely damaged during the September 11 attack.  We have recognized the need to protect our airlines and we have spent billions of dollars to do so, but there is the same compelling need to protect the transit systems of the United States.  There are two major reasons we must protect these transit systems: First, we want to avoid, preempt, and prevent, a terrorist event involving a transit system; second, we need transit systems that have interoperable communications, trained personnel, and additional equipment to mitigate the consequences of any type of terrorist event in the United States.  It is quite clear transit systems are a target of terrorists. According to a report in 1994 by John P. Sullivan and Henry I. DeGeneste: ``Transit systems are attractive targets for a number of reasons. They carry large numbers of people within concentrated, predictable areas and timeframes. They are accessible since they provide easy user access. Finally, their target-rich infrastructure which often covers extensive geographic areas frequently renders countermeasures impractical.''  So we know this. Indeed, the Federal Transit Administration knows it. To their credit, they have taken meager resources to provide transit assessment assistance to any transit system that is required or requested. They have been able to advise these transit systems. But advice is not dollars. Advice does not build or buy equipment that will protect commuters in our transit systems.  We already know transit systems are a target, in many cases targets of choice. The Mineta Institute indicates that between 1997 to 2000 there were 195 terrorist attacks against transit systems worldwide. Most of these attacks were against buses. I should point out, 90 percent of these attacks occurred against buses. In the Middle East, we have seen the horrific pictures of buses blown up by suicide bombers. No one wants to see such pictures in the United States.  Of course, the most horrific example of a terrorist attack against transit was the 1995 sarin gas attack in Japan where 11 people were killed and 5,500 innocent people were injured due to the work of a small band of crazed individuals.  We understand there is a great potential for terror attacks against transit systems. Given the increasing danger of proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, these transit attacks could be horrific in the future.  I also mention that not only do we need to avoid attacks against transit, we need to be prepared in the case of another terrorist attack in the United States. I refer to testimony before my subcommittee last year, as I chaired the subcommittee with respect to transit's role in September 11. The first is a statement by Jenna Dorn, the Administrator on the Federal Transit Administration.       At 8:52 a.m. on September 11th, minutes after the first      hijacked jet plowed into One World Trade Center, a Port      Authority Trans-Hudson (PATH) train master gave life-saving      instructions to conductors and operators.       A train from Newark, carrying about 1,000 passengers, had      just pulled into the station below the World Trade Center.      The train master told the crew to keep everyone on the train,      board everyone in the station, and immediately depart for the      Exchange Place stop in Jersey City. Public transportation      employees immediately evacuated passengers who mistakenly      left the train.       A train from Hoboken carrying another 1,000 people was just      behind the Newark train. The train master told that crew to      keep the doors closed at the Trade Center and head      immediately to Jersey City.       The train master then told another train in Jersey City to      discharge all passengers and head back to the World Trade      Center to evacuate remaining travelers and transit personnel.      That train departed with its precious cargo at 9:10 a.m., 40      minutes before the first building collapsed.       That train master, Richie Moran, and PATH's emergency      response plan, saved thousands of lives. As we watched the      death toll climb in New York, it is astounding to realize      that no one riding the PATH or New York City subway lines      that morning was injured.  That is not an accident. That is the result of good communications, planning, training, all the issues that they showed in New York City. But let me suggest the level of planning, training, and equipment in New York City is not duplicated in many cities around this country--and it should be.  Also, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record excerpts from the statement by Richard A. White, the general manager of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, who talks of the integral role of that system in evacuating personnel during the attack on the Pentagon.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       On September 11, when WMATA was needed most, and in the      midst of regional chaos, Metrorail and Metrobus were ready,      and delivered for the National Capital Region. We operated      the equivalent of back-to-back rush hours virtually without      incident, after the Federal Government and other regional      employers sent hundreds of thousands of workers home around      mid-morning. We were operating the entire day. We did what we      do best. We moved large numbers of people safely and      efficiently.       Throughout the day, the WMATA workforce performed      extraordinarily. Not once did an employee put their own      individual concerns ahead of their sense of duty to the      customers. The transit police, the bus and rail operators,      the station personnel, the customer service representatives--     everyone--demonstrated their dedication to our mission of      moving people safely and securely.       Further, we never lost communications throughout the day.      We established and maintained contact with local State, and      Federal authorities, and we communicated with our riders      through in-system messages, our phone system and over the      internet through the website.       WMATA, blessedly, suffered no property damage, no loss of      life, and no injury to any of its employees nor to any of our      customers on that terrible day.  