President, first let me start off by commending Chairman Specter for his efforts to meet the needs that are so evident in this appropriations bill in a very difficult budgetary climate.  The amendment I offer this evening, together with my colleague from Maine, Senator Collins, would be to increase funding for the Low-Income Home Energy Program to $2.3 billion for fiscal year 2004.  I thank my other colleagues and cosponsors--Senators Kennedy, Leahy, Rockefeller, Voinovich, Jeffords, Kerry, Lieberman, Schumer, Corzine, Sarbanes, Bingaman, Lincoln, Levin, Harkin, Clinton, Durbin, and Snowe--for cosponsoring this amendment.  The amendment Senator Collins and I are offering will provide $300 million for the LIHEAP contingency fund. This money is available under certain specified conditions: a significant home energy supply shortage or disruption, a significant increase in the cost of home energy, a significant increase in home energy disconnections, a significant increase in participation in a public benefit program, or a significant increase in unemployment.  Contingency money for LIHEAP is very important to ensure that these resources can be quickly dispensed and targeted to those areas of the country and those populations that are experiencing either severe weather or severe economic distress.  Today, on September 9, it is a balmy day in Washington, DC, but no one can forecast the weather that will take place throughout the course of this winter on the east coast, in the Northeast, or on the west coast, nor can we forecast hot weather that could occur in the summertime. So this contingency fund is absolutely essential.  What we need to do is to ensure that this funding is there in sufficient quantity so there will be no disruption in meeting the needs of people who are facing crises, either economic distress or severe weather.  I particularly thank Senators Specter, Harkin, Stevens, and Byrd for their commitment to the basic program. This appropriations bill contains $2 billion for the LIHEAP State grant program. It is the first time we have had $2 billion for the basic LIHEAP program since 1986, and it is a testament to the commitment and effort of Senators Specter and Harkin and their colleagues. It is the absolute minimum we need for the state grant program. Any lower amount represents a real cut in dollars. But we also need something else, and that is the contingency funds. If we don't have those contingency funds, I don't think we can respond to the needs many of us foresee taking place this winter.  Last year, States provided LIHEAP assistance to over 4 million families. Yet this is only about 15 percent of the 30 million households who were eligible for LIHEAP assistance. So 85 percent of eligible Americans could not be helped because of constrained funding in LIHEAP.  My colleague, Senator Bingaman, is going to offer an amendment later which would try to increase the basic State grant by $1 billion up to $3 billion. This is a goal Senator Collins and I have aspired to for many years. We annually send a letter asking for state grant funding of $3 billion. I certainly support that proposal. But I readily understand, given the constrained budget, where this is a very difficult judgment to be made by the committee and by the Senate. Nevertheless, I do believe--and that is why I offer, with Senator Collins, this amendment--we need, for operational efficiencies and for the ability to respond, the $300 million in contingency funds. I hope on a bipartisan basis we can support this $300 million contingency fund.  My colleague is here. I know she wishes to speak on this issue.  I yield the floor.  