President, I rise today to recognize the 182nd anniversary of Greek Independence that will be celebrated on Tuesday, March 25. It was on this day, March 25, 1821, that Greek patriots rose up against their Ottoman subjugators and began an 8-year struggle that culminated in a new Greek Republic in 1829.  On this day, it is fitting that we reflect on the enormous contributions the Greek people have made to the modern world. The legacy of the ancient Greeks, in the fields of philosophy, literature, drama, sculpture, and architecture, continues to influence our beliefs, our values, and our concept of art. Our own democratic principles have their very foundation in the practices of the ancient Greece republic. Indeed, the ancient Greeks developed the concept of democracy, in which the supreme power to govern was vested in the people.  Greek ideology also had a profound effect on our Founding Fathers, who modeled the American Government upon the principles of Greek democracy. Thomas Jefferson studied the Greek classics in his youth and was inspired by their philosophy throughout his life, most dramatically when he crafted the Declaration of Independence. When formulating his vision for this country, Jefferson specifically referred to the integrated assertions, theories, and aims of the classic Greek world.  Our admiration for Greece continues into the modern day. Greece and the United States are at the forefront of the effort for freedom, democracy, peace, stability, and human rights, forging a close bond between the two Nations. We share a partnership with Greece in NATO, and our countries are linked forever by close family relationships between our peoples. Our Nation looks forward to working closely with Greece in the coming years as we examine ways to bring full peace, stability, and prosperity to all the nations of Europe and the world.  As we celebrate Greek independence, we remember the history of those who sacrificed their lives to preserve freedom and democracy. We value our friendship and continuing partnership with the Government and people of Greece, and we commit to work together to provide greater opportunity and more freedoms for the citizens of the world. And we join the world in anticipating the momentous 2004 Summer Olympic Games, which will be held in Athens, the birthplace of the Olympic tradition.  I am proud to join many of my colleagues as a cosponsor of Senate Resolution 214 which designates March 25, 2003 ``Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy.'' I give GreekAmericans my best wishes as they celebrate Greece's independence.  