President, I rise in strong support of the Stabenow amendment. I believe the Senator from Michigan has done exactly what is right, proper, and wise to do, which is to provide for a permanent fallback prescription drug benefit for our seniors in the context of this new Part D drug program. Indeed, out of the 650-plus page of this bill, the proposal by the Senator from Michigan is the one that most closely resembles what is familiar to seniors with regard to the current Medicare Program. It is an important issue.  According to the Congressional Budget Office, roughly 32 percent of Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in the proposed new Part D program would receive their drug coverage through the fallback plan, at least during the initial implementation of the program, so a significant number of seniors we already know will participate in these fallback plans.  The reason is because under the existing language of the bill, if two private companies are not prepared to offer pharmaceutical benefits in a particular region, Medicare must have a fallback program for seniors. That makes entirely good sense. The problem is, if and when there are two companies, this fallback provision evaporates. It goes away. What this will lead to is instability and a circumscribed choice for seniors.  We can just imagine a senior who enters the fallback program may spend 1, 2, 3, or 4 years there, is happy with the program, satisfied with the benefits, and suddenly they are told, no, this program is going away because there are now two competitors in the marketplace. It does not make sense. It circumscribes choice and it creates instability and uncertainty in a program that should be full of stability, certainty, and choice. I hope we can adopt this amendment to ensure that the Medicare fallback program is a permanent part of the Part D program.  Let me suggest something else. When we think of the dynamics of this proposed program, two pharmaceutical beneficiary management companies come into a particular region knowing full well if one decides to go, then Medicare would have to reconstitute this fallback program--expensive--probably on short notice. That is tremendous leverage for other PBMs in the market to go back to the Medicare program and say, wait a second, we are leaving unless you provide additional incentives, additional compensation, additional risk sharing.  That is a leverage point that I think will be exploited by businesses. It is a fair point to exploit. They can vote with their feet. They can leave the region. That is tremendous power to put in the hands of any one plan--it is not the two; anyone could decide to go--and suddenly you have to constitute the standby.  If there is a permanent fallback program, that leverage does not exist. Automatically, the senior would choose or not choose to get their benefits from the fallback program. That is another important aspect.  We also understand these managed care programs and pharmaceutical benefit managers operate, obviously, to make a profit. They are prepared and capable of leaving on short notice if, in fact, they believe they are not realizing a profit.  We have seen this in my home State of Rhode Island, a state with a significant penetration of Medicare managed care. Thirty percent of beneficiaries in Medicare in my State are enrolled in a managed care plan. There used to be several managed care plans, but most have left the market, leaving essentially one insurance company providing these managed care benefits. When the other plans departed, we saw increases in costs to seniors and less generous terms offered by the surviving companies. Why? Simple. Competition slacked off; they did not have to be as aggressive competing for seniors. That likelihood could happen in this case.  Again, that is a strong argument for the Stabenow amendment, to have at least one plan that will be there, with permanent, defined benefits that are not likely to change as other competitors drop out of the market. That is another selling point, a strong selling point, for the Stabenow plan.  I believe this amendment is very important. It will go a long way to assuring seniors they are not part of some arbitrary experiment in the marketplace, that there will be at least one plan that is always there, that the benefits are well defined, and that plan will be an important aspect of making sure there is market discipline as well as consumer choice for seniors.  Some people might say: We cannot do this because we have a cap of $400 billion over 10 years that limits us. That is an arbitrary limit, obviously. In fact, it seems to me it is a limit that is not justified, given the generous tax cuts we have already provided to so many wealthy Americans as opposed to those likely recipients of this package. This arbitrary cap should not limit us from creating a program that we hope will not only endure for a long time but will be efficient, effective, and attractive to seniors.  I believe if we pass the Stabenow amendment, we are going to make this program much more attractive to seniors, give them confidence they have at least one choice through the standby plan, that will not leave the marketplace, that will not change benefits as competitive forces change, that will be something they can count on. As well as receiving pharmaceutical benefits, I think seniors are asking for something else, and that is confidence that their benefits will endure and not be ephemeral.  As a result, I urge my colleagues to support the Stabenow amendment.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  