. Supreme Court.  So this is not a procedure or a device that has not been used by the Republicans, because, in fact, it is part--indeed, a significant part--of the procedural devices of the Senate, something that is appropriate.  As I pointed out yesterday, what I find disconcerting and indeed somewhat contradictory to the argument of the Republicans today is that they were quite adept during the Clinton administration of using delay and denial of hearings to frustrate the nominations of so many individuals, so many potential judges, because many of these individuals never even reached the floor of the Senate for a vote. It was, in my words, a pocket veto.  We are all familiar with the notion of a pocket veto. The President of the United States, in the last 10 days of a session, can simply put the bill in his pocket, not sign it, not comment on it, and it essentially dies as legislation. Well, that was done all too often in the Clinton administration.  The most significant case is the one I mentioned before. In fact, the Senator from Pennsylvania and I yesterday had a bit of a colloquy about this. That is a nominee, Elena Kagan, who was nominated in 1999, spent 18 months waiting for approval, no action was taken, and her nomination expired. Fortunately for Ms. Kagan, she has found other employment. She is now the dean of Harvard Law School, which might suggest that she certainly had some legal abilities that could have been used on the Federal bench. But that is an example of a pocket veto.  Again, we are engaged in this discussion, this debate. It is a serious one, but it is taking place at a time when there are other very serious issues pressing this country. As my colleague from Nevada, Senator Harry Reid, pointed out in his long floor statement preceding this debate, that as we worry about four individuals who have not yet been confirmed, other Americans are seeing their jobs undercut. We are looking at unemployment rates of about 6.0 percent. They are hovering there. They seem to be persistent. Long-term unemployment is growing. It is becoming increasingly difficult for people to maintain their employment with good, solid jobs. We see the poverty rate going up. Meanwhile, the vacancies on the Federal courts have diminished significantly. We are at almost record levels of Federal judicial employment. But as we look at the people throughout this country, the poverty rate is growing. It is affecting children particularly. The rate of the uninsured, or people lacking health insurance, is increasing. Our budget deficit is soaring. The national debt is soaring. These are difficult issues, and yet we are here today talking about 4 individuals, out of 172, who have not been confirmed as judges and not been confirmed based, I think, on sound analysis and sound review of their records.  So I think, again, to place this in context, we are performing our historic responsibilities that have been used and deployed by countless other Senates, both by Republicans and Democrats, throughout the course of this country's history. And indeed I think that is our responsibility and we are doing it.  What I regret, and I hope after the conclusion of the votes this morning we can get back to, is critical business such as how do we expand economic opportunity in this country? How do we reinvigorate our manufacturing base, which is eroding dramatically? How do we give working families additional resources by raising the minimum wage? That would be something that would be very beneficial to millions of Americans. Can we pass good legislation that allows us to continue to invest in our infrastructure, in our highways, in our roads? And then in international affairs, how do we come to grips with the increasing crisis overseas in Iraq, a crisis that sees our soldiers, marines, airmen, and sailors each day engaged in conflict over there in a very difficult insurgency?  As Senator Pryor mentioned, yesterday several of us had the opportunity to go up to Walter Reed Army Hospital. I have been there a few times over the last several months and have seen a Rhode Island military police unit, National Guard, assigned to Baghdad. They have suffered, unfortunately, casualties. To go there and see these young men, to see them having suffered, having served so magnificently, it makes you wonder why we are spending so much time on this debate, and not more time talking about the way ahead in Iraq, not talking about other situations of international concern.  I find it startling just a few days ago the Central Intelligence Agency released a report concluding the North Koreans likely have several nuclear devices and likely will be able to deploythose devices without testing. That they have apparently mastered a technological means to circumvent testing is startling, in fact, horrific information, but this is being lost in the shuffle with the Iraq situation. This is a fact that is startling and is pressing on our national security and our future security.  But there is no extended debate on North Korean policy. There is no extended debate on the way ahead in Iraq. We have committed ourselves as a nation to a course of conduct that requires sacrifice, and yet we are not fully coming to grips with the nature of that sacrifice and what we should do.  For many of these reasons, although this debate is certainly appropriate--that is one of the great things about the Senate, you can talk of the issues of the moment, the issues of the time, but certainly there are so many more pressing issues, so many more critical issues to the future of this country and to the future of America's families the continued obsession with this topic does disservice.  