President, the purpose of our amendment is not necessarily to impede any deployment of technology. It simply recognizes that even if this technology is deployed, tested, or evaluated in 6 stations or 100 stations, the cost of implementing this system and other systems--the amendment talks about protecting transportation facilities, not just subway lines, but buses and interurban transportation, all types and modes of transportation--even if you could deploy, the cost would be significant.  Our amendment asks that this budget recognize those significant costs.  Again, there is no question that the chairman has tried his best to come up with the resources to try to meet this need. But the need is so staggering--billions and billions of dollars. The funds in this bill devoted to transit security is so meager that our amendment simply tries to strike a balance. The $100 million would go to help systems buy equipment and train personnel. All of that is necessary.  We also would ask that the Department of Homeland Security issue the plans they have long said they were going to do between the proper transportation and the proper homeland security to coordinate their activities with respect to transit security.  I urge the amendment be adopted.  I further point out that even if we were to adopt this amendment--I understand at the appropriate moment the Senator from Mississippi will make a budget point of order--this is truly a very modest downpayment on the cost of ensuring that all of our transit systems, our buses, and our subway systems have the same degree of preparedness as we are trying to develop for our airlines and for other modes of transportation.  If we reject this amendment, we will simply be in a situation where we might be able to demonstrate a few projects, and we might be able to test the system, but we will never deploy those systems across the Nation in transit systems. There are 6,000 transit systems.  Again, it is $100 million, just a meager downpayment for what is really a multibillion-dollar requirement for the United States.  I recognize that the Senator has said he is proposing to make a point of order.  At this point, I yield my time in anticipation of such a point of order.  