The circumstances might have been extraordinary but, again, this was an example of Republicans using the device of cloture votes, of threatened filibuster, of extended debate, to make a point that they felt uncomfortable with a judicial nomination. That is the principle.  There is no special rule for the last 20 days of a session. There is no special rule that says that is when the filibuster is OK. There were sincere, well-meaning Senators, Republican Senators, who felt that because they did not have a chance to evaluate his record or because they felt his record was too liberal, they needed to do what they did. Justice Breyer, in fact, was well known to every person in this body. He had been the counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee, and worked for Senator Kennedy on the deregulation of the airline industry. He was someone who had personal knowledge of every Senator in this body at the time.  So this was not a question of who is this person. This was a question of some people expressing their sincere belief that because of his judicial philosophy, because of his temperament, because of the way he conducted himself, the Senate should not go forward in this automatic fashion.  The point remains the same. This notion of the unprecedented, unconstitutional, un-American use of cloture votes and filibuster is quite wrong. It has been used before by both sides.  The question must be back to the original hypothetical posed by the Senator from Pennsylvania, What is the criteria we are using. I urge that criteria has to be based upon a careful review of the conduct and temperament of the nominee. That is a better construct of the individual. Is this person someone who recognizes the careful balancing a judge must perform daily? Is this someone who, although he has very strong beliefs, strong ideas about the way the law should be interpreted, respects the fact that as a circuit judge or a district judge he or she has to follow precedent? Is this someone who does not try to impose their views on the law but tries to faithfully judge based on the law? That is the issue. That is the issue of all of these nominees, and 168 of President Bush's nominees have passed that test with flying colors. Four have not. That, I believe, is what we have to focus on.  Once again, as we move forward--and this is an appropriate debate, this is one of the virtues, the glories of the Senate. We can stand here at 4:50 in the morning and talk about great issues that affect this great country. However, this is not the only issue. I would say there are so many more pressing issues. We will conclude this extendeddebate this morning. We will vote, and then we have the responsibility of getting back to some very critical business the business of this economy, of this country, both here and across the globe.  There is one issue among many issues we have to be particularly concerned about and that is the issue of our long-term economic vitality. We have a situation in the country where we are losing jobs left and right. We are particularly vulnerable to the loss of manufacturing jobs. Under the Clinton administration, in a huge jobs growth of the late 1990s, we saw an increase of 257,000 manufacturing jobs. Now we are seeing a contraction of employment generally, and particularly in manufacturing. We have lost about 2.45 million jobs in manufacturing. We have to do something. I hope we can.  So far we have not taken action aggressively or as aggressively as we should. What we have seen in many respects is our manufacturing sector are jobs being lured overseas by lower wages, poor environmental quality standards, very little in the way of labor rights. It is attractive to employment. We have to do something about it. We operate in a context of international trade rules where we cannot simply put up a wall of tariffs around our country, so we have to be more creative and innovative. One of the problems that inhibits our creativity and our innovation is the fact that to help manufacturing concerns we have to provide some resources, in terms of manufacturing tax credits, in terms of a solution or at least progress when it comes to the issue of health care costs to companies throughout this country, which is probably one of the key problems facing every business enterprise in this Nation. That does not come cheap. When you look as it as we are, not only erosion of jobs but an erosion of the Federal budget moving in this administration from a surplus projected to be in the trillions of dollars over a decade, to deficits which are equally now being projected into the trillions of dollars, it constrains our ability to respond to these issues, to provide some type of benefits to alleviate the cost of health care for the manufacturing sector, to provide incentives for manufacturing, to provide tax credits and other programs so we can help manufacturing companies particularly deal with environmental concerns.  One of the consistent complaints I get in Rhode Island is it is not fair, Senator, I have to abide by very strenuous rules on environmental emissions, yet I see competitors in China and other countries spewing smoke out of their smokestacks and pouring solids into the wastewater streams. I cannot do that.  In fact, up my way, the manufacturers have been zealous in protecting the environment. But they are in a terrible dilemma. How do we help them? We could provide tax credits for environmental improvements. But again that costs money. It costs something else, too. It costs the time and attention of this Senate on this issue. It costs the same time we are spending to talk about judges to invest in the future of our economy and the future of this Nation. I hope we can spend the time.  We have seen over the course of the last several years an economy that is beginning to at least show some signs of life, but we are not back yet by a long shot. There is a real fear we are leaving millions behind, a real fear in parts of this country that those jobs that were there 3 years ago, particularly in manufacturing, have not only been lost temporarily but have been lost forever. That goes not just to the individual families that have been affected, it goes to the fabric of the lives of those families.  When a manufacturing plants closes, it is not just a sad day in the lives of the workers, it is a community feeling a loss. We are seeing too much of that.  We have not only this challenge, we have the challenge of the tumultuous world. Again, when we look at the requirements and demands on our economy, and the requirements and demands of protecting ourselves internationally, we have to ask ourselves where are we going to get the resources, given the budget, to fund our military? To provide the resources to conduct a very expansive and aggressive foreign policy?  Just a few days ago this body voted $87 billion for reconstruction of Iraq. That is $87 billion in the context of a deficit in which we are spending money literally we do not have. I am sure that will not be the last time we consider additional resources for Iraq, Afghanistan, and other countries. Yet we are not doing those things we need to do to ensure fully that our nation is entirely protected.  So we have serious challenges before us. I hope again at the conclusion of this very extensive debate and at the conclusion of these votes this morning, we can get back to that critical business. Interestingly enough, we interrupted Senate proceedings at a juncture where we were ready to pass the HUD-VA appropriations bill to get on to the discussion of these judges. At that point, we were considering how we could strengthen further, increase further, the resources going to our Veterans Administration. That is another area of concern I have and I am sure we all have. We have to make sure those young Americans who are today struggling--and the fact those young Americans I visited yesterday who are being sent literally from Walter Reed Army Hospital to a VA facility, many of them amputees because of the nature of the conflict in Iraq that 5 years, 10 years from now they have the same quality of services they are getting today.  That is a challenge. And it is a challenge we cannot meet unless we focus our attention and our time and our effort on this bill. That was the very bill we left to come on to this discussion of judges.  How much time remains?  