President, I rise today, along with my colleague, Senator Specter of Pennsylvania, to introduce the National Commission on Digestive Diseases Act.  It is estimated that over 62 million Americans presently suffer from a range of painful, debilitating and in some cases, fatal digestive diseases. Conditions such as inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), colorectal cancer, gastroesophageal reflux disease impact the lives of our friends, loved ones and neighbors. These diseases produce total estimated direct and indirect costs in excess of $40 billion annually. Of course, these figures do not take into account the serious physical and emotional toll digestive diseases have on those afflicted.  Thanks to significant advances in medical science, we are now on the brink of some major scientific breakthroughs in the area of digestive disease research. However, in other areasof this diverse field, we still lack even a basic understanding of the condition itself, let alone effective methods of treatment and prevention.  The bill I am proposing today would call upon the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to establish a Commission of scientific and health care providers with expertise in the field, as well as persons suffering from digestive ailments, to assess the state of digestive disease research and develop a long range plan to direct our scientific research agenda with regard to digestive disease. The Commission would submit their report to Congress in 18 months.  This legislation would build upon the successes of a digestive disease commission that was assembled roughly 25 years ago with a similar goal. The 1976 Commission's findings directed significant progress in the area of digestive disease research.  While the plan set forth by the first Commission has certainly accomplished a great deal, the burden of digestive diseases in this country remains substantial and advancements in genetics and medical technology compel the assembly of a new commission to guide our research efforts well into the 21st century.  I look forward to working with my colleagues towards expeditious passage of this important, bipartisan legislation.  