President, reclaiming my time, I thank the chairman for his kindness in accepting the amendment. The policy is included in the Defense authorization bill. But there is a debate ongoing about what the precise policy is. We want to at least set this limit with respect to the policy.  The chairman suggesting that it will be accepted will prompt me to quickly conclude my comments.  I note that my colleague from Michigan is here also seeking recognition.  We brought this measure to the Defense authorization debate. As was indicated in my discussion with Chairman Domenici, the Senate passed this provision overwhelmingly. This is now included in this appropriations bill. It is going to be an interesting conference because our colleagues in the House have stricken the money; that is the preference that I would suggest is the best approach. But short of that, this at least constrains the spending of the funds to the first three phases of research, which apparently, at least in my view, directly responds to the professed need for the funds, and it will also again support the statement of the Secretary of Energy that there is no plan to develop nuclear weapons.  In a letter to the Armed Services Committee, Admiral Ellis, the Commander of the Strategic Command, which command is responsible for all nuclear weapons, stated that:       U.S. Strategic Command is interested in conducting rigorous      studies of all new technologies examining the merits of      precision, increased penetration, and reduced yields for our      nuclear weapons.  Once again, this proposal corresponds to the request from our military leaders in what they are looking for today.  I hope that not only this amendment will be incorporated into this pending appropriations bill but that in conference we at least maintain this.  I again urge my colleagues to think hard again about the Kennedy-Feinstein proposal and the proposal that is already included in the House provisions. But today is an opportunity at least to slow down a rush to develop nuclear weapons which have no, or very limited, military requirements, and it would give us an opportunity as a Congress to debate the wisdom of our course of action.  Let me conclude by saying we have changed course dramatically. After 50 years of being the leading nation in the world arguing for arms control, arguing for sensible constraints in the development of nuclear weapons and limits on nuclear weapons, we have become a nation that is casual about our commitment to arms control, that denigrates it too often, and that course has left us with the only other option which is I think less appropriate. As I said initially, if there are no arms control, then there is a higher probability of arms usage. With nuclear weapons, that is a thought that no one wants to contemplate.  I yield the floor.  