Not only do you not have the ability to choose your own doctor, but sometimes it is the HMO that chooses you. We had the experience in Rhode Island of seniors signed up for HMO programs and the HMO said: We are not making enough money; we are leaving. They left the seniors high and dry. They found care by going back to the general Medicare system or another HMO. They found coverage, of course.  This is a one-way street. It is not a two-way street. You get to do what they tell you you can do. That is the way they make money. It is a profit-making enterprise. Frankly, there is nothing wrong with that, and if we were the managers of these companies, we might be pursuing the same techniques of carefully selecting our beneficiaries and questioning the doctors in every instance about whether this procedure is right or wrong. In fact, the greatest criticism of HMOs comes not from seniors but doctors. They can't abide working with them. It is accountants, not health care people, who are making the decisions.  We are setting this system up again. It is unbelievable, in some respects, that having had the experience of Medicare+Choice, having had the experience of a private insurance system that wouldn't touch a senior in 1965, and having the success of Medicare, we are entertaining these notions as if this is a good change, this is a good thing. We haven't learned.  This represents a triumph of aspirations or hope over the facts and reality of 30-plus years of experience and of the dynamics of the marketplace.  I thank the Senator from Michigan for her intervention because it has been useful in clarifying the discussion.  There is one other area that concerns me, and that is the notion of means testing. In the doublespeak of this bill, it is not means testing, it is income relating. It is like cost containment and premium support. It is income relating. It is really means testing.  What it does is it begins to lower the effective subsidy that the Federal Government provides the seniors based on their income. Frankly, starting off at a level of $80,000--you may say, well, maybe it is not too bad; maybe people that comfortable should be able to pay.  The point is, it begins to add another way in which we will segregate participants in the Medicare system because if your subsidy falls from 75 percent, which is what it is roughly today, down to 20 percent, that will be wealthy Americans, if this plan goes through, what it does is start raising questions: Why should I be in Medicare?  If I have to pay copays and I have to do this and I only get small support, why should I be in Medicare? A multiple class of health care is being created in this country. For all these reasons, I hope we have time to debate. I hope we have time to look at the legislation very carefully and not in the last few moments vote because time ran out.  I yield the floor.  