A year ago, this body undertook a similar endeavor to bring a Medicare prescription drug benefit to the 40 million aged and disabled beneficiaries who are on the program today, as well as maintain the promise for the tens of millions of future beneficiaries who will be joining the rolls in the coming decades.  Despite the fact that a majority of Senators voted in favor of a $594 billion plan for a drug program offered by Senators Graham, Miller, and Kennedy, procedural barriers prevented us from delivering a benefit to our elderly and disabled last year.  Since that time, Congress has passed another round of tax cuts at the President's behest, and the Nation's fiscal condition continues to deteriorate at an alarming rate. Just last week, the Congressional Budget Office announced that this administration is now on pace to shatter previous Federal budget deficit records. CBO's latest fiscal year 2003 budget deficit forecast now tops $400 billion, an increase of $100 billion over the CBO's deficit forecast offered just a month ago.  The current record budget deficit was $290 billion set in 1992. In just the first 8 months of fiscal year 2003, we have already posted a deficit of $291 billion.  Congress and the administration are now turning their attention to the long-neglected problem of a prescription drug benefit for Medicare. This year, we are faced with an arbitrary cap of $400 billion under which a drug benefit must fit. This cap is the result of the administration's insistence on dealing with the drug benefit after the tax cut and not before. Madam President, $400 billion was not sufficient when we sought to enact a meaningful prescription drug benefit last year, and I believe it is even less adequate this time.  The issue of Medicare prescription drugs is extremely important to me, and even more important to the constituents I represent.  In of a State of slightly more than a million people, 14.5 percent of the population in Rhode Island is over the age of 65 years. This is a higher proportion of older persons than the national average of 12.4 percent. According to the Census Bureau estimates, the number of elderly is expected to increase to 18.8 percent of Rhode Island's population by the year 2025. Rhode Island also has one of the highest concentrations of persons age 85 and over. Consequently, seniors in my State tend to utilize higher degrees and greater levels of health care than their counterparts in other States.  My State is also unique in terms of its health insurance market. Being a small State, Rhode Island experienced a particularly tumultuous insurance cycle during the mid-1990s that resulted in basically one insurer remaining in the market. Being dominated by a single insurance company has resulted in artificially low reimbursement rates for providers in my State. In fact, I am told Medicare is often the highest payer, sometimes 30 to 40 percent higher than some of the private options.  This has created a tremendous burden on providers in my State who are struggling to keep up with the increasing cost of doing business while continuing to provide quality care to their patients.  As Senator Grassley stated at the outset of this debate, his legislation contains a provision aimed at increasing the reimbursement rate for rural providers that fall below the national average. This will make certain rural patients are not denied access to doctors and quality care. However, I believe the same assurance must be given to all Medicare beneficiaries, regardless of where they live. I am constantly hearing from providers in my State who are struggling with the drastically increasing cost of doing business. I believe we must do more to recognize regional variations in the cost of providing health care services in this country to ensure all providers are equitably compensated for services under the Medicare Program and access to care for beneficiaries is assured.  I would like to take a few moments to outline the many concerns I have regarding this legislation. I commend the Senate Finance Committee and the leadership of Senator Grassley and Senator Baucus for their efforts to move a package forward. This is a daunting challenge. They have invested their energy and their vision and their enthusiasm over many weeks. I commend them for that.  However, I believe the proposal before this body is deficient in many significant ways. Under the legislation, seniors below 100 percent of poverty and those between 100 and 135 percent of poverty would have much of their needs covered at minimal expense. This is one of the beneficial aspects of the legislation. I must commend the Senators for insisting upon this protection for low-income seniors. Seniors between 135 and 160 percent of poverty would face a variable deduction and coinsurance.  These are beneficial aspects. If we could do more along these lines to provide assurances to low-income seniors that their benefits would be taken care of, if we could close the gap in coverage and we could do many things, this legislation would be one that would be universally supported. But there are significant shortcomings as well as the beneficial aspects.  Our elderly and disabled beneficiaries need a comprehensive Medicare prescription drug benefit now, not 3 years from now. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, a senior today pays an average of $999 in out-of-pocket drug costs. Under the Grassley-Baucus proposal, beginning in 2004, seniors would be entitled to the Bush administration's privately run discount card program. The Government-endorsed card would provide seniors with negotiated discounts on certain drugs.  Instead of taking the time and expense to implement and dismantle a temporary discount card, we should be dedicating ourselves to implementing today a meaningful comprehensive prescription drug benefit as expeditiously as possible. I recognize the proposal before us is highly complicated and relies on a private marketplace that does not even exist and will take time to put in place. Yet if the original Medicare program could be up and running within 11 months during an era when there were no computers to speak of, I see no reason why we can't phase in the basic elements of a prescription drug program starting immediately.  I greatly fear the beneficiaries of Medicare will never see this benefit take effect when 2006 rolls around. There are a number of very plausible scenarios such as increasing Federal budget deficits, competition with the never ending drumbeat for tax cuts, and the expiration of some of the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts, the lack of private companies willing to offer these new plans, technical problems, or any number of other potential stumbling blocks that could derail implementation of this benefit, leaving seniors with nothing more than the temporary discount card as a benefit. Indeed, the bill before us continues the temporary card more than 6 months after the benefit is supposed to start.  Given the fact that Medicare beneficiaries have already waited too long for Congress to enact a prescription drug benefit, we need to do all we can to deliver a Medicare prescription drug benefit as soon as possible. Yet an effort by Senator Lautenberg to move up the implementation date of the new Medicare Part D program to July 1, 2004 failed. I am extremely disappointed this amendment did not prevail, leaving seniors to wait even longer for us to deliver on this promise.  The current package relies entirely on the private sector to provide a Medicare prescription drug benefit to seniors. The new Medicare Part D program created by this legislation is a significant departure from the traditional Medicare Program structure. The expectation is that Medicare HMOs and PPOs will provide the complete range of health care services, including prescription drugs, under the new MedicareAdvantage option, while drug-only plans, which currently don't exist in the health insurance marketplace,will provide drug coverage to beneficiaries who remain in the traditional fee-for-service Medicare Program.  It is important to point out that most seniors have a favorable opinion of the existing Medicare Program and are satisfied with the coverage they receive through the traditional program. According to a recent Kaiser Family Foundation Harvard School of Public Health survey, 80 percent of seniors have a favorable impression of Medicare and 62 percent felt that the program is well run.  Seventy-two percent of people age 65 and over surveyed thought seniors should be able to continue to get their health insurance coverage through Medicare over private plans and 63 percent favored drug coverage through Medicare over private plans.  The only time a beneficiary would have access to the Medicare prescription drug fallback option under the traditional program is when no other private plans are available in their service area. However, once two drug-only plans enter the market in a particular area, this fallback option automatically disappears and a senior's choice is eliminated. He or she is forced to move to a different plan. I believe seniors should have true choice when making a decision about Medicare. They should be able to choose the Medicare prescription drug plan that best suits their needs, even if it is the Government-administrated option, which has a proven record of lower costs to taxpayers.  I support providing a level playing field for all Medicare prescription plans and was a proud cosponsor of Senator Stabenow's amendment that would have guaranteed the availability of the Medicare fallback plan as the standard option for seniors. This was not an amendment to force some outmoded Government-controlled health care system. It was an amendment about choice; indeed, a choice seniors overwhelmingly favor. Apparently we rejected that choice when we rejected the Stabenow amendment.  The Federal Government already serves as a direct provider of prescription drug benefits to millions of active-duty military personnel and veterans, so we do have a compelling Government model rather than a private sector model on which to base our expansion of Medicare.  Advocates for private sponsored prescription drug coverage under Medicare contend the private sector is more efficient and generally better suited to providing a prescription drug benefit to the elderly and disabled. I have also heard arguments that private plans are more cost-effective. However, as history has shown, the Medicare program has operated with significantly lower administrative costs than their private sector counterparts--2 to 3 percent versus 8 to 10 percent. Moreover, the Federal Government already has a long track record of providing prescription drug benefits to millions of active duty personnel and their families.  The Government also has a wealth of experience as a bulk purchaser of medications for our Nation's veterans. The TRICARE program provides comprehensive health and prescription drug coverage to 8.6 million military and their dependents. Similarly, almost 5 million of our veterans have access to prescription drug coverage for free for service-connected conditions and for a nominal $7 copay for a 30-day supply of medication for nonservice-connected ailments.  Federal health care programs have a proven track record of offering comprehensive, stable, and reliable benefits in a cost-effective manner. The facts certainly do not necessarily reflect the rhetoric when it comes to private plans.  Indeed the best model for, I think, pharmaceuticals is the Veteran's Administration and TRICARE programs, all of which are run by the Federal Government.  Under the Finance bill, premiums will vary based on geographic location and the level of benefits offered by the plan. The most recent CBO estimates indicate that the average premium for the standard prescription drug plan would be $35 in 2006 and will increase to $59 by 2013. However, private plans are free to provide a different package of benefits so long as the minimum benefit is ``actuarially equivalent'' to the standard benefit package set forth by the Government. Plans would also be free to charge beneficiaries a different premium to reflect these benefit packages. For beneficiaries on fixed incomes, these unpredictable premiums will be a great burden.  Beneficiaries will also face annual unpredictable increases in their deductible. The bill sets the deductible at $275 for 2006 and will increase in subsequent years based on the average annual per capita expenditures on covered drugs. I fear that some of the cost saving measures in this bill are ``pennywise and pound foolish.'' We should be very clear that this legislation imposes a significant amount of cost-sharing on seniors, not only in terms of the $275 deductible, variable monthly premiums and 50 percent coinsurance under the prescription drug plan, but in other areas as well. Specifically, the Grassley-Baucus proposal increases the annual deductible beneficiaries currently pay under Medicare Part B to $125 in 2006 and it indexes future increases to inflation.  I am also deeply concerned with other provisions included in this legislation to offset the cost of the rural provider payments. In particular, it imposes for the first time a beneficiary coinsurance requirement of 20 percent for diagnostic lab tests to offset a portion of these rural provider payments. I have heard from literally hundreds of providers and beneficiaries from my State in opposition to this new cost burden. In essence, what this provision translates to is an $18.6 billion shift in cost onto beneficiaries over the next decade. From a regional standpoint, absolutely none of this funding will benefit providers in my State, nor will it ensure better access to care or improve quality of care to beneficiaries in my State. Yet the over 170,000 Medicare beneficiaries in Rhode Island will be forced to pay millions in additional costs. I believe it is extremely unfair and inappropriate to boost the payments of a select group of providers at the expense of beneficiaries. The purpose of the legislation is to bring new benefits--not impose new burdens--on our elderly and disabled.  The bill also reduces the reimbursement rate for certain cancer drugs administered in a physician's office. I fear that the cumulative effect of these provisions will be increasingly limited access to care for suburban and urban beneficiaries, either because they cannot afford the deductibles and coinsurance they are expected to pay, or because they are unable to find a physician who will take Medicare.  I am also skeptical of the new ``Center for Medicare Choices'' being created under this bill to administer parts C and D of Medicare. I don't understand why the new ``Medicare Advantage'' program under Part C and the prescription drug benefit program under part D are being separated from Medicare Parts A and B under the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services.  Scarce Federal dollars that could be directed towards providing a more generous benefit to seniors are instead being used to create a new federal bureaucracy. I am also concerned that the time and effort needed to create this new agency will slow the implementation of a drug benefit plan for seniors.  When the Medicare program was originally created in 1965, it was done in response to the fact that elderly and disabled Americans were simply unable to get affordable health insurance coverage through the private market. While many aspects of our health care system have dramatically changed since then, I believe this same basic principle holds true today.  Should this legislation pass without significant changes, Medicare beneficiaries are going to be faced with a barrage of confusing and complicated options. If we expect seniors and the disabled to be informed consumers of health care, we need to be absolutely certain that we provided the resources necessary to educate them on their options. They are going to need assistance, at least initially, in sorting through all of the relevant information to determine which option is best suited for them, based on their overall health care needs. Indeed, one third of all seniors are probably better off it they do not participate in Part D, according to CBO.  While the Grassley-Baucus proposal does take some initial steps to bolster beneficiary education through the Medicare State Health Insurance Program (SHIPS) volunteers and throughlocal Social Security Offices, this new program, with all its options, and new features, is going to be very confusing to the public. I believe we need to do more on education and outreach to assist beneficiaries with this new program if the program is going to be successful and effective.  For example, even today, only about half the seniors who are eligible for the various low-income assistance programs (QMB, SLMB, QI-1) enroll in those programs.  I believe we can and must do more to ensure that beneficiaries, particularly those in hard-to-reach rural and inner city communities, have access to information describing these new changes, the importance of the low-income benefit, and encouraging enrollment. I hope to work with the chairman and ranking member of the Finance Committee to make sure that all Medicare beneficiaries are well informed in terms of the parameters of the temporary discount card as well as the more comprehensive benefit.  Medicare beneficiaries who are eligible for Medicaid, known as the dual eligibles, have disproportionately high medical and long-term care needs. These seniors, including most vulnerable elderly in nursing homes, are ineligible for the drug benefit in this proposal. This population represents about 11 percent of older Americans covered by Medicare. While Medicare covers acute care and major medical expenses for this group, Medicaid picks up the cost of their prescription drugs. Since many of the dual eligibles suffer from chronic illnesses and have multiple health problems, their drug costs are extremely high. With the Gassley-Baucus proposal, the Federal Government shirks its responsibility as the primary payer by failing to assist these Medicare beneficiaries with their prescription drug costs. Indeed, it prohibits these seniors from receiving the drug benefit. It is also unclear how States' efforts to help this population will work with this proposal. Currently, States struggling with tight budgets are cutting back on care for Medicaid beneficiaries, and they are cutting optional benefits. Prescription drugs are one of Medicaid's optional benefits that States could choose to cut. The Grassley-Baucus proposal does nothing to help lift the States' burden and enable them to provide needed health care to their populations.  Under the Grassley-Baucus proposal, those low-income seniors who are not eligible for coverage through Medicaid, would as I mentioned, receive substantial Federal assistance. Unfortunately, their plan relies on state asset tests, which as Senator Bingaman has illustrated, can be extremely confusing and onerous for beneficiaries. Moreover, it is estimated that roughly half of all beneficiaries who would be eligible for assistance under the plan would be disqualified because of the asset test. Consequently, they would be forced to pay significantly higher deductibles, premiums and coinsurance.  So the laudable attempts to cushion the blow for low-income seniors could be undercut by maintaining this asset test.  For a vulnerable senior or disabled person struggling to get by on a fixed income, their options will not be much better than what they face now. If they are unable to afford prescription medications without coverage today, they are not going to be any better off under this plan. Low-income Medicare beneficiaries are still going to be in the unenviable position to having to choose between their medications and other basic costs, such as food and transportation.  The bill provides $250 million to reimburse local governments, hospitals and other providers for emergency health services furnished to undocumented aliens, but does not offer aid to help cover uncompensated care provided to the uninsured Americans in health care facilities around the country.  Over half of the estimated unauthorized immigrants in the United States live in five states--California, Texas, New York, Illinois and Florida. However, all States in the Union face substantial costs due to uncompensated care, regardless of immigration status.  In 2001, people who were uninsured during any part of the year receive $98.9 billion in care, of which $34.5 billion was uncompensated care. Last year, my State of Rhode Island provided more than $120 million in uncompensated care, and this is expected to grow higher this year due to the weak economy.  Local governments, hospitals, and providers throughout the United States are facing rising care costs, trying to provide services to the uninsured, which includes undocumented aliens but includes many others.  With the sluggish economy and rising deficits, States cannot alone continue to shoulder the burden placed on the health care system by the uninsured. A recent Institute of Medicine report entitled ``A Shared Destiny'' documents the impact of the uninsured and uncompensated care on communities.  The consequence of uninsurance for communities can include reduced health care services, closure of local health care institutions, increases in local cost of health care and health insurance, and poorer health for residents in general.  Federal reimbursements for health services provided to the uninsured are needed by all States. It would be more equitable to States to distribute funding based on uncompensated care determined by the number of uninsured individuals in a State as a percentage of the total number of uninsured U.S. residents rather than simply immigration status. Under the current provision, over 50 percent of the funding would go to three States, and seven States, including Montana, might not receive any funding.  Distributing funding based on the number of uninsured will help all of us. I hope Senators Grassley and Baucus will work to explore ways in which we can address this extremely pressing issue for all States.  Another aspect of the legislation is a very serious one and one which troubles me significantly. It is the projection by CBO that 37 percent of Medicare eligibles who presently receive prescription drug coverage through an employer retirement plan will lose that coverage as a direct result of this legislation. Under this bill, over 4 million people will lose their existing prescription drug coverage.  This effect is particularly troublesome because many seniors with retiree coverage currently enjoy more generous benefits than would be provided to them under this legislation. We are all aware that some employers are already eliminating coverage or trimming back on the benefits offered to retirees. However, this legislation will likely accelerate this disturbing trend because employers see no reason to pay for a benefit the Government already provides.  I am deeply disappointed that the amendment offered by Senator Rockefeller, which would have permitted drug spending by employers to count toward the out-of-pocket spending requirements of the drug benefit, was not approved. I believe the Senator's amendment would have gone a long way toward eliminating a problem of employers dropping retiree health insurance coverage.  I am also particularly concerned that legislation may have negative implications for State and local government retirees and their families. States across the Nation are suffering from staggering budget shortfalls. This legislation might present an enticing opportunity for States to slash some of their costs by shifting their retiree health insurance costs on to the Federal Government by substituting what they currently offer for what is being proposed under the Grassley-Baucus plan.  I know this would have serious implications for the over 35,000 retirees and their families currently in the Rhode Island State employees pension system as well as the almost 20,000 employees who will be expecting these benefits when they retire.  Over the past several days, my colleagues and I have brought forth amendments that would have addressed the many recognized shortcomings in the pending legislation. We have repeatedly attempted to modify the bill in a way that would have provided a stable, universal, and affordable Medicare prescription drug benefit to the almost 40 million elderly and disabled beneficiaries in America.  I fear that the product taking shape in this Chamber is only going to disappoint beneficiaries by delivering a hollow benefit that will not meet their real health care needs. Even with an additional $12 billion in resources, this body is choosing to experiment withthe privatization of Medicare over providing enhanced benefits to seniors or eliminating the gap in coverage under this plan.  For these reasons, I am unable to support this legislation. I am deeply disheartened to be reaching this conclusion, but elderly and disabled Medicare beneficiaries deserve better than the proposal before this Chamber. I only wish we were seizing this historic opportunity to provide them with a benefit they need and deserve and can be sure they will get.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  