 Mr. President, once again, I rise to offer my final amendment of the evening, and I again commend Chairman Specter and Senator Harkin for their efforts.  My amendment is designed to increase funding for libraries and museums. I am pleased to be joined by Senators Kennedy, Bingaman, Corzine, Levin, Lautenberg, Sarbanes, Boxer, Schumer, Johnson, and Feinstein in offering this critical amendment.  The appropriations bill before us essentially levels or cuts the funds in the library and museum accounts for this fiscal year.  The Federal Government has a long history of supporting our Nation's libraries and museums. The Federal Government started providing direct assistance to public libraries in 1956 and funding to museums in 1976. So this is a function we have taken on for many decades.  We all understand that museums and libraries are rich sources of culture and learning. They are part of the fabric of our intellectual and civic life in every community, small and large, throughout America. Libraries have been the foundation of education for years. They are vital sources of literacy training, of community activities, and so many things that are important to the quality of life in every community in America. Our museums bring into the lives of our people great art, scientific discoveries--indeed a host of discoveries and amazing items that educate, inform, and, inspire the people of this country. These institutions are more important now than ever because we must recall our past to deal with a very difficult present and a challenging future.  These facilities are also in great demand. If you speak to librarians and museum directors, they would like to stay open longer and offer additional programs and services because the demand is there, but the funds are not there.  We are facing these issues and facing this appropriations bill just a few weeks after we passed the Museum and Library Services Act of 2003. This body passed it with strong, bipartisan support. It would reauthorize these Federal programs for the next 6 years.  Among the many aspects of the bill that passed was providing for a doubling of the minimum allocation to each State, which is very important to smaller states like Rhode Island. Also, it established a reservation of 1.75 percent for museum services for Native Americans, to match the reservation currently provided for library services.  We are charting down a new reauthorization path but, unfortunately, we have not been able to, in this appropriations bill, match the design for that authorization. Indeed, this is one of those situations in which the President's budget is much more robust with respect to funding than the Appropriations Committee's proposal to the Senate. The President sometimes gets criticized for not following through, and then we have to do more. This is a case where the President's proposals have been strong with respect to museums and libraries.  For example, in the No Child Left Behind Act, we authorized a program called Improving Literacy through School Libraries. This program is designed to provide library resources to schools throughout this country, a central part of learning. The bill before us would fund that at $12.4 million. The President requested $27.5 million because I believe both the President and the First Lady recognize the importance of school libraries and books and materials for those libraries.  I was the principal author of this legislation in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, and I feel very strongly that we must make a greater commitment to our nation's school libraries. Too often when you go to a school library, you find books that are out of date--vastly out of date--or books that are insufficient in number or quality for students to truly learn.  Indeed, in an ideal world, every young American should have two libraries to call upon: A good school library and a good neighborhood public library. This will allow them to learn, to explore, and to understand that education is not just the hours in school, but it is every opportunity they have to read and to explore on their own.  I hope we could raise our efforts to increase the level of funding to $27.5 million, the President's proposal, and not the funding level contained in the bill. Indeed, the President, in his statement of administration policy on this bill, said:       The administration also urges the Senate to provide the      full request for . . . Literacy Through School Libraries.  My amendment will also increase funding for the Library Services and Technology Act by $24.1 million to bring the new total to $171.48 million. This increase in funding for the Library Services and Technology Act would reach the President's funding request of $169.6 million for library State grants plus provide an additional $1.6 million needed to double the minimum State allotment which is a key reform in the recently passed Museum and Library Services Act of 2003.  If we do not follow through with this funding, we are going to inhibit the ability of libraries to serve their neighborhoods. We are going to inhibit the ability of libraries to take part in literacy programs which is one of the centerpieces of the President's overall educational policy. We see it every day in our hometowns and across our States, where libraries cut back hours, cut back access, cut back collections and, indeed, as many States face fiscal crises, one of the first areas that is cut in State budgets is libraries and museums.  I believe we should be able to, hopefully, step into the breach and help a bit more.  My amendment would also boost funding for the Museum Services Act by $5.18 million to again reach the President's funding request. Our museums are key partners not only of our educational programs but also of our culture and our national memory. I hope we can increase funding in this regard.  This is a modest amendment, in total increasing resources by $43.36 million that will directly help our museums and libraries throughout the country.  I reiterate that I understand the difficult challenge both Senator Specter and Senator Harkin face in trying to fund all of these programs. I think they would be the first to point out how valuable they are. I feel very moved to point out how I believe we can do better. In this case, simply matching the President's request would do much better.  My amendment is fully offset for fiscal year 2004. It achieves this by rescinding fiscal year 2004 advance appropriations and reappropriating those funds in fiscal year 2003. This is the same mechanism Chairman Stevens and Chairman Specter used to add $2.2 billion to the underlying appropriations bill.  I urge my colleagues to support museums, libraries, and the Reed amendment.  I yield the floor.  