President, once again, I have to commend Senator Specter and Senator Harkin for trying their best to meet extraordinary demands with very limited resources. In this case, it is with respect to childhood immunization. This is an issue that is too often taken for granted because it has been such a success throughout many decades in American public health. They have tried extremely hard to maintain these funds. They did not accept the President's proposal for a $28 million decrease from the previous year's funding.  Nevertheless, the CDC, the principal Federal agency for immunization policy and implementation, after enjoying several years of increases, will only receive a $5 million increase over last year's funding for global vaccine activities. Regrettably, it is not sufficient to continue meeting the challenge of vaccinating all of our children and truly protect children from diseases that are preventable through immunization.  States and public health authorities throughout the country are facing difficult issues of increased prices for vaccines and increased demands for services. These factors argue very strongly for increased funding, not level funding.  Right here in the District of Columbia, school began last week and the school department is struggling to contend with thousands of children who are not up to date with respect to their vaccinations.  The amendment I offer today, in conjunction with Senators Murray, Durbin, and Cantwell, would increase funding for the CDC National Immunization Program by $50 million. This additional funding will ensure that State and local immunization programs can maintain their commitment to protecting the health and well-being of our children.  One of our greatest successes in the area of public health has been the campaign to have all children properly immunized by the age of two. During this century, substantial progress has been made toward eliminating and controlling many vaccine-preventable diseases. Simply level funding this effort will not allow us to stay ahead of the problem but to actually lose ground in this public health campaign. That is why I am proposing this amendment.  Immunization initiatives have a proven track record of success. They are terribly cost efficient. Our efforts today have resulted in high levels of coverage around the country and record low numbers of outbreaks of diseases. In fact, by looking at this chart, you can see the success we have enjoyed with immunizations for vaccine-preventable diseases, including diphtheria, measles, mumps, polio, and rubella. These diseases struck fear in the hearts of Americans many years ago.  Today, we see a record of success in which diphtheria, for example, has been reduced by over 99 percent on an annual basis; measles has been reduced by 99 percent; polio, which when I was a young child was the most dreaded disease one could imagine, has been eliminated in the United States. This is a testament to the success of immunizations. We have to do more than what we were doing last year just to maintain current services.  Now, the other factor that we have seen in terms of the success of immunization is the direct and indirect savings when it comes to health care costs. For example, for every dollar invested in the hepatitis B vaccine for infants at birth to 2 months of age, that dollar saves $14.50 in direct and indirect costs. The mumps, measles, and rubella vaccine saves about $23, or approximately $9 billion each year. This is an incredibly cost-effective program as well as a very necessary program. We cannot rest on our laurels. We have achieved this success, but if we relent and do not continue to put in the effort, we will find ourselves with fewer children immunized and higher incidence of disease outbreaks.  There is another factor, and that is at the time we are funding these immunization programs, we are discovering that science is making great breakthroughs and creating new vaccines, but these vaccines add to the cost of the program.  This chart illustrates the recommended immunization schedule in the year 2003--hepatitis shots, diphtheria shots, polio shots, et cetera. Allof these are multiple dosages over a number of months. All of them are expensive or getting more expensive. So what we have here is an increased demand not only in terms of children but also in terms of the vaccines and the immunizations they must receive.  The CDC is at the heart of our efforts. This chart depicts the six stages or elements of a good immunization program: community assessment; outreach and education; delivery of the recommended vaccines by providers; followup; tracking; maintenance of coverage rates and outbreak control. On all of these efforts, CDC is using their resources by giving grants to States, by making vaccines available under their programs.  This is an involved, intricate, and, frankly, expensive program that we must support. To do otherwise would risk what I fear would be a lack of progress in the days ahead with respect to the protection of our children in particular.  Now, the next chart illustrates one other aspect of the dilemma that is facing public health authorities--many more vaccines to be delivered, and also the cost of vaccines are going up, particularly the latest vaccine added to the inventory, the pneumococcal vaccine. The diagram describes the recommended vaccines in 1985. Back then, it was diphtheria, polio, and 1-2 MMR, or measles, mumps and rubella. Also, notice that the cost per child was very low, relatively speaking. Today, in 2003, with additional vaccination requirements, that cost has shot up significantly. So the range is almost $450 compared to $50. That is putting a greater burden on States, causing an additional need for Federal resources.  One of the things that is happening because of the clash of demand and limited Federal resources is that, in some cases, we are seeing a two-tier immunization system. Now, 32 States have implemented the new pneumococcal vaccine using Section 317 funds; 19 States have not done it. So in many respects, these 32 States are on the leading edge of providing total protection--or as much as we can ensure today for children--and yet 19 States are lagging behind. The principal reason for that is the inability to finance these new vaccines. Another very important reason we must, I believe, increase the appropriation this year for our immunization program.  You can see by these charts that we are beginning to lose a little bit of ground. This was 2001. The blue figures are the highest levels of vaccination, ranging from 80 to 89 percent. The yellow are the passing, if you will, 70 to 79 percent. The red is 60 to 69 percent of coverage.  Back in 2001, there was one State, Louisiana; and in 2002, because of strained resources, we are seeing many more red States show up. They are Louisiana, Oklahoma, Colorado, New Mexico, and other States are on the decline in terms of coverage. This is another reason why we have to insist--at least I feel it is important enough to insist--that we increase funding for this very important program. We all, as I said initially, sometimes take for granted that our vaccine programs are working, that polio and rubella and measles are something of the past.  You can just look around the country at some of the headlines we are seeing in local newspapers: ``Whooping Cough Rates Soar in Three Oregon Counties.'' This one says ``Tetanus Continues to Pop Up in the U.S.'' ``Officials Warn of Pertussis Outbreak.'' ``Whooping Cough Cases Could Double.'' There are other examples.  It reminds us that we cannot take immunization for granted. I know the chairman has tried valiantly to put more resources into this program. I urge my colleagues to do what they can to support this amendment so we can increase funding for this very worthwhile and very efficient program.  I yield the floor.  