President.  During this period of time, the Attorney General, therefore, granted a different form of relief known as deferred enforced departure, which was used to shelter the population of Liberians in the United States from immediate deportation.  But I think the point is, it is quite clear we have recognized the legal right of these people to stay in the United States because of the turmoil in Liberia for more than a decade.  That turmoil today is even worse. It is reaching a crisis proportion, so much so that the President of the United States is actually contemplating the use of American forces or certainly American support for an international peacekeeping mission.  Now, I have given this long and complicated history to suggest that we have a population that each year waits anxiously for a decision by the Attorney General whether to be sent back to a very difficult environment.  We are talking about 15,000 people in the United States. There is a humanface to this. They cannot tell an employer they can take a job for 2 years. They do not know if their children can go off to college for 2 or 3 years because you cannot give those assurances. They pay taxes, but they do not qualify for benefits. And many of these Liberians have lived in the country longer than the 5 years of residency required for citizenship.  What I have done for several years is introduce legislation to allow these individuals to become permanent residents as a step towards citizenship. I have been supported by my colleagues, Senators Chafee, Kennedy, Corzine, Durbin, and Hagel because we believe--and particularly at this moment we believe--it is appropriate to give these Liberians in America a sense of permanency.  Let me say, this would not be a unique occasion. We have, in many other instances, extended coverage like this to other nationals. We have had situations in which we have allowed people staying in our country to adjust to permanent residency status.  For example, in 1998 Congress passed a law allowing four national groups, who were in similar situations, staying in the United States at the discretion of the Attorney General to adjust to permanent residency status: 4,996 Poles, 387 Ugandans, 565 Afghanis, and 1,180 Ethiopians.  In the 102nd Congress, we passed a law that allowed 52,968 Chinese nationals with deferred enforced departure to apply for permanent residency and then citizenship because they were victims of Tiananmen Square.  In the 105th Congress, we passed the NACARA legislation. Under this law, 150,000 Nicaraguans, 5,000 Cubans, 200,000 El Salvadorans, and 50,000 Guatemalans were given the chance to reach permanent residency status.  In 1999, we passed a bill allowing 2,000 Syrian Jews to accede to permanent residency en route to citizenship.  My legislation would not set a precedent, but it would provide support and comfort, and I think long overdue justice, to 15,000 Liberians in this country.  Mr. President, I hope we can work together in the near future to make this legislation law.  I thank my colleagues for listening to this speech about Liberia. We have two functions: One, to provide assistance internationally to help the people struggling there; and then to provide a sense of permanency to those Liberians who are here.  I yield the floor.  