 I compliment my colleague and friend, Senator Enzi from Wyoming. We have worked on several issues with respect to the pharmacy benefits. It has been a pleasure and it has been productive, not only for ourselves but for the professional pharmacy community. Pharmacists are the third largest health care profession in the country in terms of numbers of practitioners, and they are becoming increasingly more central to our health care system.  This amendment is designed to accomplish two very important objectives with respect to the proposed Medicare pharmacy benefit for seniors. First, its aim is to assure transparency and accountability in the collection and dissemination of negotiated savings by Medicare prescription drug benefit plans and Medicare Advantage plans. Second, it is designed to guarantee Medicare beneficiaries access to community pharmacies when filling prescriptions of 90 days or longer. Without the Enzi-Reed amendment, these protections, these safeguards, these essential elements would not be present in the bill we are considering today.  This language is very similar to proposed language included in the counterpart legislation being deliberated in the other body. If we are to rely upon private companies to negotiate and administer a benefit on behalf of the Federal Government as well as on behalf of tens of millions of elderly and disabled beneficiaries, we need to be sure these entities operate with the best interests of these parties in mind and not simply and exclusively their bottom line. Through this amendment, plans will be required to disclose to the Government the extent to which they pass on to Medicare beneficiaries rebates, discounts, and any other savings negotiated from the drug manufacturers.  We all recognize one of the essential elements of this legislation is the notion that private pharmacy benefit management companies will negotiate with pharmacies and manufacturers to get the best possible price. We hope that best possible price is passed on almost entirely to the beneficiaries and to the payers, which include the Federal Government. It would be ironic, indeed, if we establish a system in which the intermediaries gained huge profits, while the Government and beneficiaries continue to pay substantial sums for the pharmaceutical benefits.  By requiring disclosure of negotiated savings by drug plan administrators, we guarantee a greater degree of transparency and make sure beneficiaries are getting the best possible savings on their prescription drugs. The essence of the Enzi-Reed amendment is let the markets operate, but make sure everyone has complete information about who is reaping the benefits of these negotiated transactions between purchasers and suppliers of these pharmaceuticals.  Since beneficiaries are expected to pay anywhere between 50 percent and 100 percent of the cost of drugs--those individuals in the gap would be paying 100 percent of the cost of drugs--we have to make sure they are getting the best possible deal. This amendment will go a long way towards ensuring that actually happens.  If the PBMs do not pass these benefits and negotiated savings along to the public and the Federal Government, then we all should know. This amendment will ensure that level of accountability.  Second, the Enzi-Reed amendment allows beneficiaries to receive 90-day prescriptions and other related benefits through community pharmacies. Senator Enzi represents the great State of Wyoming in which a pharmacy--I am sure in some of the smaller communities--might be the only source of pharmaceutical supplies and medical advice and many other things. Pharmacies are an important part of the fabric of a community. To deny seniors the right to get their pharmaceutical supplies from these pharmacies would not only be wrong but inefficient. If that is where they would like to get their prescriptions, they would be assured they can get the benefit through the local pharmacy under this amendment.  Rhode Island is a little different from Wyoming, but pharmacies in Rhode Island have the same role in the lives of seniors, particularly in terms of getting their benefits and other important health care services. This amendment would allow beneficiaries to obtain 90-day supplies through the community pharmacist, wherever they are.  This does not exclude mail order, but it simply makes sure it is not the only option that seniors have; that they can continue to rely upon the local pharmacy for their benefits.  I should say something else. Not only is the local pharmacy a source of pharmaceuticals, it is usually an excellent source of advice and assistance by trained pharmacists. Increasingly, these pharmacists are taking on a very important role in advising seniors, within the limits of their practice, as to the appropriate use of pharmaceuticals and are also a source of advice on many other health care issues. So I hope my colleagues would agree that we should encourage the use of local pharmacies. This amendment will help do that.  I again commend Senator Enzi for his work and leadership on this issue. We share a common belief that professional pharmacy is a critical part of our health care system. If we allow pharmacists to operate, we will get the benefit of their expertise, and it will redound to the health needs of our seniors and to the financial responsibilities that we face in enacting this legislation.  I urge all my colleagues to support this amendment.  I yield the floor.  