President. Once again, we are engaged in the early hours of the morning in a discussion about judges and the role of the Senate, and our role is stark. We have the responsibility under the U.S. Constitution to give advice and consent to the nominations of the President of the United States, not advice and approval, not just advice, but advice and consent. That requires the Senate to take a very active role in reviewing the qualifications of nominees who come before us and making judgments about their ability to serve as members of the Federal judiciary.  We take that seriously. I think that responsibility implies that at times we have to disagree with the President. Itis not unusual that such disagreements take place. This whole debate, I believe, might begin and end with a very simple statement of fact, 168 to 4. One hundred sixty-eight of President Bush's nominees have been reviewed by this Senate and have been confirmed. Four have not. It suggests to me that the Senate is properly discharging its responsibilities to advise and consent with respect to the nominees of the President to the Federal judiciary.  In fact, of those 168 individuals, they represent, I would suspect, jurists who have a conservative outlook, probably a different outlook than I have, on certain issues. Yet they represent both in terms of their conduct personally, but just as importantly their judicial temperament and their judicial philosophy, individuals who uphold the tradition of the Federal judiciary at the level of the district and circuit court individuals who follow law, not try to make it, who do not impose their views on the case before them but, in fact, follow precedence, who follow the guidance of the Constitution and the Congress in establishing the law.  It is in those cases and the very few cases, 4 out of 168, where there seems to be a record of ideological commitment rather than legal scholarship, of political--with a small p--interest, rather than a judicial temperament that is fair and balanced, that the President's nominees have not passed the test.  An example of this is the comment I made in May of 2003 when I contrasted the nomination of Judge Edward Prado to the pending nomination of the Texas Justice Priscilla Owen. Judge Prado served 19 years on the United States district court. He is someone who has a record of fairness and evenhandedness. I would suspect, since he is a nominee of President Bush, that he has a conservative outlook in his approach to cases. But he is an appropriate judge. He follows precedence. He does not insert his particular philosophy, his particular ideology, into the cases before him. As a result, he was confirmed, an example of the 168 judges who have been confirmed by this Senate on behalf of President Bush.  The four who did not pass the test were those whose record suggested that they were not evenhanded, they were not balanced; that indeed they inserted political or ideological bias in the conduct of their decisions. In that case, I think it is not only appropriate but it is our responsibility, as the constitutional body entrusted with advice and consent, to register our consent and to register our protest. And we have.  This is not an unusual circumstance in the history of this Senate and of this country. There have been instances several times when Republicans have used the device of cloture votes and filibusters to express their concern about the qualifications or quality of a judicial nominee. It goes back many years, and it certainly continued into the administration of President Clinton. Abe Fortas, whose nomination as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States was subject to cloture votes, was subject to attempted filibusters by the Republicans. So were Rosemary Barkett and Stephen Breyer as a judicial nominee for the circuit court. Justice Breyer is now a member of the U.S. Supreme Court. In fact, I was here yesterday morning and listened to my colleague, the junior Senator from Missouri, talk about how Justice Breyer was at a conference he was attending and how he was articulate and appropriate, and might not be someone he philosophically agreed with but that he was a good judge--but Justice Breyer was the subject of cloture motions and a filibuster.  