Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the schedule for the week to come, and I am pleased to yield to Mr. McCarthy, the majority leader-elect. I appreciate his stance. We had the opportunity to have lunch. I am hopeful that we can have a very productive relationship, as I am sure this House and the country is.  I am pleased to yield to my friend, Mr. McCarthy, the majority leader-elect.  Mr. McCARTHY of California. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I look forward to a very strong working relationship with you.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning-hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning-hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. On Friday, no votes are expected.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a few suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today.  In addition, the House will consider H.R. 5016, the fiscal year 2015 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, sponsored by Chairman Ander Crenshaw. Members are advised that debate on the bill and amendments will begin Monday night after the 6:30 p.m. vote series. Members are further advised that it is possible that we will have an additional vote series Monday night on amendments to the Financial Services Appropriations bill.  For the remainder of the week, the House will consider a package of five tax bills from Ways and Means that will help foster charitable giving. These five bills that will be included are H.R. 2807, the Conservation Easement Incentive Act of 2014, authored by Representative Jim Gerlach; H.R. 4619, making the rule allowing certain tax-free distributions from Individual Retirement Accounts for charitable purposes permanent, authored by Representative Aaron Schock; H.R. 4719, which will permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory, authored by Representative Tom Reed; H.R. 3134, the Charitable Giving Extension Act, authored by Representative Mike Kelly; and H.R. 4691, modifying the tax rate for excise tax on income investment for private foundations, authored by Representative Erik Paulsen.  The House will also likely consider the highway extension bill to ensure that the vital transportation projects continue during the busy summer construction season.  Finally, Members are advised that the House may also consider an extension of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act.  I thank the gentleman.  