Speaker, I rise to thank two of the finest legislators in California's history for their contributions to our nation and to this body over the past forty years.  Henry Waxman and George Miller were both elected in the post-Watergate Democraticwave election of 1974--one from Southern California, the other from Northern California. They have served together through many legislative battles that have shaped the modern history of our country, and they have each chaired committees during times of momentous change and achievement. It has been my privilege to call both of them my friends, and it will be my disappointment to see both of them leave this House when they retire at the close of the 113th Congress.  Henry Waxman has spent his four decades in Congress as a tireless fighter for clean air and water, a stronger economy that creates opportunities for all Americans, and a strong U.S.-Israel relationship. He worked hard to raise awareness about the dangers of tobacco and worked across the aisle to help lower the cost of drugs used to treat those with rare diseases. Henry wrote major legislation on food safety to inform consumers about the nutritional value of what they eat and to keep chemical pesticides out of the fruits and vegetables we feed our children.  He and George Miller both helped lead the effort to pass the Affordable Care Act and expand access to affordable health insurance to more Americans.  George has served as Chairman of both the Natural Resources Committee and the Education and Labor Committee--now called Education and Workforce. On the first, he oversaw the passage of legislation that created new national parks, like Joshua Tree and Death Valley, and he worked to protect wildlife across the country and around the world. On the Education and Workforce Committee, of which he is still the Ranking Member, George helped write legislation to reform and expand student loans, was instrumental in crafting the new G.I. Bill to send Iraq and Afghanistan veterans to college, and worked to pass the College Cost Reduction Act to make higher education more affordable for all Americans. He and I worked together in 2009 to enact statutory PAY-GO rules to ensure that Congress must pay for what it buys--rules George pioneered in the early 1980's when he wrote the first PAY-GO legislation.  Both George and Henry will leave big shoes to fill in the next Congress, and I look forward to working with the Democratic Members their constituents chose to succeed them in order to carry forward the work they have been engaged in for forty years. I join with a grateful nation and a grateful House in thanking them both for their many years of distinguished service to Congress, to the people of California, and to the United States.  