Speaker, I thank my friend, Congressman Paulsen, who represents the district that Bill Frenzel represented.  I came here, Mr. Speaker, in 1981. Bill Frenzel was a Member of Congress at that point in time, and as Congressman Paulsen pointed out, we served together for the following 10 years. But as he also pointed out, we continued to work thereafter because of joint interests that we had.  I think Congressman Nolan caught the essence of Bill Frenzel very well, and I would associate myself with his remarks. But I would also add that the American people want us to work together. What I have said since the election is, look, all 435 of us share two things in common: one, we are all Americans; two, our people all sent us here to make America better. Those two things we share in common. And we share the expectations of the American people that we will do that which we can agree on together and not allow that on which we do not agree to undermine our ability to work on that on which we do agree. Bill Frenzel got that message. Bill Frenzel lived that kind of life. Bill Frenzel was that kind of Member of Congress.  Bill Frenzel could be pretty sharp. I don't mean bright, I mean sharp-tongued, if he thought if you were you were going off, as Congressman Nolan said, in the wrong direction. I am happy to say that I was never the object of that, but Bill Frenzel wanted you to be candid, be straightforward, be intellectually honest and not play games. He was prepared and, in fact, did the same.  Bill Frenzel in his private life working with Brookings continued his public life's commitment to rational, responsible government. As Congressman Paulsen pointed out, I am a very big advocate of fixing our debt, fixing it in many ways through the kind of policies that Bill Frenzel recommended, policies which say to both sides, look, we both have interests; we have got to accommodate those interests, but we have got to accommodate a bottom line. Be real, in other words.  Mr. Speaker, Bill Frenzel was a Republican, I am a Democrat, but we were first Americans. I felt it a great honor to learn from Bill Frenzel, to respect his intellect and his insights, and to respect the quality of his service and his willingness to work with others to do what the American people expect all of us to do: make their country better.  Mr. Speaker, I rise with Mr. Paulsen to honor an American who served his country well, an American of whom we can all be proud, of which his family clearly is proud, and rightfully so. But his colleagues were proud of him on both sides of the aisle.  I want to say to his wife, Ruth, we send our sympathies, but we share with you that pride in Bill Frenzel's contribution to his country, to this institution, and to each of us.  Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a friend and former member of the House who passed away on Monday.  Bill Frenzel served the people of Minnesota's Third District for twenty years.  Bill was a Republican.  I am a Democrat.  That difference did not stand in the way of the respect I had for him or our friendship as colleagues in this House.  Though we did not agree on every issue, Bill and I found common ground on our shared concern for fiscal sustainability and the necessity of compromise to achieve bipartisan progress.  As a Korean War veteran, a businessman, and a legislator, Bill exemplified the highest American values of service to community and country.  In the years following his retirement from the House, where he had served as ranking member on the Budget Committee, he continued his service by remaining a powerful voice for bipartisan budget solutions and a more sustainable fiscal future at the Brookings Institution.  He also served as a co-chair of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget.  We need more people in Washington like Bill who believe strongly in the importance of bipartisan compromise when it comes to our budget and making the tough choices necessary to afford the investments we need to make in a more competitive economic future and greater opportunities for our people.  I join in offering condolences to his wife Ruth and their three daughters--Deborah, Pamela, and Melissa--their grandchildren, and the entire extended Frenzel family.  May Bill's memory inspire greater bipartisan cooperation in this House in the months and years ahead.  