In fact, it is the exact opposite. An extension      to June could be a death sentence for the bank.  I sincerely pray it is not.  Congress has a responsibility to make sure the bank's charter is extended beyond June. We need a multiyear reauthorization along the lines of the one proposed by Ranking Member Waters and Representative Denny Heck.  The Export-Import Bank is instrumental in helping small businesses access foreign markets, and uncertainty over its future has already cost American businesses lucrative trade deals.  I urge us between now and June to come together in a bipartisan way to move forward with legislation that achieves this goal. I believe if the House is allowed to vote, we will achieve that objective, as we have in the past.  While I oppose this provision, I will vote for the amendment and for final passage of the continuing resolution, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I think it is in the best interest of America, the best interest of our national security, and I urge this House to act in a way that will make our constituents proud and safer.  Mr. McKEON. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I have a letter that was written to myself and Ranking Member Smith from four of our leading experts in the area, former Ambassadors to the area, and former generals: Ryan C. Crocker, Robert S. Ford, General Jack M. Keane, and General David H. Petraeus. This letter was dated this morning:       Dear Chairman McKeon and Ranking Member Smith:       We write to express our strong support for congressional      authorization of the provision of assistance and training to      properly vetted members of the Syrian opposition.       The Free Syrian Army is simultaneously fighting both the      murderous regime of Bashar al-Assad and the barbaric Islamic      State in Iraq and al-Sham. Providing greater assistance to      the Free Syrian Army is the United States' best opportunity      to develop a moderate force that is capable of defeating ISIL      and bringing about a post-Assad Syria that is free of terror.       As you may know, Free Syrian Army forces have recently      achieved some successes on the ground against ISIL forces in      northern Syria, but their effectiveness is limited by their      lack of sufficient assistance and training.       Building up the moderate opposition in Syria will be a key      element of any successful strategy against ISIL. To be sure,      after 3 years of war, it will take a long time to build the      moderate opposition. But there is no viable alternative. The      United States must set to this task immediately.       Finally, we note that approval of this measure should not      prevent or circumscribe Congress from considering a properly      scoped authorization for the use of military force in the      future, or from otherwise revisiting or revising its position      on this issue as conditions on the ground evolve. But time is      of the essence, and we are convinced of the urgent need for      Congress to authorize this effort.       Sincerely, Ambassador Ryan C. Crocker; Ambassador Robert S.      Ford; General Jack M. Keane, USA, Retired; and General David      H. Petraeus, USA, Retired.  Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. Hunter), my friend and colleague, a member of the Committee on Armed Services.  