 One of the gentleman's colleagues that I know is very close to the Speaker, Senator Burr from North Carolina, said: ``Shutting down the entire government over something never did make sense to the American people, still doesn't and won't in the future.''  I know that you are committed and the Speaker is committed to not shutting down the government. I share that view with you and want to work towards that end. But there are those who do; and to the extent, therefore, that we get the government fully funded through September 30, we will not have that confrontation. I suggest, with all due respect to the leader, that if we delay a portion of that funding requirement, we are just going to have that fight 60 days from now or 90 days from now or however long this is put off when we have already agreed upon the numbers that those agencies will be funded at. But I understand what the gentleman says.  There are two other issues that I think are very, very important, one of which is TRIA. You referenced TRIA in your comments. We are very hopeful that we will follow the Senate in terms of a bipartisan engagement on this issue.  As you know, Mr. Leader, the Senate passed the TRIA bill, which extended the Federal reinsurance program for 7 years by a 93-4 vote. It was not close. There was an overwhelmingly bipartisan judgment that extending this would be good for business, good for insurers, good for contractors, good for jobs, and good for our economy to give, again, confidence that there would be the insurance available so that people could undertake construction projects either in urban, suburban, or rural areas.  I would hope very much that we could bring a bill to the floor next week, Mr. Leader, that extends for no less than 2 years--I would pull that out of it because it is less than, because I know you have the chairman of the Financial Services Committee who does not want to do the 5 years or 7 years. But the way we are going to give confidence to people in this economy is to give them some ability for long-term thinking.  If TRIA ends, there are going to be many, many projects that will not be undertaken in the private sector--forget about the public sector--which I know the gentleman from California wants to see, additional economic activity in the private sector.  As you know, 45 House Republicans have written to Speaker Boehner, and in that they said: ``We respectfully urge you to schedule action on a multiyear extension.'' That would be at least 2 years. ``Businesses with terrorism coverage are being told thattheir coverage will end if Congress fails to act, causing the sort of uncertainty that hurts economic growth.''  Those are 45 of your Members, your colleagues, our colleagues who have made the observation. I think, therefore, for all the reasons they articulated, they are right. I have said that just now.  They also indicate, Mr. Leader, that there are at least, therefore, in this Congress, over 230 votes to pass a TRIA extension with a 5-year window. I say that because every Democrat will vote for a long-term TRIA extension. Forty-five of your Members have written a letter clearly indicating they support that. That gets you well over 230 votes. I think a majority of your party would vote for that as well. So I think we would probably get closer to 300 votes. But I would hope that we would do that because I think that is in the best interest of our country.  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY of California. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  As the gentleman was correct in my announcement, I did announce that we will have legislation on TRIA on the floor next week. And I take what the gentleman said prior, about not wanting to shut the government down, and I am glad that you feel the same way. I just, at times, get concerned with the news reports that I hear from your leader--I don't know if they are true or not--from inside your own conference about trying to withhold votes. I hope that we can continue the working relationship that we have developed and, into the new Congress as well, work together, because no one on this side of the aisle ever wants to shut the government down. That is why we will bring forth legislation that will not shut the government down and protects it at the same time.  