 Very frankly, we can't impose my way or the highway in this House, Mr. Speaker, as you well know. The Republicans are in the majority. We can't impose any way. We can simply ask for some way for it to be brought to the floor. It can be brought forth individually, the ENLIST Act.  I would ask, Mr. Speaker, whether the majority leader believes the ENLIST Act is going to be brought to the floor. I would ask him whether any of the bills that are passed out of the Republican Judiciary Committee are going to be brought to the floor. They passed out over 6 months ago.  A bill out of the Homeland Security Committee to deal with border security passed out of the committee some 4-plus months ago, and it has not been brought to this floor.  We are not looking for my way. We are looking for any way--some way. We are looking for a path--a way--to get to addressing this issue, and there has been no way. He is correct, but it is not we who are imposing no way.  It is the failure to bring a bill to the floor, Mr. Speaker, that we can consider. In a transparent way, the House can work its will, which, of course, was the commitment that Speaker Boehner made when he became the Speaker of this House.  That is the problem. It is not what the President does, and it is not what the Senate does, but it is what we are not doing on this House floor, and that is bringing options to the floor, so that we can vote up or down, and maybe we will lose.  There were four bills out of the Judiciary Committee that we didn't largely support, but the Republican leadership on the committee supported those bills, and the majority of the Republicans supported those bills. They are not to the floor. So it is a question of not doing it your way. We are doing it no way.  I continue to be frustrated when the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, responds to me that, somehow, they don't trust the President. Presumably, they trust their committee chairs. Presumably, you trust yourselves, and presumably, if you bring something to the floor, you trust that you will vote the way you believe as we will do on this side of the aisle.  Maybe some on our side of the aisle will agree with you, and maybe some on your side will agree with us, but if we don't bring it to the floor, it is no way, and we are not going to get much progress there.  There are two other issues I will discuss briefly, unless the majority leader wants to respond to that. The Voting Rights Act, he and I have had brief discussions about that. I know he has expressed himself publicly.  Mr. Leader, is there any possibility of our making progress on the Voting Rights Act between now and the August break?  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the majority leader.  