He leads with a bill that is entitled American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2014.  As the gentleman knows, we have an agenda which I have talked to him about briefly. We call it Make It In America, which is essentially about growing manufacturing and encouraging manufacturers to return to the United States and encouraging people when they want to go into manufacturing to do so here in America.  Not only will that provide for a ``Made in America'' label all over the world, but it will also provide the kind of middle class jobs and opportunities that we need.  Part of that agenda, I will tell my friend, is to make permanent the research and development tax credit. This bill does that. This bill also costs somewhere in the neighborhood of $150 billion, maybe a little less, over 10 years. It is unpaid for.  The series of bills that were passed by the Ways and Means Committee will cost $310 billion. They are also unpaid for. I suggest to my friend--and as he knows, I preach relatively regularly that one of the things that we need to do for the business community and for America is to get ourselves on a fiscally sustainable path.  Mr. Camp offered a comprehensive piece of legislation, Mr. Leader, as you know, which I think was an honest effort, but it also made hard choices. It made hard choices not to increase the deficit and, therefore, provided offsets for tax cuts. I think that is absolutely essential for us to do.  This bill that we will consider next week, which is a proposition I think most of us support, and that is giving businesses the insurance that the research and development tax credit will in fact be available not only for 1 year, but for a series of years--in this case, I believe 10 years.  What the business community doesn't need and what America doesn't need is making the deficit worse. As a matter of fact, Mr. Leader, your party talks a lot about bringing the deficit down. This goes in exactly the opposite direction, and I think that is lamentable. I said $150 billion. It is actually $155 billion over 10 years.  I would hope that the party that is demanding that unemployment insurance be paid for, that is demanding that the sustainable growth rate be paid for, and that any change in the sequester be paid for, ought to have consistency and not add $155 billion to our deficit in a vote next week on something that I think we are all for; and it is easy, Mr. Leader, as you well know, to vote for tax cuts--easy. It takes no courage whatsoever.  I have been at this business 45 years. It has been my experience that, over those 45 years, it is easy for Members to vote for tax cuts. What is hard to do is to pay for the policies you adopt. This bill does not do that. This bill makes the deficit worse, exacerbates the lack of confidence that Americans have in the fiscal responsibility of their country, and puts us in a worse place.  So I would hope, Mr. Leader, that before this bill comes to the floor, that you and the Rules Committee and Mr. Camp, as he did in the bill that he offered to this House, which was, frankly, dismissed out of hand because it made tough decisions, this bill makes no tough decisions. It has a tax cut. It has all the candy and none of the spinach.  It is all good, and nobody has to pay the price. Nobody has to take responsibility. I think that is lamentable, and I would hope that, before this bill comes to the floor, there would be a way to pay for this bill.  I want to suggest to you that there is a way to pay for it. There is a way to pay for the other extenders that the committee wants, and that is by passing a comprehensive immigration bill.  Mr. Boehner indicated that that was not being done because it was tough and people didn't want to do tough things. I understand that. It is hard to do tough things. That is why they are called tough. Mr. Boehner now says he was kidding when he said that.  My view is he was deadly serious, and the reason we are considering this bill next week is because it is easy to do. The reason we are not considering comprehensive immigration reform is because it is difficult, but comprehensive immigration reform would pay for all of the tax cuts that are being proposed in these six extenders and, indeed, in all of the extenders that are proposed by the Senate Finance Committee.  They only proposed that for 2 years, not 10 years, but it would pay for all of them. In fact, CBO says if we pass comprehensive immigration reform, it would mean $200 billion for the next 10 years and $900 billion over the next 20 years.  In December, the Budget Committee chairs, Mr. Ryan and Mrs. Murray, were able to come up with a substantial sequester replacement. We ought to be able to do that as well.  Let me close this part of my comment with two quotes, one from Republican Secretary of the Treasury Hank Paulson, who said:       As a general rule, I don't believe that tax cuts pay for      themselves.  And then Mr. Alan Greenspan, who initially said in 2001 and 2003 that he thought the tax cuts would pay for themselves. However, upon review of those tax cuts, he came back in response to a question on ``Meet the Press'' from David Gregory, and the question was:       You don't agree with the Republican leaders who say tax      cuts pay for themselves?  Mr. Greenspan:       They do not.  So all of your Republican colleagues are being asked to vote for a $155 billion increase in the deficit, which they all say they want to bring down. I am sure they will get up and rationalize--as they did in 1981, in 2001, and 2003--that those tax cuts would magically grow the economy, so that they would not exacerbate the deficit. In the 33 years I have been in Congress, that has not been our experience.  So, Mr. Leader, I very sincerely hope that we can join together in a bipartisan way and support this legislation because it is the right thing to do in terms of growing manufacturing, and it is the right thing to do in bringing down our deficit to pay for it.  I yield to my friend.  