 I know the gentleman is very concerned about that. We are very concerned about it on our side, and his Members are very concerned about that. We believe that the Export-Import Bank is an economic growth and an economic confidence-building measure, and we would hope we could address that.  There are also, as the gentleman knows, 41 House Republicans who have signed a letter urging that that be passed and indicating their support of it. We believe every Democrat on this side will vote for that. That is almost 200 people, and with the 41, it clearly makes a majority of this House.  We think it could be passed on this floor, and we think it would have a very positive effect on the economy, so we would urge the gentleman to consider very carefully with his colleagues whether or not we could move forward on that.  Lastly, I would say to the gentleman that we are very concerned about the children who are coming to the border. We are concerned about the process of making sure that this humanitarian crisis is dealt with in a constructive, positive way for the children, but also in a way that gives clear notice that America cannot have borders which are simply open, but must be able to authorize people to come into this country and not have them come in, in an unauthorized fashion.  In that respect, I don't know whether the gentleman had an opportunity to see The Wall Street Journal editorial today, but they made it very clear that one of the problems is that, because the system is broken and because we have not passed comprehensive immigration reform--and the gentleman, of course, based upon where he lives, obviously will probably be one of our more knowledgeable Members on this issue--that people cannot come across the border and then return in a fashion which will provide for work here by them and also for their not only coming here, but then leaving without an expectation they will ever be able to visit or work again--either family members or for the purposes of work.  We continue to believe that the passage of comprehensive immigration reform would be a solution and ameliorate the present crisis that we see at our borders, and we continue to hope that comprehensive immigration reform will also be an item on the agenda.  Although we have 22 days left between now and our October 2 projected adjournment, the expectation, I think, of all of ours is that we will come back in a postelection session--a so-called lame duck session. Either before that, in the next 22 days or in the session after the election, we believe it is critically important to address the immigration issue.  The gentleman and I have had some opportunity to discuss this over thelast number of months, and I know he is very knowledgeable about this issue and sensitive to this issue, and I would hope that we could work together to see whether or not we could put a bipartisan bill on the floor sooner, rather than later.  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY of California. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I appreciate the gentleman's bringing up the crisis at the border.  Many of the Members in this House, on both sides, have been down to the border personally to see the crisis, and I think that is very important for all elected officials to go see.  We have a task force working on this right now. I know the President has put forth a supplemental--and the Appropriations Committee is currently reviewing the President's request for a supplemental, but I do not anticipate that coming up next week. As we look toward the remainder of July, we will keep you posted--and others--and I look forward to working with the gentleman further on other issues.  