Speaker, I yield to the majority leader, Mr. McCarthy, for the purpose of inquiring of the schedule for the week to come.  I want to, first, congratulate the majority leader on his reelection. I want to congratulate him on the expansion of his majority--not something that I was seeking, but it is the reality. I know that all of us look forward to moving forward and to, hopefully, having a degree of cooperation that will respond to what, clearly, the American people want, and that is the two sides to be working together to make their country better and more successful.  And so I want to congratulate the majority leader, and at this point in time I will yield to the gentleman for the purpose of telling us what the schedule is for the week to come.  Mr. McCARTHY of California. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I appreciate your comments.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. On Friday, no votes are expected.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week. A complete list will be announced by close of business today.  In addition, the House will consider three bills aimed at alleviating burdens imposed on small businesses by EPA practices. The first, H.R. 1422, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act, sponsored by Representative Chris Stewart, would establish board member qualifications. The second, H.R. 4012, the Secret Science Reform Act, sponsored by Representative David Schweikert, would prohibit EPA from finalizing a regulation unless the data is made public. The third, H.R. 4795, the Promoting New Manufacturing Act, sponsored by our majority whip, Steve Scalise, will bring much-neededtransparency to the EPA permitting process.  I thank the gentleman.  