Carson and Mr. Barletta for bringing this bill to the floor.  Mr. Speaker, for the 23rd straight year, I am proud to sponsor this resolution that allows the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to hold its 73rd annual race on the grounds of the United States Capitol on June 14, which, by the way, Mr. Speaker, happens to be my birthday. As Mr. Carson pointed out, and as Mr. Barletta has said, this is a longstanding tradition that brings young people from around the area to the Capitol for a fun and educational achievement.  In 1938, Mr. Speaker, Norman Rocca beat 223 other racers to win the inaugural Greater Washington Soap Box Derby, which was held on New Hampshire Avenue. Over the years, thousands of the region's young people have participated in this great race. Dozens of boys and girls, ranging in age from 8 to 17, are divided into three divisions: stock, super stock, and masters. The local winner of each division will qualify to compete with racers from around the world in the All-American Soap Box Derby in Akron, Ohio.  America's soap box derbies have been called the ``greatest amateur racing event in the world.'' Every year, they bring young people together with their parents and teach sportsmanship, hard work, and pride of accomplishment, not to mention engineering and the awareness of how you make something that makes a difference. The spirit of competition that fuels these racers is the same spirit that has long energized our Nation's businesses and innovators, which all of these young people are and, hopefully, will continue to be. The young participants in these derbies are often sponsored by community groups, police departments, fire departments, and others who recognize in them great promise for the future.  I continue to be incredibly proud of those from Maryland's Fifth District who participate. We have celebrated a number of soap box derby champions from the Fifth District, including the winners from 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012, and 2013. You can see that the soap box derby is very important and popular in my district. The winners in 2007 and 2008 went on to prevail in the national championship. All of last year's winners were from Maryland's Fifth District: Aspen Tomasello, who won the stock division; Brittany Sorli, who won the super stock division; and Jay Warnick, who won the masters division and who went on to become the third St. Mary's County resident--the county in which I live, the most southern county in our State--to win the All-American Soap Box Derby in 6 years. We are very proud of them all.  I want to thank those Members who have cosponsored this resolution: Representatives Gerry Connolly, John Delaney, Donna Edwards, Jim Moran, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Chris Van Hollen, and my dear friend Frank Wolf.  I urge my colleagues to support this resolution and to come and see the soap box derby in action.  