I attempted to comply with the requests of Senators Grassley, Lott, Specter, and Enzi. We did that.  One was voted down. I know the Republican leader, who has been my friend for years, was disappointed at the committee vote on the nomination of Judge Charles Pickering. He argued strongly for the judge, as he should. The Senator from Kentucky, Mr. McConnell, argued strongly for him and gave an excellent argument for him before the committee, as did the Senator from Ohio, Mr. DeWine.  I tried to afford Judge Pickering--who, incidentally, still has a lifetime tenure as a Federal judge--every courtesy. I extended the time. I had a second hearing. I extended the time for the vote. I was willing to do all that.  But I still have to decide how I vote. I remember for a Democratic President and a nominee he very much wanted, I voted against him for some of the same reasons, the exact same reasons, in fact, that I voted against Judge Pickering. He was voted down in the committee--just as Judge Pickering was, and that was the end of it.  I do not want to go back to the situation where almost a third of President Clinton's court of appeals nominees waited more than 300 days from nomination to confirmation, an average of 441 days for these individuals; nearly a quarter waited more than a year, 20 percent waited more than 500 days, 6 waited more than 700 days, 2 waited more than 1,000 days, and one waited more than 4 years--if they got hearings at all.  Judge Helene White of Michigan waited more than 4 years. She never got a hearing. In fact, 56 percent of President Clinton's circuit court nominees in the last Congress, nominated or renominated in 1999-2000, were not acted upon by the Judiciary Committee. I am trying to repair that damage.  That is why we are moving forward--we are moving forward as quickly as we can, and I will continue to do that.  No matter what is said on the other side, no matter how much things are taken out of context, no matter how much fiction we hear on the floor from that side, I will move them forward.  Mr. President, how much time is remaining?  