President, I am pleased that the Senate has, at long last, taken up the Drug Competition Act of 1002, S. 754. Prescription drug prices are rapidly increasing, and are a source of considerable concern to many Americans, especially senior citizens and families. Generic drug prices can be as much as 80 percent lower than the comparable brand name version.  While the Drug Competition Act is a small bill in terms of length, it is a large one in terms of impact. It will ensure that law enforcement agencies can take quick and decisive action against companies that are driven more by greed than by good sense. It gives the Federal Trade Commission and the Justice Department access to information about secret deals between drug companies that keep generic drugs off the market. This is a practice that hurts American families, particularly senior citizens, by denying them access to low-cost generic drugs, and further inflating medical costs.  This has been a genuine bipartisan effort, and I must thank all my colleagues, including Senator Hatch who has a long-standing interest in these issues, subcommittee Chairman Kohl who has worked with me from the start on this effort, and particularly Senator Grassley, who has worked hard to reach consensus on this bill that will help protect consumers.  The issue of drug companies paying generic companies not to compete was exposed in recent years by the FTC, and by articles in major newspapers, including an editorial in the July 26, 2000, the New York Times, titled ``Driving Up Drug Prices.'' This editorial concluded that the problem ``needs help from Congress to close loopholes in federal law.'' And while the FTC has sued pharmaceutical companies that have made such secret and anticompetitive deals, as the then-Director of the Bureau of Competition Molly Boast testified before the Judiciary Committee in May 2001, the antitrust enforcement agencies are only finding out about such deals by luck, or by accident. Most recently, the FTC has issued a comprehensive study of the generic pharmaceutical industry which explicitly supported passage of S. 754.  Under current law, the first generic manufacturer that gets permission to sell a generic drug before the patent on the brand-name drug expires, enjoys protection from competition for 180 days--a headstart on other generic companies. That was a good idea--but the unfortunate loophole exploited by a few is that secret deals can be made that allow the manufacturer of the generic drug to claim the 180-day graceperiod--to block other generic drugs from entering the market--while, at the same time, getting paid by the brand-name manufacturer to not sell the generic drug.  The bill closes this loophole for those who want to cheat the public, but keeps the system the same for companies engaged in true competition. The deals would be reviewed only by those agencies--the agreements would not be available to the public. I think it is important for Congress not to overact and throw out the good with the bad. Most generic companies want to take advantage of this 180-day provision and deliver quality generic drugs at much lower costs for consumers. We should not eliminate the incentive for them. Instead, we should let the FTC and Justice look at every deal that could lead to abuse, so that only the deals that are consistent with the intent of that law will be allowed to stand. This bill accomplishes precisely that goal, and helps ensure effective and timely access to generic pharmaceuticals that can lower the cost of prescription drugs for seniors, for families, and for all of us.  