Much has been accomplished in Afghanistan over the course of the last year. The brutal Taliban regime has been vanquished to the ash heap of history. Thousands of Afghans have returned to their homes, and our humanitarian efforts have raised the standard of living of many Afghans.  We have spent billions to win the war. I fear, however, that unless we dramatically increase our efforts there we could lose the peace. The humanitarian situation in Afghanistan remains critical. Thousands of people are still homeless and as winter comes, so too will the very real threat of widespread hunger, even famine. Afghans whose homes were mistakenly bombed have not been helped. There are reportsthat some Afghans are starting to return to refugee camps in Pakistan. It is a very dire situation.  We have a moral duty to help the people of Afghanistan. Beyond that, there are critical U.S. interests at stake in ensuring that this country becomes peaceful and prosperous. That's why I was pleased when, earlier this year, President Bush called for a Marshall Plan for Afghanistan.  I commended him for that important announcement, but since that time we have not seen the resources put behind these statements. No one is asking the Administration to spend 13 percent of the entire federal budget, as we did with the original Marshall Plan. But the Administration did not even ask Congress for a single cent for Afghanistan in its budget for fiscal year 2003. The Foreign Operations Subcommittee was advised informally that the Administration planned to spend $98 million for relief and reconstruction activities in Afghanistan. The Subcommittee felt that this amount was still insufficient to adequately address the needs in Afghanistan, and provided $157 million, an additional $59 million.  I would also add that the Senate is not alone in its concern for the situation in Afghanistan. Just yesterday, I received a letter from the President of CARE, a non-partisan, relief organization with significant operations in Afghanistan, which stated:       President Bush has committed the United States Government      to work ``in the best traditions of George Marshall'' and      help the people of Afghanistan rebuild their country. For      this goal to be achieved, CARE believes that the      international community, led by the United States Government,      must do two things. We must provide at least $10 billion in      reconstruction funding over the next five years, and we must      respond positively to the requests of the Afghan Government      to expand the International Security Assistance Force beyond      Kabul as part of a comprehensive plan to improve security for      all Afghans  This letter goes on to say that a CARE report, ``finds that the U.S. Government has actually exceeded its one-year Tokyo pledge of $297 million, primarily in the form of humanitarian assistance. Our concern, however, is that the Administration, to date, has not made any long-term commitment to Afghan reconstruction.''  