President, I love reading Lewis Carroll. I remember Lewis Carroll and ``Alice in Wonderland.'' When I hear the descriptions of history today and listen to some of the discussion in the Senate, it brings me back to when I was a child. I extend my appreciation to my colleagues on the other side for livening our more serious times with a little bit of fiction.  They talk about how terrible it is we have some people--actually several of whom do not have blue slips--who have been here for several months and we have not had a hearing even though they know some of the blue slips are not in. We will be, as we go along, scheduling hearings, as compared to people who did have blue slips in when the Republicans were in charge. I think of Helene White. She waited 1,454 days. I do not recall a single Member of the Republican Party saying should she not at least have a hearing; even if we vote her down, should she not at least have a hearing. She did not even have a hearing or a vote in the committee; 1,454 days, not a word.  We have seen the crocodile tears today. Even though we are moving much faster than the Republicans ever did when there was a Democratic President, we see these crocodile tears for people who have been waiting a month or 2 months or even 3 months. No recognition of course that for some of that time the Republicans held the Senate majority and for some of that time they delayed the reorganization of the Senate and no recognition of the numbers of vacancies and problems they left for us to try to remedy. But 1,454 days?  I look at the other qualified nominees we had to wait for. There was another one, Fifth Circuit. H. Alston Johnson waited 602 days, no hearing. There was James Duffy, Ninth Circuit, 546 days, no hearing. And Kathleen McCree Lewis, extraordinarily competent attorney, daughter of one of the most respected solicitors general ever in this country, she waited 455 days and never received a hearing. There was Kent Markus of the Sixth Circuit who waited 309 days under the Republicans and never got a hearing. And Robert Cindrich of the Third Circuit who never received a hearing in over 300 days.  Then there were the nominations that were held up without a hearing such as Judge James Beaty who waited 1,033 days, no hearing. James Wynn, Fourth Circuit, 497 days, no hearing. Enrique Moreno, Fifth Circuit, waited 455 days, never got a hearing. Jorge Rangel, the Fifth Circuit, 454 days, never received a hearing.  Allen Snyder, the D.C. Circuit; now I will give them credit, he waited 449 days and finally did get a hearing. Of course, they never brought it to a vote in the committee, but he did receive a hearing. He and Bonnie Campbell, the former Iowa Attorney General had hearings but never were on the Committee agenda for a vote.  So as I say, I enjoy fiction as much as the next person. I heard a great deal of it, along with the crocodile tears. It did enliven an otherwise slow-moving day.  On the one hand I know there are a number of Republicans who do want judicial nominees to go forward. I have had a dozen or more Republican Senators come to me and explain the situation they had in their State or their circuit with a judge they needed at home. I think in virtually every one of those cases, certainly in most of them, within a very few weeks, we had the hearings on those judges. They are all Republicans. We held hearings on them. They cooperated in bringing them forward. We put them on the Committee agenda and we voted them out, put them on the Executive Calendar and the Senate confirmed them and every single Democrat voted for them--over 40 judges. They voted for them, and they got through.  I remember shortly after the shift in majority last summer when we had nominations pending. We came to the August recess. Normally what we do by unanimous consent is keep the nominations here. The Republican leader said and objected and by Senate rule then all had to go back to the White House. Although we tried to keep them here, he objected. I was put in a bind and had no nominees whatever pending, even though I still held 2 days of hearings in the August recess in anticipation of the names coming back.  I got criticized by the Republicans for holding hearings during the August recess. Members get criticized for not holding hearings immediately; Members get criticized for holding hearings. One Republican--one Republican--showed up for 1 day of the 2-day hearings on President Bush's nominees and we got the nominees through.  I am looking forward to see where we are by July 10 of this year. That will be 1 year to the day from the time I had a fully organized committee and could start hearings. We held a hearing on judicial nominees, including a court of appeals nominee the very next day on July 11.  Incidentally, instead of going--as my friends on the Republican side--month after month after month after month after month after month without even holding a hearing on President Clinton's nominees, within 10 minutes of the time the Senate adopted a resolution reorganizing, I noticed the first set of hearings. They were on the calendar within a few weeks thereafter, notwithstanding the fact that up until July there was not a single hearing on any judge.  Democrats were not in charge from the end of January until June and into July. It was July when we took over a committees and had assigned members. The Republicans while in charge did not hold a single hearing. Ten minutes after the Senate reorganized, we started the process to hold hearings.  I mentioned what happened in the past not to say this should be tit for tat, by any means. I don't believe in that. The Republicans for 6 years under President Clinton were delaying, stopping hearings and not even allowing nominees to have hearings and not allowing them to have votes in the committee. And I knew if they had a vote in Committee they could be voted down and that would have been the end of it. If they vote them up, they come to the floor. That has been the precedent and practice of the Committee. My concernwas that they would not even give the nominees hearings, scores of nominees.  Sadly, we did have one judge who they voted through the committee twice, and then on a party-line vote voted him down on the floor, including Senators who voted for him in the committee who then voted him down on the floor. That was done without warning, without notice and on the first party-line vote on the Senate floor to defeat a judicial nominee I can remember. Even with the other controversial nominations of the last several years, such as the nomination of Judge Bork to the Supreme Court, some Democrats voted for him and some Republicans against.  I do not believe in tit for tat and have not engaged in pay back. I have been here 27 years, several times in the majority and several times in the minority. I believe we should go forward. That is why I have been moving much faster on judges than the Republicans ever did for President Clinton.  I intend to continue to move faster. We set up a process. When we have a hearing, we have at least one court of appeals judge, something not consistently done during the time the Republicans were in charge. I intend to do that.  They can try to change what the record is. They can try to change the history.  I am stating what I intend to do. We are moving to hold more hearings than they did. We are moving faster on confirmations than the Republicans ever did for President Clinton. I am not going to put us back to the kind of thing they did to President Clinton. Ultimately, it damages the independence of the Judiciary.  However, I would like to see at least a modicum of cooperation from the White House. If they send up judges from a circuit or State where they have not sought any consensus from the Senators from that State, of course they will have difficulty. I have been here with six Presidents from both parties. Every one of those Presidents consulted with Senators from the State where the judges came from. That does not mean Senators can nominate the judges; the President nominates judges. But they sought consensus first. When they did this, they always went through.  I have already voted for some 40 conservative Republican nominees as judges from President Bush. I have voted for more than 120 of the President's executive branch nominees in the Judiciary Committee, ranging from U.S. attorneys to senior Justice Department officials. I assume the judicial nominations that we have considered were Republicans, and I assume conservative Republicans; I voted for all but one of them so far.  However, there has to be consensus. And people that are not ideologues; people who will enforce and apply the laws and not try to remake them, and people who will instill fairness in their courtrooms and those nominees I have always supported, not people who will legislate and make laws--that is our job. We may do it poorly, but that is our job.  This year we were talking about cooperation. Senator Grassley is one of the most respected members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, former chairman of the Finance Committee. I served with him both on the Judiciary Committee and the Agriculture Committee for a quarter of a century. He asked if we could proceed with Judge Melloy of Iowa to the Eighth Circuit. In the past, Republicans had held up judges from Iowa. I thought Senator Grassley made a good case. I told him I would proceed, as soon as we came back in session this year. And I did.  We have also held hearings this year on Judge Pickering and Judge Smith at the request of Senators Lott and Specter. Senator Enzi asked for a hearing on Terrence O'Brien of Wyoming to the Tenth Circuit. We moved as quickly as we could and held his hearing this week. So the four Court of Appeals nominees on whom we have had hearings this year were each at the request of a Republican Senator.  Of the 48 judicial nominations on which we have had hearings --for those who think this is partisan--25 came from States with no Democrats in the Senate and 12 came from States with one Republican Senator. So 37 of the 48 nominees were basically from Republican States. We moved forward. That is the bipartisanship I want. By the way, the other 11 are not all from States with two Democratic Senators. Far from it. The remaining 11 include four nominees to federal courts in the District of Columbia and among them was the former Republican Chief Counsel of the Senate Judiciary Committee for Senator Hatch.  It is difficult and takes a certain amount of time to do this, but Senators often ask to move right away on a nomination, and I try to be accommodating. But when Senators then come on the floor and say we are not moving fast enough on somebody else well, we can only do so many.  Only 1 of over 160 nominees before the Judiciary Committee over the last nine months has been voted down. When people ask: Why aren't we moving faster and doing more? Part of the answer is that it took 4 days over several weeks to have hearings and a vote on that one controversial nominee. In those 4 days, let alone the hours and hours and days of preparation, we could have gotten a dozen judges through. I dare say that we will spend more time in the debate this afternoon than we have debating the 14 judges confirmed so far this year.  I inherited a vast number of judicial vacancies, including longstanding problems, especially political problems. I am doing my best to change that. I am doing my best to move forward.  I urged that we get rid of the secret holds and make blue slips public. And now we finally have. Republicans did not do that when they were in the majority. I have urged the Rules Committee to take the position, if the Democrats are in majority next year, to divide the budget 50/50. I have had Republicans chair portions of hearings this year and have reported bills introduced by Republican Senators. These things did not occur in the recent past.  If we stop the partisanship and the confrontational tactics of last year and this last week and if we show cooperation, if the White House got involved and did those things, we could speed this up. Consult and work with Senators--we will go forward faster.  The President, for whom I have great respect, has had an enormous amount on his plate since September 11. I understand. However, there are some, unfortunately, who advise him who come with the idea they can only have judges they have signed off on by particular special interest groups. Then there will be a confrontational battle. It should not be that way.  Check how it was done under the last six Presidents with whom I have served. Find out how it was done. It was done by trying to work together. If we do that, maybe things were work more smoothly. Instead, the President's key political adviser in the White House appeared before an ideological advocacy group last week and committed--actually, recommitted--the administration to selecting judicial nominees to reflect a hard right ideology, an ends-oriented judicial philosophy. That is unfortunate. Can you imagine if Bill Clinton had gone before a group and said: I am only going to select judicial nominees to reflect a hard left ideology, and an ends-oriented judicial philosophy? You thought some had to wait 1,000 days to even have a hearing or were denied a hearing--can you imagine what would have happened if the Clinton administration had done that? It is wrong when the Bush administration does that.  All that says is, if that person is confirmed and if you are a litigant before that judge, basically what the President's political adviser was saying is, unless you reflect a hard right ideology and an ends-oriented judicial philosophy, forget about coming before this judge because you are not going to have fair treatment.  People ask me if I have a litmus test. I sure do. My litmus test has been the same with the six Presidents with whom I served, and I voted against Democratic nominees when I believed they didn't follow this litmus test. That is, if somebody comes before that judge, whether they are conservative, liberal, rich, poor, white, black, Republican, Democrat, north, south, wherever they are from, plaintiff or defendant--they can look at that judge and say: Whatever happens in this case, I know I have had a fair judge. That is my one litmus test.  When the Presidential adviser actually goes before a political advocacygroup and says we are not going to do that, we have to have nominees who reflect a hard right ideology and an ends-oriented judicial philosophy, that is wrong. That is wrong.  Actually, what that tells me is that rather than succumb to a notion of advice and rubberstamp, we had better do what the Constitution says, advice and consent, and go through the process carefully.  I say, again, we are scheduling hearings on judicial nominations and have continued to schedule hearings in spite of the unfair criticism because I do want to get through as many good judges as possible and fill as many of the vacancies I inherited as fast as possible. I will consider a number of factors: Consensus of support for the nominee, the needs of the court for which he was nominated, and the interests of the home State Senators.  I have served with 270 Senators, I believe, since I have been here. I have found more and more how important it is to rely on the views of home State Senators, Republican and Democratic alike.  Mr. President, how much time remains to the Senator from Vermont?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Reed). The Senator from Vermont has approximately 8 minutes remaining.  