President, with today's votes on these judicial nominations to the Federal district courts in Pennsylvania, the Democratic-led Senate will have confirmed 63 judicial nominees since the change in Senate majority a little more than 1 year ago. I commend Majority Leader Daschle for having worked through the problems created by the White House's refusal to proceed in a bipartisan way with nominations to bipartisan boards and commissions and for having worked with Senator McCain to get to this point.  I understand Senator McCain's frustration with the White House and how it is treating nominations but thank him for allowing us to proceed with these judicial nominations at this time. In fact, this majority leader has worked hard to bring these nominations to the floor and his efforts have included having to proceed by way of cloture on three nominees in the last few weeks. He has gone the extra mile and that should be acknowledged.  Similarly, the Judiciary Committee continues to make efforts that were not made by the Republican leadership.  We have held hearings on a record number of nominees and reported a record number of nominees. Seventy-five judicial nominees have been voted on by the Judiciary Committee since the change in majority last summer. This week we will hold a hearing for the 82nd, 83rd, 84th and 85th judicial nominees, including our 18th circuit court nominee. We have proceeded with nominees to fill vacancies even though Republicans held up moderate nominees by President Clinton to those same vacancies. We have confirmed new judges for the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Circuit courts of appeals for the first time in three, six and five years, respectively. So much for the partisan critics who scream about a blockage of President Bush's nominees by Democrats in the Senate. The facts are that we have been fairer to President Bush's nominees than the Republicans were to President Clinton's.  Today is another example. The Senate has acted quickly on these nominations to the district courts in Pennsylvania. Joy Flowers Conti participated in a hearing in May, within weeks of her paperwork being complete. I know that Senator Specter strongly supports Ms. Conti's nomination, as well as Mr. Jones, and he specifically requested that she be accorded a hearing as soon as possible. Likewise John Jones received a hearing in May, shortly after his paperwork was completed.  With today's votes on two Pennsylvania nominees, the Judiciary Committee will have held hearings for 10 district court nominees from that State, including Judge Davis, Judge Baylson, and Judge Rufe, who were confirmed in April, and Judge Conner, who was just confirmed last Friday. Those confirmations illustrate the progress being made under Democratic leadership and the fair and expeditious way this President's nominees are being treated.  With today's confirmations, there is no State in the Union that has had more Federal judicial nominees confirmed by this Senate than Pennsylvania. I think that the Senate Judiciary Committee and the Senate as a whole have done well by Pennsylvania. Contrast this with the way vacancies in Pennsylvania were left unfilled during Republican control of the Senate, particularly regarding nominees in the western half of the State.  Despite the best efforts and diligence of my good friend from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, to secure confirmation of all of the judicial nominees from every part of his home State, there were seven nominees by President Clinton to Pennsylvania vacancies that never got a hearing or a vote.  A good example of the contrast is the nomination of Judge Legrome Davis. He was first nominated to the position of U.S. District Court Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania by President Clinton on July 30, 1998.  The Republican-controlled Senate took no action on his nomination and it was returned to the President at the end of 1998. On January 26, 1999, President Clinton renominated Judge Davis for the same vacancy. The Senate again failed to hold a hearing for Judge Davis and his nomination was returned after 2 more years.  Under Republican leadership, Judge Davis' nomination languished before the committee for 868 days without a hearing. Unfortunately, Judge Davis was subjected to the kind of inappropriate partisan rancor that befell so many other nominees to the district courts in Pennsylvania during the Republican control of the Senate.  The lack of Senate action on Judge Davis's initial nominations is in no way attributable to a lack of support from the senior Senator from Pennsylvania. Far from it. In fact, I give Senator Specter full credit for getting President Bush to renominate Judge Davis earlier this year and commended him publicly for all he has done to support this nomination from the outset.  This year we moved expeditiously to consider Judge Davis, and he was confirmed in just 84 days.  The saga of Judge Davis recalls for us so many nominees from the period ofJanuary 1995 through July 10, 2001, who never received a hearing or a vote and who were the subject of secret anonymous holds by Republicans for reasons that were never explained.  In contrast, the hearing we had earlier this year for Ms. Conti was the very first hearing on a nominee to the Western District of Pennsylvania since 1994, in almost a decade, despite President Clinton's qualified nominees. No nominee to the Western District of Pennsylvania received a hearing during the entire period that Republicans controlled the Senate in the Clinton administration.  One of the nominees to the Western District, Lynette Norton, waited for almost 1,000 days, and she was never given the courtesy of a hearing or a vote. Unfortunately, Ms. Norton died earlier this year, having never fulfilled her dream of serving on the Federal bench. Today's confirmation vote on Ms. Conti will be the first on a nominee to the Western District of Pennsylvania in almost 8 years, since Judge McLaughlin and Judge Cindrich were confirmed in October of 1994. Despite this history of poor treatment of President Clinton's nominees, we continue to move forward fairly and expeditiously.  Large numbers of vacancies continue to exist, in large measure because the recent Republican majority was not willing to hold hearings or vote on more than 50 of President Clinton's judicial nominees, many of whom waited for years and never received a vote on their nomination. It is Democrats who have broken with that history of inaction from the Republican era of control, delay, and obstruction.  With today's confirmations of Judge Conti and Judge Jones to the Federal district courts in Pennsylvania, the Senate will have confirmed 51 district court nominees and 63 judges overall since the change in majority last summer. Contrast this with the Republican average, during their past 6\1/2\ years on control, of 31 district court judges a year and 38 judges a year overall. I congratulate the nominees and their families on their confirmations today and commend Senator Specter and Majority Leader Daschle for all they have done to bring us to this day.  