Most of those nominees have      been pro-life conservatives whose performance on the bench      the committee still judged to be fair and professional. For      example, last week the committee unanimously reported on      President Bush's choice of Federal District Judge Reena Raggi      of New York for the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the      Second Circuit.  Parenthetically, I might add that Judge Raggi was originally appointed by President Ronald Reagan, a conservative Republican who promised to appoint only judges who satisfied his litmus test.       The American people appreciate balanced judging, and thanks      to the Senate Judiciary Committee, they're getting it.  I ask unanimous consent that the editorial be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Through constant repetition, conservatives have managed to      make a code phrase out of ``judicial activism,'' applying it      to rulings that in their mind go beyond the words in      legislation or the U.S. Constitution. But conservatives      themselves are hardly immune from the problem.       Case in point: Texas Supreme Court Justice Priscilla Owen,      rejected last week for the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals      by the Senate Judiciary Committee because of her record of      making law from the bench. The committee made the right      decision for the American people.       Owen's activist judging has gone so far beyond the statutes      enacted by the Texas Legislature that she was even criticized      by fellow conservatives on the state Supreme Court, including      Alberto Gonzales, who is now Bush's White House counsel.       On abortion, age and employment discrimination, insurance      and tax matters, the former corporate oil lawyer repeatedly      embellished the plain language of the law to rewrite it to      conform with her own ideological views. She also found ways      to side consistently with corporations, including Enron,      which contributed generously to her Supreme Court election      campaign.       President Bush has accused the Senate Judiciary Committee      of blind partisanship, but the facts don't bear that out. In      less than two years, the Democratic-controlled committee has      approved more Bush nominees for the federal bench than the      Republican-controlled Senate Committee did in six years with      President Clinton.       Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) has held      hearings on 82 Bush judicial nominations, 80 of which have      been approved by the committee. Most of those nominees have      been pro-life conservatives whose performance on the bench      the committee still judged to be fair and professional. For      example, last week the committee unanimously confirmed Bush's      choice of Federal District Judge Reena Raggi of New York for      the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.       Nevertheless, Bush lashed out angrily at the Owen defeat:      ``I don't appreciate it one bit, and neither do the American      people.''       Quite the contrary, Mr. President. The American people      appreciate balanced judging, and thanks to the Senate      Judiciary Committee, they're getting it.  