President, with today's votes on Judge William Griesbach to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin and Justice Joan Lancaster to the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota, the Senate will have confirmed its 40th and 41st district court judges in the less than 10 months since I became chairman this past summer. This is in addition to the nine judges confirmed to the courts of appeal.  With today's votes, the total number of Federal judges confirmed since the change in Senate majority will now be 50. As our action today demonstrates, again, we are moving to confirm President Bush's nominees at a faster pace than the nominees of prior Presidents.  It took almost 14 months for the Senate to confirm 50 judicial nominees for the Reagan administration. It took more than 15 months for the Senate to confirm 50 judicial nominees for the Clinton administration. And it took nearly 18 months for the Senate to confirm 50 judicial nominees for the George H.W. Bush administration.  At the risk of offending some of my colleagues, we have confirmed 50 judicial nominees in 10 months--while it took the Senate nearly twice that amount of time to confirm the same number of his father's judicial nominees and nearly 50 percent more time to confirm the same number of President Clinton's and President Reagan's nominees. With today's confirmations, in the fewer than 10 months since the shift to a Democratic majority in the Senate, President Bush's judicial nominees have been confirmed at a rate of five per month, a pace nearly double that of the average for the last three Presidents, two of whom had Senates led by their own party.  The confirmation of these nominees today demonstrates our commitment promptly to consider qualified, consensus nominees. I commend Senator Kohl and Senator Feingold who worked with Chairman Sensenbrenner to utilize a bipartisan commission process to recommend District Court nominees as has been the practice in Wisconsin for over 20 years.  Once confirmed, Judge Griesbach, who is a well-regarded judge in Eastern Wisconsin, will be the first District Judge to sit in Green Bay, WI.  Justice Lancaster, like Judge Griesbach, received the support of her Senators, Democrats who endorsed this Bush nominee. Both nominees appear to be the type of qualified, consensus nominees that the Senate has been confirming expeditiously to help fill vacancies on our Federal courts. I congratulate them and their families.  With today's votes on Judge Griesbach and Justice Lancaster, in fewer than 10 months of Democratic leadership, 50 judicial nominees have been confirmed. That number exceeds the number of judicial nominees confirmed during all of 2000, 1999, 1997 and 1996, four out of six full years under Republican leadership. I would like to commend all Senators, but in particular the members of the Judiciary Committee, for their efforts to consider scores of judicial nominees for whom we have held hearings and on whom we have had votes during the last several months.  