President, I have joined today with Senators DeWine, Cantwell, Brownback, and Grassley to introduce legislation that will help State and local governments reduce crime by providing more effective treatment for the mentally ill. All too often, people with mental illness rotate repeatedly between the criminal justice system and the streets of our communities, committing a series of minor offenses. Their crimes occupy the ever scarcer time of law enforcement officers, diverting them from their more urgent responsibilities, and leave the offenders themselves in prisons or jails where little or no medical care is available for them. With this legislation, we are trying to give State and local governments the tools they need to break this cycle, for the good of law enforcement, corrections officers, our public safety, and mentally ill offenders.  I held a Judiciary Committee hearing in June on the criminal justice system and mentally ill offenders. At that hearing, we heard from State mental health officials, law enforcement officers, corrections officials, and the representative of counties around our Nation. All agreed that people with untreated mental illness are more likely to commit crimes, and that our State mental health systems, prisons and jails do not have the resources they need to treat the mentally ill, and prevent crime and recidivism. As this legislation's findings detail, 16 percent of adults incarcerated in U.S. jails and prisons have a mental illness, more than 20 percent of youth in the juvenile justice system have serious mental health problems, and up to 40 percent of adults who suffer from a serious mental illness will come into contact with the American criminal justice system at some point in their lives. This is a serious problem that has not received the legislative or public attention it deserves.  Under this bill, State and local governments can apply for funding to: a. create or expand mental health courts, which divert qualified offenders from prison to receive treatment; b. create or expand programs to provide specialized training for criminal justice and mental health system personnel; c. create or expand local treatment programs that serve individuals with mental illness or co-occurring mental illness and substance abuse disorders; and d. promote and provide mental health treatment for those incarcerated in or released from and penal or correctional institution. This new program authorizes $100 million for each of the next two fiscal years, and such sums as necessary through fiscal year 2007.  I would like to thank a number of people for their advice and involvement in this legislation. First, we would not be here today without the hard work of the Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law. I know that the Bazelon Center has additional ideas to improve this legislation, and I look forward to working with the Center as this bill moves through the legislative process. For example, I think we need to do more to ensure close coordination between the Department of Justice and the Department of Health and Human Services in designing and making these grants. Through this legislation, we are forcing States to bring together their health and law enforcement officials to make grant requests it only makes sense to have the joint perspectives of DOJ and HHS fully involved in evaluating those requests. This is an issue that we will continue to work on, and I hope we will continue to receive the input of the Bazelon Center as we do so.  Second, we have received great advice and support from officials in my State of Vermont. Susan Besio, the commissioner of Vermont's Department of Developmental and Mental Health Services, and John Gorczyk, the commissioner of Vermont's Department of Corrections, reviewed this legislation and offered their comments, which have been adopted in the version that we introduce today. Gary Margolis, the Chief of Police Services at the University of Vermont, testified at our June hearing and helped me understand the importance of this issue for law enforcement officers in Vermont and around the nation.  Third, the Council of State Governments has also provided invaluable assistance and advice on this issue. Indeed, their report on mentally ill offenders and the criminal justice system was instrumental in focusing the attention of the Judiciary Committee on this important topic.  Although I am pleased that we have introduced this bill before the end of this Congress, I think we all understand that the passage of meaningful mental health legislation may have to wait until the next Congress. I want to work with all of the officials and groups I have mentioned, the other sponsors of this legislation, and any other interested parties, to continue to make improvements to this bill. This is a topic that should be a priority for the Judiciary Committee next year, and I will work to make it so.  