President, with today's vote, the Senate will confirm the 12th judge to our Federal courts of appeals and our 61st judicial nominee since the change in Senate majority last summer. In little more than 1 year, the Senate Judiciary Committee has already voted on 75 of this President's judicial nominees, including 15 nominees to the courts of appeals. This is more circuit and district court nominees than in any of the previous 6\1/2\ years of Republican control. In fact, we have given votes to more judicial nominees than in 1996 and 1997 combined, as well as in 1999 and 2000 combined.  Despite the partisan din about blockades and stalls and inaction as well as absurd claims that judicial nominees are being held ``hostage''--the fact is that since the change in majority last summer the Senate, and in particular the Judiciary Committee, has been working at a much faster rate than in the 6\1/2\ years of Republican control. With respect to courts of appeals nominees, we confirmed the first of President Bush's nominees last July 20 and today we confirm the 12th. That is a confirmation rate of approximately one circuit court nominee confirmed per month. By contrast, in the 76 months in which Republicans were in charge, only 46 courts of appeals judges were confirmed, at a rate closer to one every two months. Thus, despite the additional obstacles and roadblocks that the partisan practices of the new administration have created and the partisan rhetoric of our critics, we are actually achieving almost twice as much as our Republican counterparts did. With a little cooperation from the administration and the nomination of more moderate, mainstream candidates, we would be even further along.  During the 76 months under the Republican control before the Judiciary Committee was allowed to reorganize, vacancies on the Federal courts rose from 63 to 110. Vacancies on the Courts of Appeals more than doubled from 16 to 33. That is the situation created by Republican inaction and that is the situation we inherited. Since the change in majority, confirmations have gone up and vacancies have been going down.  Courts of Appeals vacancies are being decreased rather than continuing to increase, despite the high level of attrition since the shift in Senate majority last summer.  Indeed, in the last year the Judiciary Committee held the first hearing on a Fifth Circuit nominee in 7 years, the first hearing on a Tenth Circuit nominee in 6 years, the first hearing on a Sixth Circuit nominee in almost 5 years, the first hearing on a Fourth Circuit nominee in 3 years, the first hearing on a Ninth Circuit nominee in 2 years. This week we held hearings on a third nominee to the Fifth Circuit in less than a year. This contrasts with the lack of any confirmation hearing on any of President Clinton's nominees to the Fifth Circuit in the last 5\1/2\ years of Republican control of the confirmation process, despite three qualified nominees to vacancies there.  The nominee being considered today is the first nominee to the Sixth Circuit to be given a vote by the Senate since 1997.  After that, the Republican majority locked the gates and despite a number of well-qualified nominees sent to the Senate by President Clinton between 1995 and 2001, none were allowed to receive a hearing or a vote for all of 1998, 1999, 2000 and the first 3 months of 2001. Most of the vacancies that exist on the Sixth Circuit arose during the Clinton administration and before the change in majority last summer.  Yet not one of the Clinton nominees to those current vacancies on the Sixth Circuit received a hearing by the Judiciary Committee under Republican leadership.  The Sixth Circuit vacancies are a prime and unfortunate legacy of the past partisan obstructionist practices under Republican leadership and one of a number of examples of circuits in which the vacancies were preserved rather than filled by the former Republican majority in the Senate.  That is what created the problem that we are now trying to correct. Vacancies on the Sixth Circuit were perpetuated during the last several years of the Clinton administration when the Republican majority refused to hold hearings on the nominations of Judge Helene White, Kathleen McCree Lewis, and Professor Kent Markus to those vacancies in the Sixth Circuit.  One of those seats has been vacant since 1995, the first term of President Clinton. Judge Helene White of the Michigan Courts of appeals was nominated in January 1997 and did not receive a hearing on her nomination during the more than 1,500 days before her nomination was withdrawn by President Bush in March of last year.  Judge White's nomination may have set one or a number of unfortunate records for obstruction established during the years 1996-2001. Her nomination was pending without a hearing before this committee for over 4 years 51 months.  She was first nominated in January 1997 and renominated and renominated through March of last year when President Bush chose to withdraw her nomination.  This was at a time when the committee averaged hearings on only nine courts of appeals nominees a year and, in 2000, held only five hearings on courts of appeals nominees all year. In contrast, Judge Gibbons was the 11th courts of appeals nominees voted on by the committee during the first 10 months of a Democratic majority.  As of today, the Democratic-led Judiciary Committee has held hearings for 17 of President Bush's courts of appeals nominees in less than 13 months, and we will hold our 18th hearing for a courts of appeals nominee this week.  Kathleen McCree Lewis, a distinguished lawyer from a prestigious Michigan law firm, also did not receive a hearing on her 1999 nomination to the Sixth Circuit during the years it was pending before it was withdrawn by President Bush in March 2001. She is the daughter of Wade McCree, a former Solicitor General of the United States and former Sixth Circuit judge.  Professor Kent Markus, another outstanding nominee to a vacancy on the Sixth Circuit that arose in 1999, never received a hearing on his nomination before his nomination was returned to President Clinton without action in December 2000.  While Professor Markus' nomination was pending, his confirmation was supported by individuals of every political stripe, including: 14 past presidents of the Ohio State Bar Association; more than 80 Ohio law school deans and professors; prominent Ohio Republicans, including Ohio Supreme Court Chief Justice Thomas Moyer, Ohio Supreme Court Justice Evelyn Stratton, Congresswoman Deborah Pryce, and Congressman David Hobson; the National District Attorneys Association; and virtually every major newspaper in the State.  Professor Markus summarized his experience as a Federal judicial nominee in testimony this May in a hearing before Senator Schumer. Here are some of things he said:       On February 9, 2000, I was the President's first judicial      nominee in that calendar year. And then the waiting began. .      . . At the time my nomination was pending, despite lower      vacancy rates than the 6th Circuit, in calendar year 2000,      the Senate confirmed circuit nominees to the 3rd, 9th and      Federal Circuits. . . . No 6th circuit nominee had been      afforded a hearing in the prior two years. Of the nominees      awaiting a Judiciary Committee hearing, there was no circuit      with more nominees than the 6th Circuit.       With high vacancies already impacting the 6th Circuit's      performance, and more vacancies on the way, why, then, did my      nomination expire without even a hearing? To their credit,      Senator DeWine and his staff and Senator Hatch's staff and      others close to him were straight with me.       Over and over again they told me two things: No. (1) There      will be no more confirmations to the 6th Circuit during the      Clinton Administration, and No. (2) This has nothing to do      with you; don't take it personally it doesn't matter who the      nominee is, what credentials they may have or what support      they may have--see item number 1. . . .       The fact was, a decision had been made to hold the      vacancies and see who won the presidential election. With a      Bush win, all those seats could go to Bush rather than      Clinton nominees.  As Professor Markus identified, some on the other side of the aisle held these seats open for years for another President to fill, instead of proceeding fairly on the consensus nominees pending before the Senate. Republicans were unwilling to move forward, even knowing that retirements and attrition would create four additional seats that would arise naturally for the next President. That is why there are now eight vacancies on the Sixth Circuit and why it is half empty.  Long before some of the recent voices of concern were raised about the vacancies on that court, Democratic Senators in 1997, 1998, 1999, and 2000 implored the Republican majority to give the Sixth Circuit nominees hearings. Those requests, made not just for the sake of the nominees but for the sake of the public's business before the court, were ignored. Numerous articles and editorials urged the Republican leadership to act on those nominations, to no avail.  Fourteen former presidents of the Michigan State Bar pleaded for hearings on those nominations.  The former chief judge of the Sixth Circuit, Judge Gilbert Merritt, wrote to the Judiciary Committee chairman years ago to ask that the nominees get hearings and that the vacancies be filled.  The chief judge noted that, with four vacancies--the four vacancies that arose in the Clinton administration--the Sixth Circuit ``is hurting badly and will not be able to keep up with its work load due to the fact that the Senate Judiciary Committee has acted on none of the nominations to our Court.''  He predicted: ``By the time the next President is inaugurated, there will be 6 vacancies on the Courts of appeals. Almost half of the Court will be vacant and will remain so for most of 2001 due to the exigencies of the nomination process. Although the President has nominated candidates, the Senate has refused to take a vote on any of them.'' Nonetheless, no Sixth Circuit hearings were held in the last 3 years of the Clinton administration, despite these pleas. Not one. Since the shift in majority last summer, the situation has been exacerbated further as two additional vacancies have arisen.  The committee's April 25th hearing on the nomination of Judge Gibbons to the Sixth Circuit was the first hearing on a Sixth Circuit nomination in almost 5 years, even though three outstanding, fair-minded individuals were nominated to the Sixth Circuit by President Clinton and were pending before the committee for anywhere from 1 year to over 4 years. We have not stopped there but have proceeded to hold a hearing on a second Sixth Circuit nominee, Professor John Rogers of Kentucky, and the Judiciary Committee has acted on that nomination, as well.  Large numbers of vacancies continue to exist on many courts of appeals, in large measure because the recent Republican majority was not willing to hold hearings or vote on more than half--56 percent--of President Clinton's courts of appeals nominees in 1999 and 2000 and was not willing to confirm a single judge to the courts of appeals during the entire 1996 session. As I have noted, from the time the Republicans took over majority control of the Senate in 1995 until the reorganization of the committee last July, circuit vacancies increased from 16 to 33, more than doubling.  Democrats have broken with the Republican majority's history of inaction. I certainly understand the frustration of Senator Levin and Senator Stabenow. I know first hand the efforts they have made to solve the problems in their circuit. I know that many of us have suggested ways to the White House to break through and resolve the impasse. As the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, despite my personal doubts and reservations about this nominee due to some of her decisions as a Federal district court judge, I will vote to confirm her, due to her overall record, her testimony before the committee and the strong support of Senator Thompson.  I respect the effort and views of Senator Thompson and want to send what help we can to the Sixth Circuit. Far from payback for Republican actions in the recent past, this action is being taken in spite of those wrongs and to begin solving the problems that they have created.  