We will begin voting on those nominees in about an hour.  I rarely predict the outcome of votes in the Senate. Having been here 28 years, I have had enough chances to be wrong in my predictions, but I will predict, with a degree of certitude, that these will be another four of President Bush's judicial nominees that we will confirm.  These confirmations demonstrate, as has been demonstrated with each of the judges we have confirmed in the past ten months, with the exception of one, that we have taken up nominees in the Senate Judiciary Committee, that they have gone through the committee and, when they have reached the floor, have been confirmed.  Democrats have demonstrated over and over again that we are working with the President on fundamental issues that are important to this country, whether it is our support for the war on terrorism, support for strong and effective law enforcement, or our effort to work collaboratively to lower judicial vacancies.  For a bit of history, when the Democrats took over the full Judiciary Committee in July of last year, there were 110 vacancies. My Republican colleagues had not held any judicial confirmation hearings at all prior to the time we took over, despite the fact that there were a number of pending nominations when they first came into power. Then there were, of course, nominations that President Bush sent to the Senate in May. But as of July, when we took over, the Republican-controlled committee had not held any hearings. Ten minutes after we took over the committee and I became chairman, we announced hearings on a number of the President's nominees.  I mention this to put in perspective that we have tried to move quickly. We inherited 110 vacancies. Interestingly enough, most of the vacancies occurred while the Republicans were in control of the Senate, notwithstanding the fact that former President Clinton had nominated people to fill most of those vacancies. But those nominees were never given a hearing. They were never allowed, under Republican leadership, to go forward.  Last Friday, when the Democratic Senators were out of town on a long planned meeting, President Bush spoke about what he now calls the ``judicial vacancy crisis.'' I was disappointed that the White House speech writers chose a confrontational tone and tried to blame the Democratic Senate majority, which has actually been the majority in the Judiciary Committee for only about 10 months.  The fact is, we inherited 110 judicial vacancies on July 10, 2001. The fact is, the increase in vacancies had not occurred on the watch of the Democratic Senate majority but in the period between January 1995 and July 2001, when the Republican majority on the committee stalled President Clinton's moderate nominees and overall vacancies rose by almost 75 percent--from 63 to 110. That is what we inherited because the other side would not hold hearings. Vacancies on the courts of appeals rose even more. They more than doubled, from 16 to 33.  I don't expect President Bush to know these numbers or to be that involved with them. But his staff does, and when they write his speeches, they ought to do him the favor of being truthful. They ought to know that the Federal judiciary is supposed to be independent and outside of partisan political battles, and they should not have drawn him into one, which makes it even worse.  It is bad enough when Republicans in the Senate threaten and seek to intimidate on this issue, but we are now being threatened with a shutdown of the Senate's business, a shutdown of committee hearings, a refusal to work together on unemployment, trade, and other important matters. It was bad enough when they utilized secret holds and stalling tactics in considering President Clinton's moderate judicial nominees, but now they bemoan the judicial vacancies that were created and take no responsibility for creating these vacancies. They seek to blame others. It is really too bad that the White House now appears to be rejecting all of our efforts--and they have been significant--at reconciliation and problem solving. Instead, the White House has joined the partisan attack.  The fact is, since last July, when we took over the majority, we have been working hard to fill judicial vacancies. We have had more hearings on more judicial nominees and confirmed more judges than our Republican predecessors ever did over any similar period of time. Actually, it is hard to know when there was a similar period in time. The Senate and the Judiciary Committee had to work in the aftermath of the attacks of September 11 and we kept on meeting. We were in this Chamber on September 12. We had the anthrax attacks on the Senate, on Majority Leader Daschle and, I hate to say, one on me, as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. The New York Times reported it as the most deadly of all. While working to fill judicial vacancies, we were also approving executive branch nominees--Attorney General Ashcroft and others--and we were considering the Antiterrorism Act.  In my 28 years here, I have never known a time when the Judiciary Committee, or any committee, was hit with so many things that it had to do in such a short period of time and under so much pressure. The Hart Building, housing half of the Senators, was closed down. At times, this building was closed down. Senator Daschle and I and our staffs were under actual physical attacks with the anthrax letters. I mention that because this afternoon we are going to hold our 18th hearing for judicial nominees within 10 months--unless, of course, the other side objects to our proceeding.  By the end of today, the Senate will have confirmed 56 new judges, including 9 to the courts of appeals, within the last 10 tumultuous months--an all-time record.  I am sorry that the White House and our Republican colleagues do not acknowledge our achievements but choose, instead, to only criticize. I regret that the White House and our Republican colleagues will not acknowledge that the obstructionism of the Republican Senate majority between 1996 and 2001 is what created what they now term a ``vacancy crisis.''  When they were engaged in those tactics, some Republicans defended their record then by arguing that 103 vacancies was not a crisis. They actually did that. They said in an op-ed piece that having 103 vacancies was not a crisis. They let it go to 110.  The Democratic majority has cut back those vacancies. We have not onlykept up with attrition, we have cut them back. Under a Democratic President, some Republicans said 103 vacancies was not a crisis, but now, with a Republican President, they say that 84 vacancies is a crisis--even as we confirm judges at a record pace.  I have been here with six Presidents--Republican and Democrat. I have never seen a time when any White House has made the issue of the makeup of the Federal judiciary such a partisan issue. I am a lawyer, as is the distinguished Presiding Officer. I have argued cases before Federal courts, both at the district level and at the appellate level.  One thing I have always known when I walked into a Federal court in America is that it is an impartial court, where you are not looked at as a Republican or a Democrat, whether you are rich or poor, whether you are white or black, plaintiff or defendant, or liberal, conservative or moderate. You can always go into a Federal court here and think that you will be treated on the merits of your case. That is why I regret the lack of balance and the bipartisan perspective that was lacking in the President's speech and in the comments of some of my colleagues.  The Senate would do a disservice to the country if we allowed ideological court packing of the left or the right, if we were to put a stamp on Federal courts and say: ``He who enters here, if you do not fit the ideological rubber stamp of this court, if you cannot respond and say you fit in a certain mold, according to the speeches of the President's advisers--a very narrow ideological spectrum--forget about it when you come in here.'' If anybody would take time to read a history book, they would understand that it is the Senate's role to ensure that the judges it confirms meet the standards for impartiality and fairness.  A very popular President, a wartime President, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, a revered President, tried to pack the courts, and the Senate said: no, you cannot do that. Every historian will tell you today: Thank goodness the Senate has stood up to a popular wartime President and said you cannot pack the courts because it would destroy the independence of the Federal judiciary.  I say this because sometimes we sit here and think we have to decide on issues just for today. We have a responsibility in the Senate to decide issues for history's sake and for the good of this country. I want to know that each one of us can go back to our constituents and say that we have preserved an independent judiciary. That does not mean just all one party. I have voted for hundreds upon hundreds of judges who stated that they were Republicans. I have voted for hundreds of judges nominated by Republican Presidents. But I will not allow an ideological shift one way or the other on the courts.  I have voted for judges whom I know have a different personal view on the right-to-life issues than I and who have taken different positions on the death penalty. But I knew they would be fair judges. I will continue to do that. That is our responsibility as Senators to our country, to the judiciary, and to history.  With today's votes, the number of Federal judges confirmed since the change in Senate majority 10 months ago now totals 56. Under Democratic leadership, the Senate has confirmed more judges in 10 months than were confirmed by the Republican-controlled Senate in the 1996 and 1997 sessions combined. We have accomplished in less than 1 year what our predecessors and critics took 2 years to do. It took a staunchly Republican majority 15 months working closely with the Reagan administration to reach this number of confirmations, confirmations we have achieved in just 10 months.  Of course the ``anniversary'' of the reorganization of the Judiciary Committee after the shift in majority last year is not until July 10, more than 2 months from now. On July 10 last year we inherited 110 judicial vacancies, including 33 on the courts of appeals. Since then, 30 additional vacancies, including 5 on the courts of appeals have arisen. This is an unusually large number. Nonetheless, through hard work and great effort, the Democratic majority in the Senate has proceeded with 17 hearings involving 61 judicial nominees, the committee has voted on 59 nominees, and, today, the Senate is set to hold its 18th hearing involving four more judges and to approve four more new judges--bringing the working total to 56 confirmations in just 10 months.  The number of judicial confirmations over these past 10 months, 56, exceeds the number confirmed in 4 out of 6 full years under recent Republican leadership, during all 12 months of 2000, 1999, 1997, and 1996. And we have confirmed more judges at a faster pace than for all the years of Republican control.  Fifty-six confirmations exceeds the number of confirmations in the first year of the Reagan administration by a Republican Senate majority. It is almost double the number of confirmations in the first year of the Clinton administration by a Democratic Senate majority. And it is more than triple the number of judges confirmed for the George H.W. Bush administration by a Senate of the other party. In fact, with 56 confirmations for President George W. Bush, the Democratic-led Senate has confirmed more judges than were confirmed in 7 of the 8 whole years of the Reagan administration, that Senator Hatch acknowledges as the all-time leader in judicial appointments.  The confirmations of Justice Leonard Davis, Andrew Hanen, Samuel Mays, and Judge Thomas Rose today illustrate the progress being made under Democratic leadership, and the fair and expeditious way in which we have considered nominees. Many of the vacancies that will be filled by today's votes arose during the Clinton administration and are a prime and unfortunate legacy of recent Republican obstructionist practices.  The confirmations of Justice Davis and Mr. Hanen will make the third and fourth district court judgeships we have filled in Texas and the eighth and ninth judgeships we have filled overall in the Fifth Circuit since I became chairman last summer. Included among those confirmations is the first new judge for the Fifth Circuit in 7 years.  On February 5, the Senate confirmed, by a vote of 93 to 0, Judge Philip Martinez of Texas to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the District Court for the Western District of Texas. On March 18, the Senate confirmed, by a vote of 91 to 0, Robert (Randy) Crane to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the District Court for the Southern District of Texas. The Senate has confirmed Judge Kurt Engelhardt and Judge Jay Zainey to fill vacancies on the District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. The Senate has confirmed Judge Michael Mills to fill a vacancy on the District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi. Despite the unfounded claim of some Republicans that the Senate will not confirm conservative Republicans, these nominees were all confirmed and treated more fairly and expeditiously than many of President Clinton's nominees for the Federal Bench.  Mr. Hanen was nominated to fill the vacancy created by the retirement of Judge Filemon B. Vela in May 2000. I recall just 2 years ago when Ricardo Morado, who served as mayor of San Benito, TX, was nominated to fill this vacancy in the Southern District of Texas and never received a hearing from the Republican-controlled Senate. President Clinton nominated Ricardo Morado on May 11, 2000, and his nomination was returned to President Clinton without any action on December 15, 2000. In filling a judicial emergency vacancy that has been pending for more than 700 days, Mr. Hanen will be the 17th judicial emergency vacancy that we have filled since July and the 10th since the beginning of this session.  With the confirmation of Mr. Hansen, there will no longer be any vacancies on the District Court for the Southern District of Texas, a Court which has faced an extraordinary caseload and has the third highest number of filings of criminal cases in the country. With Judge Crane and Judge Hanen, we have provided much needed help to this court.  It was not long ago when the Senate was under Republican control, that it took 943 days to confirm Judge Hilda Tagle to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas. She was first nominated in August 1995, but not confirmed until March 1998. When the final vote came, she was confirmed by unanimous consent and without a single negative vote, after having been stalled for almost 3 years. I recall the nomination ofMichael Schattman to a vacancy on the Northern District of Texas. He never got a hearing and was never acted upon, while his nomination languished for over two years. These are district court nominations that could have helped respond to increased filings in the trial courts if acted upon by the Senate over the last several years. In addition to these nominees, the Republican-led Senate failed to provide any hearings on nominees to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, which includes Texas, during the entire 6 years of their majority in the Clinton administration.  Many of the vacancies in the Fifth Circuit are longstanding. For example, despite the fact that President Clinton nominated Jorge Rangel, a distinguished Hispanic attorney, to fill a fifth circuit vacancy in July 1997, Mr. Rangel never received a hearing and his nomination was returned to the President without Senate action at the end of 1998. On September 16, 1999, President Clinton nominated Enrique Moreno, another outstanding Hispanic attorney, to fill a vacancy on the fifth circuit but that nominee never received a hearing either. When President Bush took office last January, he withdrew the nomination of Enrique Moreno to the fifth circuit.  The surge of vacancies created on the Republicans' watch is being cleaned up under Democratic leadership in the Senate. The Senate received Justice Davis's and Mr. Hanen's nominations the last week in January. Their ABA peer reviews were not received by the committee until late March and early April. Both participated in a confirmation hearing on April 25, were considered and reported by the committee last week and are being considered and confirmed by the Senate today.  Justice Davis has been serving as Chief Justice of the Court of Appeals in Tyler, TX, since 2000 and has extensive experience practicing as a litigator before State and Federal courts. Mr. Hanen has legal experience working as a civil trial attorney and in private practice for over 20 years, and has been a leader in establishing programs to serve the needs of the disadvantaged.  The confirmations of Mr. Mays of Tennessee and Judge Rose of Ohio, will fill two judgeships in the sixth circuit. They will make the fourth and fifth district court judgeships we have filled overall in the sixth circuit since I became chairman last summer, including the three earlier confirmations from Kentucky.  The Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals currently has eight vacancies, many of which are longstanding. Six of those vacancies arose before the Judiciary Committee was permitted to reorganize after the change in majority last summer. None, zero, not one of the Clinton nominees to those vacancies on the sixth circuit received a hearing by the Judiciary Committee under Republican leadership.  One of those seats has been vacant since 1995, the first term of President Clinton. Judge Helene White of the Michigan Court of Appeals was nominated in January 1997 and did not receive a hearing on her nomination during the more than 1,500 days before her nomination was withdrawn by President Bush in March of last year. Kathleen McCree Lewis, a distinguished lawyer from a prestigious Michigan law firm, also did not receive a hearing on her 1999 nomination to the sixth circuit during the years it was pending before it was withdrawn by President Bush in March 2001. Professor Kent Markus, another outstanding nominee to a vacancy on the sixth circuit that arose in 1999, never received a hearing on his nomination before his nomination was returned to President Clinton without action in December 2000.  Some on the other side of the aisle held these seats open for years for another President to fill, instead of proceeding fairly on consensus nominees. Some were unwilling to move forward knowing that retirements and attrition would create four additional seats that would arise naturally for the next President. That is why there are now eight vacancies on the sixth circuit. That is why it is half empty or half full.  Long before some of the recent voices of concern were raised about the vacancies on that court, Democratic Senators in 1997, 1998, 1999, and 2000 implored the Republican majority to give the sixth circuit nominees hearings. Those requests, not just for the sake of the nominees but for the sake of the public's business before the court, were ignored. Numerous articles and editorials urged the Republican leadership to act on those nominations. Fourteen former presidents of the Michigan State Bar pleaded for hearings on those nominations.  The former chief judge of the sixth circuit, Judge Gilbert Merritt, wrote to the Judiciary Committee chairman years ago to ask that the nominees get hearings and that the vacancies be filled. The chief judge noted that, with four vacancies--the four vacancies that arose in the Clinton administration--the sixth circuit ``is hurting badly and will not be able to keep up with its work load due to the fact that the Senate Judiciary Committee has acted on none of the nominations to our Court.'' He predicted:       By the time the next President is inaugurated, there will      be six vacancies on the court of appeals. Almost half of the      court will be vacant and will remain so for most of 2001 due      to the exigencies of the nomination process. Although the      President has nominated candidates, the Senate has refused to      take a vote on any of them.  Nonetheless, no sixth circuit hearings were held in the last 3 years of the Clinton administration, despite these pleas. Not one. Since the shift in majority the situation has been exacerbated as two additional vacancies have arisen.  With our April 25 hearing on the nomination of Judge Gibbons to the sixth circuit, we held the first hearing on a sixth circuit nomination in almost 5 years. And, with the confirmations of Judge Rose and Mr. Mays, we have now confirmed all the nominees to the district courts in the sixth circuit for whom we have received nominations. I note that the White House has still not sent nominees for the six remaining vacancies that exist on the district courts in the sixth circuit.  As our action today demonstrates, again, we are moving at a fast pace to fill judicial vacancies with nominees who have strong bipartisan support. Partisan critics of these accomplishments ignore the facts. The facts are that we are confirming President Bush's nominees at a faster pace than the nominees of prior presidents, including those who worked closely with a Senate majority of the same political party.  The rate of confirmation in the past 10 months actually exceeds the rates of confirmation in the past three presidencies. For example, in the first 15 months of the Clinton administration, 46 judicial nominees were confirmed, a pace on average of 3.1 per month. In the first 15 months of the first Bush administration, judges were confirmed at a pace of 1.8 judges per month. Even in the first 15 months of the Reagan administration, when a staunchly Republican majority in the Senate was working closely with a Republican President, 54 judges were confirmed, a pace of 3.6 per month. In fewer than 10 months since the shift to a Democratic majority in the Senate, President George W. Bush's judicial nominees have been confirmed at a rate of 5.6 judges per month, a faster pace than for any of the past three Presidents.  During the 6\1/2\ years of Republican control of the Senate, judicial confirmations averaged 38 per year--a pace of consideration and confirmation that we have already exceeded under Democratic leadership over these past 10 months in spite of all of the challenges facing Congress and the Nation during this period and all of the obstacles Republicans have placed in our path. As of today, we have confirmed 56 judicial nominees in fewer than 10 months. This is more than twice as many confirmations as George W. Bush's father had over a longer period--27 nominees in 15 months--than the period we have been in the majority in the Senate.  The Republican critics typically compare apples to oranges to mischaracterize the achievements of the last 10 months. They complain that we have not done 24 months of work in the 10 months we have been in the majority. Ironically, with today's confirmations, we even meet that unfair standard: Within the last 10 months we have confirmed more judges than were confirmed by the Republican majority in the entire 1996 congressional session and in all of 1997 combined--we have now exceeded their 2-year figure in 10 months.  A fair examination of the rate of confirmation shows that Democrats areworking harder and faster on judicial nominees, confirming judges at a faster pace than the rates of the past 20 years. The double standards asserted by Republican critics are just plain wrong and unfair, but that does not seem to matter to Republicans intent on criticizing and belittling every achievement of the Senate under a Democratic majority.  The Republican attack is based on the unfounded notion that the Senate has not kept up with attrition on the district courts and the courts of appeals. Well, the Democratic majority in the Senate has not only been keeping up with attrition but outpacing it, and we have started to move the vacancies numbers in the right direction--down. By contrast, from January 1995 when the Republican majority took over control of the Senate until July 2001, when the new Democratic majority was allowed to reorganize, Federal judicial vacancies rose by almost 75 percent, from 63 to 110. When Members were finally allowed to be assigned to committees on July 10, we began with 110 judicial vacancies.  With today's confirmations of Justice Davis, Mr. Hanen, Judge Rose, and Mr. Mays, we have reduced the overall number of judicial vacancies to 84. Already, in fewer than 10 months in the majority, we more than kept up with attrition and begun to close the judicial vacancies gap that grew so enormous under the Republican majority. Under Democratic leadership, we have reduced the number of district court vacancies by nearly 30 percent and the overall number of judicial vacancies by nearly 25 percent.  Overall, in 10 months, the Senate Judiciary Committee has held 17 hearings involving 61 judicial nominations and is scheduled this afternoon to hold its 18th hearing today involving four more judicial nominees. That is more hearings on judges than the Republican majority held in any year of its control of the Senate--twice as many as they held during some full years. Recall that one-sixth of President Clinton's judicial nominees--more than 50--never got a committee hearing and committee vote from the Republican majority, which perpetuated longstanding vacancies into this year.  Despite the new-found concern from across the aisle about the number of judicial vacancies, no nominations hearings were held while the Republicans controlled the Senate during the first half of last year. No judges were confirmed during that time from among the many qualified circuit court nominees received by the Senate on January 3, 2001, or from among the nominations received by the Senate on May 9, 2001.  The Democratic leadership acted promptly to address the number of district and circuit vacancies that had been allowed to grow when the Senate was in Republican control. The Judiciary Committee noticed the fist hearing on judicial nominations within 10 minutes of the reorganization of the Senate and held that hearing on the day after the committee was assigned new members.  That initial hearing included two district court nominees and a court of appeal nominee on whom the Republican majority had refused to hold a hearing the year before. Within 2 weeks of the first hearing, we held a second hearing on judicial nominations that included another court of appeals nominee. I did try to schedule some district court nominees for that hearing, but none of the files of the seven district court nominees pending before the committee was complete. Similarly, in the unprecedented hearings we held for judicial nominees during the August recess, we attempted to schedule additional district court nominees but we could not do so if their paperwork was not complete. Had we had cooperation from the Republican majority and the White House in our efforts, we could have held even more hearings for more district court nominees. Nevertheless, including our hearing scheduled for this week, in 10 tumultuous months, the committee will have held 18 hearings involving 65 judicial nominations.  The Senate Judiciary Committee is holding regular hearings on judicial nominees and giving nominees a vote in committee, in contrast to the practice of anonymous holds and other obstructionist tactics employed by some during the period of Republican control. The Democratic majority has reformed the process and practices used in the past to deny committee consideraiton of judicial nominees. We are moving away from the anonymous holds that so dominated the process from 1996 through 2000. We have made home State Senators' blue slips public for the first time.  I do not mean by my comments to appear critical of Senator Hatch. Many times during the 6\1/2\ years he chaired the Judiciary Committee, I observed that, were the matter left up to us, we would have made more progress on more judicial nominees. I thanked him during those years for his efforts. I know that he would have liked to have been able to do more and not have to leave so many vacancies and so many nominees without action.  I hope to hold additional hearings and make additional progress on judicial nominees. In our efforts to address the number of vacancies on the circuit courts we inherited from the Republicans and to respond to what the President, Vice President Cheney and Senator Hatch now call a vacancy crisis, the committee has focused on consensus nominees. This will help end the crisis caused by Republican delay and obstruction by confirming as many of the President's judicial nominees as quickly as possible.  Most Senators understand that the more controversial nominees require greater review. This process of careful review is part of our democratic process. It is a critical part of the checks and balances of our system of government that does not give the power to make lifetime appointments to one person alone to remake the courts along narrow ideological lines, to pack the courts with judges whose views are outside of the mainstream of legal thought, and whose decisions would further divide our nation. The Senate should not and will not rubber stamp nominees who would undermine the independence and fairness of our Federal courts. It is our responsibility to preserve a fair, impartial and independent judiciary for all Americans, of all races, all religions, whether rich or poor, whether Democrat or Republican.  Some on the other side of the aisle have falsely charged that if a nominee has a record as a conservative Republican, he will not be considered by the committee. That is simply untrue. Take, for example, the nomination of Mr. Mays. Mr. Mays has been involved in more than 50 political campaigns on behalf of Republican candidates for President, Senate, Governor, and local offices. He is a member of the Republican National Lawyers Association. He was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 2000, and he was on the Executive Committee of the Tennessee Republican Party from 1986 through 1990. Thus, it would be wrong to claim that we will not consider President George W. Bush's nominees with conservative credentials. We have done so repeatedly.  The next time Republican critics are bandying around charges that the Democratic majority has failed to consider conservative judicial nominees, I hope someone will ask those critics about Mr. Mays, or all the Federalist Society members and Republican Party activists this Senate has already confirmed. I certainly do not believe that President Bush has appointed 56 liberal judges and neither does the White House.  The committee continues to try to accommodate Senators from both sides of the aisle. The court of appeals nominees included at hearings so far this year have been at the request of Senators Grassley, Lott, Specter, Enzi, Smith, and Thompson, six Republican Senators who each sought a prompt hearing on a court of appeals nominee who was not among those initially sent to the Senate in May 2001.  The whipsawing by the other side is truly remarkable. When we proceed on nominees that they support and on whom they seek action, we are criticized for not acting on others. When we direct our effort to trying to solve problems in one circuit, they complain that we are not acting in another. Since these multiple problems arose on their watch while they were in the majority, it is a bit like the arsonist who complains that the local fire department is not responding fast enough to all of his destructive antics.  I imagine that today we will be hearing a refrain about the most controversial of President Bush's nominees whohave not yet participated in a hearing. Some of them do not have the necessary home-State Senate support needed to proceed. Some will take a great deal of time and effort for the committee to consider. In spite of all we have done and all we are doing, our partisan critics will act as if we have not held a single hearing on a single judicial nominee. They will not acknowledge their role in creating what they now call a judicial vacancies crisis. They will not apologize for their harsh tactics in the 6\1/2\ years that preceded the shift in majority. They will not acknowledge that the Democratic majority has moved faster on more judges than they ever did. They will not acknowledge that we have been working at a record pace to seek to solve the problems they created.  Each of the 56 nominees confirmed by the Senate has received the unanimous, bipartisan backing of the committee. Today's confirmations make the 53rd through 56th judicial nominees to be confirmed since I became chairman last July. I would like to commend the members of the Judiciary Committee and our Majority Leader Senator Daschle and Assistant Majority Leader Senator Reid for all of their hard work in getting us to this point. The confirmation of the 56th judge in 10 months, especially these last 10 months, in spite of the unfair and personal criticism to which they have each been subjected, is an extraordinary achievement and a real example of Democratic Senators acting in a bipartisan way even when some on the other side have continued to make our efforts toward progress as difficult as possible.  I again invite the President to join with us to fill the remaining judicial vacancies as quickly as possible with qualified, consensus nominees, nominees chosen from the mainstream and not for their ideological orientation, nominees who will be fair and impartial judges and will ensure that an independent judiciary is the people's bulwark against a loss of their freedoms and rights.  