The Senate confirmed the first Court of Appeals judge nominated by President Bush on July 20 last year and now, less than one year later we are confirming the 11th. That is almost one per month.  By contrast, the Republican majority that preceded us averaged seven Court of Appeals confirmations every 12 months. During an entire session of Congress, 1996, the Republican majority allowed no circuit court nominees to be confirmed, not one. The Republican majority confirmed 46 Court of Appeals judges in 78 months. While they were in the majority vacancies on the Courts of Appeals more than doubled, going from 16 to 33. Since the change in majority the numbers are going in the right direction--vacancies are going down and confirmations have significantly increased. We would be doing even better with a little cooperation from the Administration and the Republican leadership, which created roadblocks to the consideration of all judicial nominations by the full Senate since May.  The nominee voted on today, Richard Clifton, was one of the 78 nominees to receive a hearing in the first year since the reorganization of the Judiciary Committee on July 10, 2001. In that period, we held more hearings for more circuit court nominees than in any of the prior six years of Republican control. In fact, we have had hearings for more judicial nominees in the past year than in 20 of the last 22 years under Republican or Democratic presidents. Those who wish to paint the Senate as obstructionist ignore the facts and the fair treatment by the Senate of President Bush's judicial nominees. They focus instead on the most controversial nominees who do take more time, rather than the vast majority who have received hearings and been confirmed in bipartisan votes of the Senate. They would rather use misleading percentage calculations that obscure the fact that the Democratic-led Senate is considering President George Bush's nominees at one of the fastest paces in recent history.  I commend Senators Inouye and Akaka for the statesmanship they have shown in connection with this nomination. I remember very well their important efforts to establish the Hawaii seat on the Ninth Circuit and to try to fill it with a qualified nominee. I voted with them and supported their effort to ensure that every State, even States as small as Hawaii and Vermont, are represented on our Courts of Appeals.  I recall the saga of the nomination of James Duffy to fill the Hawaii seat on the Ninth Circuit, how hard they worked to find a consensus nominee and how that nomination was stalled for years. Despite the ``Well Qualified'' rating he received from the ABA and the strong support of both his home-state Senators, Mr. Duffy never received a hearing or a vote. He was nominated at the beginning of 1999 and remained pending for over two full years until it was withdrawn by President Bush in March 2001 without any Senate action of any kind.  Despite that recent history, the Hawaii Senators support Mr. Clifton for that same vacancy. In contrast to the treatment that Mr. Duffy received, Mr. Clifton's nomination was scheduled for a hearing less than 60 days after his file and paperwork were completed. Mr. Duffy waited 791 days and never got a hearing. When partisan critics charge Democrats with tit-for-tat and seeking revenge, they ignore the facts. The confirmation of Richard Clifton is another example of Democrats treating President Bush's judicial nominees far better than Republicans treated President Clinton's.  Today's vote on Mr. Clifton's nomination should provide some relief to the Ninth Circuit, which has four vacancies that have been classified as ``judicial emergency'' vacancies by the U.S. Courts. Two of those vacancies are more than five years old. They date back to 1996 and 1997, and there were two outstanding nominees to those seats. I have mentioned the nomination of James Duffy. The other nominee was Barry Goode of California, whose nomination also languished for years without ever getting a hearing or a vote.  When Barry Goode was first nominated to a Ninth Circuit vacancy in 1998 it was already a judicial emergency. Both of his home-state Senators supported the nomination but the Republican leadership refused to act. Mr. Goode was nominated not once, not twice, but three times to the Ninth Circuit and he never was given the courtesy of a hearing or a vote during almost 1,000 days (998 days). In March of 2001, President Bush withdrew Mr. Goode's nomination but he has not nominated anyone to this judicial emergency vacancy. It remains one of a number of judicial emergency vacancies for which there is no nominee and one of the 43 judicial vacancies for which there is no nominee.  The Ninth Circuit vacancies are a prime and unfortunate legacy of the partisan obstructionist practices during the Republican control of the Senate. Some are now complaining that a few nominees are waiting a year for hearing. Even though the anniversary of the reorganized Judiciary Committee with a Democratic majority was July 10, and we have already held hearings for 16 Court of Appeals nominees among the 78 total judicial nominees who had hearings in our first year.  I also recall how all confirmations to the Ninth Circuit from California were stalled by the demands of a Republican Senator not from that State to be given the ability to name a Court of Appeals judge from his State. With the support of the Republican leadership in the Senate, that Republican Senator succeeded in getting President Clinton to accord him that prerogative in order to break that logjam.  Just as the May 9th hearing on Mr. Clifton's nomination was the first hearing on a Ninth Circuit nominee in two years, earlier this year we had the first hearing for a Sixth Circuit nominee, Judge Gibbons, in almost five years. Similarly, the hearing we held on the nomination of Judge Edith Clement to the Fifth Circuit last year was the first on a Fifth Circuit nominee in seven years and she was the first new appellate judge confirmed to that Court in six years. When we held a hearing on the nomination of Judge Harris Hartz to the Tenth Circuit last year, it was the first hearing on a Tenth Circuit nominee in six years and he was the first new appellate judge confirmed to that Court in six years. When we held the hearing on the nomination of Judge Roger Gregory to the Fourth Circuit last year, it was the first hearing on a Fourth Circuit nominee in three years and he was the first appellate judge confirmed to that court in three years.  Large numbers of vacancies continue to exist on many Courts of Appeals, in large measure because the recent Republican majority was not willing to hold hearings or vote on more than half--56 percent--of President Clinton's Courts of Appeals nominees in 1999 and 2000 and was not willing to confirm a single judge to the Courts of Appeals during the entire 1996 session. Democrats have broken with that recent history of inaction.  I would like to commend in particular the Senators from Hawaii and also the members of the Judiciary Committee for their efforts to consider scores of judicial nominees for whom we have held hearings and on whom we have had votes during the last several months.  