President, I commend the majority leader for filing cloture on the bipartisan 21st Century Department of Justice Authorization Act conference report. I regret that consideration and a vote on final passage on this important measure has been delayed. I had hoped this measure would have been considered and passed by the Senate last week, following House passage by a vote of 400 to 4 last Thursday.  Unfortunately, Members from the other side of the aisle threatened opposition to the motion to proceed to the conference report and they have refused to proceed to vote on final passage of the conference report. All Democrats were prepared to pass the conference report last Thursday and then agreed to vote immediately, after limited debate earlier this week. Given the objection by the other side, however, to proceed to a vote or agree to a time agreement, the majority leader was required to file cloture on this conference report.  I do not understand why anyone would filibuster this conference report. This legislation is truly bipartisan. It passed the House 400 to 4.  The conference report was signed by every conferee, Republican or Democrat, including Senator Hatch and Representatives Sensenbrenner, Hyde, and Lamar Smith.  I thank Senator Hutchison for coming to the floor on Tuesday to support this conference report. Senator Hutchison has spoken to me many times about the need for more judgeships along the Texas border with Mexico to handle immigration and criminal cases.  The conference report includes three new judgeships in the conference report for Texas, one more than was included in the bill reported to the Senate by the Senate Judiciary Committee and passed by the Senate last December.  I thank Senator Sessions for his statement on Tuesday in support of this bipartisan conference report.  Although he opposes Senator Hatch's legislation regarding automobile dealer arbitration, which enjoys more than 60 Senate cosponsors and 200 House cosponsors and was included in the conference report, Senator Sessions is supporting this conference report because it will improve the Department of Justice and support local law enforcement agencies across the nation. I appreciate Senator Sessions' work on the provisions in the conference report on the Paul Coverdell Forensic Sciences Improvement Grants and the Centers for Domestic Preparedness in Alabama and other States.  I thank Senator Feinstein for her excellent speech earlier this week in support of this conference report. Senator Feinstein has been a tireless advocate for the needs of California, including the needs of the federal judiciary along the southern border. She has led the effort to increase judicial and law enforcement resources along our southern border. I am proud to have served as the chair of the House-Senate conference committee that unanimously reported a bill that includes five judgeships for the Southern District of California. Long overdue relief for the Southern District of California could be on the way once this conference report is adopted.  Of course, our bipartisanship is evidenced by our included authorization for additional judgeships not only in California but in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, Ohio, North Carolina, Illinois and Florida, as well. In essence, in the six and one-half years that they controlled the Senate the Republican majority was willing to add only eight judgeships to be appointed by a Democratic President, and most of them were in Texas and Arizona, states with two Republican Senators.  We have, on the other hand, proceeded at our earliest opportunity to increase federal judgeships where most needed by 20 to be appointed by a Republican President who has shown little interest in working with Democrats in the Senate, and we have included a number of jurisdictions with Democrats Senators.  I also commend the senior senator from California for her leadership on the ``James Guelff and Chris McCurley Body Armor Act,'' the State Criminal Alien Assistant Program reauthorization, and the many anti-drug abuse provisions included in this conference report.  She spoke eloquently on the floor of the Senate regarding many of the important provisions she has championed in this process.  This conference report will strengthen our Justice Department and the FBI, increase our preparedness against terrorist attacks, prevent crime and drug abuse, improve our intellectual property and antitrust laws, strengthen and protect our judiciary, and offer our children a safe place to go after school.  This conference report is the product of years of bipartisan work. The conference report was unanimous. By my count, the conference report includes significant portions of at least 25 legislative initiatives.  I urge my colleagues to support final passage of this conference report so that all of this bipartisan work and all the good that this legislation might is not flushed down the drain.  Over the past 2 days of debate, I have heard only a few Members raise objections to passage of the Department of Justice Authorization Conference Report. I thank these Members for coming to the floor to discuss their views and concerns so that they may be addressed. I should note that even in posing an objection to and delaying passage of the conference report--as is their rights as Senators--these Members acknowledged that there were parts of this bill they liked or may like upon review.  I appreciate that not all Members were or could be conferees and participate in the conference, but I do hope that after they have had a full opportunity to study the conference report passed last week in the House by a vote of 400 to 4, that they will find that on the whole this is a good, solid piece of legislation. Senator Hatch worked very hard to help construct a good, fair and balanced conference report as did all of the conferees. We all owe him thanks for his attention to this matter and his work.  This legislation is neither complicated nor controversial. It passed the House 400 to 4 in short order. It wassigned by every conferee, Republican or Democrat, including Senator Hatch and Representatives Sensenbrenner, Hyde, and Lamar Smith. Senators Sessions and Hutchison came to the floor to support it. I did not think there was a need for extensive debate in the Senate on this measure and had hoped that Members would be willing to allow an up or down vote of the conference report.  Contrary to those who may argue that this legislation is not a priority, it is. Congress has not authorized the Department of Justice in more than two decades. While the Justice Department would certainly continue to exist if we were to fail to reauthorize it, that is not an excuse for shirking our responsibility now. I know that Senator Hatch and Representatives Sensenbrenner and Conyers share my view. It is long past time for the Judiciary Committees of the House and Senate--and the Congress as a whole--to restore their proper oversight role over the Department of Justice.  Through Republican and Democratic administrations, we have allowed the Department of Justice to escape its accountability to the Senate and House of Representatives and through them to the American people. Congress, the people's representative, has a strong institutional interest in restoring that accountability. The House has recognized this, and has done its job. We need to do ours.  I agree with those Members who say that we need to give anti-terrorism priority, but not lose sight of the other important missions of the Department of Justice.  The conference report takes such a balanced approach. Those critics who say that there is nothing new in this legislation to fight terrorism, have missed some important provisions in the legislation as well as my floor statements over the past week outlining what the conference report contains to help in the anti-terrorism effort.  Let me repeat the highlight of what the conference report does on this important problem.  The conference report fortifies our border security by authorizing over $20 billion for the administration and enforcement of the laws relating to immigration, naturalization, and alien registration. It also authorizes funding for Centers for Domestic Preparedness in Alabama, Texas, New Mexico, Louisiana, Nevada, Vermont and Pennsylvania, and adds additional uses for grants from the Office of Domestic Preparedness to support State and local law enforcement agencies. These provisions have strong bipartisan support, including that of Senator Sessions.  Another measure in the bill would correct a glitch in a law that helps prosecutors combat the international financing of terrorism. I worked closely with the White House to pass the original provision to bring the United States into compliance with a treaty that bans terrorist financing, but without this technical, noncontroversial change, the provision may not be usable. This law is vital in stopping the flow of money to terrorists. Worse yet, at a time when the President is going before the U.N. emphasizing that our enemies are not complying with international law, by blocking this minor fix, we leave ourselves open to a charge that we are not complying with an anti-terrorism treaty.  I agree with other Members that we should do more to help the FBI Director in transforming the FBI from a crime fighting to a terrorism prevention agency and to help the FBI overcome its information technology, management and other problems to be the best that it can be. The Judiciary Committee reported unanimously the Leahy-Grassley FBI Reform Act, S. 1974, over 6 months ago to reach those goals, but this legislation has been blocked by an anonymous hold from moving forward. This conference report contains parts of that bipartisan legislation, but not the whole bill, which continues to this day to be blocked to this day.  Since the attacks of September 11 and the anthrax attacks last fall, we have relied on the FBI to detect and prevent acts of catastrophic terrorism that endanger the lives of the American people and the institutions of our country. Reform and improvement at the FBI was already important, but the terrorist attacks suffered by this country last year have imposed even greater urgency on improving the FBI. The Bureau is our front line of domestic defense against terrorists. It needs to be as great as it can.  Even before those attacks, the Judiciary Committee's oversight hearings revealed serious problems at the FBI that needed strong congressional action to fix. We heard about a double standard in evaluations and discipline. We heard about record and information management problems and communications breakdown between field offices and Headquarters that led to the belated production of documents in the Oklahoma City bombing case. Despite the fact that we have poured money into the FBI over the last five years, we heard that the FBI's computer system were in dire need of modernization.  We heard about how an FBI supervisor, Robert Hanssen, was able to sell critical secrets to the Russians undetected for years without ever getting a polygraph. We heard that there were no fewer than 15 different areas of security at the FBI that needed fixing.  The FBI Reform Act tackles these problems with improved accountability, improved security both inside and outside the FBI, and required planning to ensure the FBI is prepared to deal with the multitude of challenges we are facing.  We are all indebted to Senator Grassley for his leadership in the area. Working with Republicans and Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee we unanimously reported the FBI Reform Act more than six months ago only to stymied on our bipartisan efforts by an anonymous Republican hold.  The conference report does not contain all of the important provisions in the FBI Reform Act that Senator Grassley and I, and the other members of the Judiciary Committee, agreed were needed, but it does contain parts of that other bill.  Among the items that are, unfortunately, not in the conference report and are being blocked from passing in the stand-alone FBI Reform bill by an anonymous Republican hold are the following: Title III of the FBI Reform bill that would institute a career security officer program, which senior FBI officials have testified before our Committee would be very helpful; title IV of the FBI Reform bill outlining the requirements for a polygraph program along the lines of what the Webster Commission recommended; title VII of the FBI Reform bill that takes important steps to fix some of the double standard problems and support the FBI's Office of Professional Responsibility, which FBI Ethics and OPR agents say is very important; and title VIII to push along implementation of secure communications networks to help facilitate FISA processing between Main Justice and the FBI. These hard-working agents and prosecutors have to hand-carry top secret FISA documents between their offices because they still lack send secure e-mail systems.  The FBI Reform bill would help fix may of these problems and I would hope we would be able to pass all of the FBI Reform Act before the end of this Congress. These should not be controversial provisions and are designed to help the FBI. Yet passage of these provisions are being blocked both in a stand-alone FBI Reform bill, S. 1974, and the provisions we were able to include in this conference report. I urge my colleagues to support final passage of the conference report so that we can start making progress on the important reforms in the bill.  Some Members have complained that we included provisions in this conference report that were not contained in either the Senate or House bills. Now, each of the proposals we have included are directly related to improving the administration of justice in the United States. We were asked to include many of them by Republican members of the House and Senate.  Let me give you some examples. The conference report reauthorizes the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, which President Bush has sought to eliminate. On March 4 of this year, Senator Kyl and Senator Feinstein sent me a letter asking me to include an authorization for SCAAP--which was not authorized in either the House- or Senate-passed bill--in the conference report. That proposal had beenconsidered and reported by the Judiciary Committee but a Republican hold has stopped Senate consideration and passage. I agreed with Senator Kyl that we should authorize SCAAP. I still believe that it is the right thing to do.  In addition to including the reauthorization of SCAAP, the conferees also authorized an additional judge for Arizona. Members have been arguing for years that their States need more judges. We took those arguments seriously, and added another new judge for Arizona on top of the two that were added in 1998 and the third that was added in 2000. As I said before, we have added twenty new judge positions in this conference report.  Some have been critical of the conference report's authorization of funding for DEA police training in South and Central Asia, and for the United States-Thailand drug prosecutor exchange program. I believe that both of these are worthy programs that deserve the Senate's support.  I have listened to President Bush and other in his Administration and in Congress argue that terrorist organizations in Asia, including al Qaeda, have repeatedly used drug proceeds to fund their operations.  The conferees wanted to do whatever we could to break the link between drug trafficking and terror, and we would all greatly appreciate the Senate's assistance in that effort.  Beyond the relationship between drug trafficking and terrorism, the production of drugs in Asia has a tremendous impact on America.  For example, more than a quarter of the heroin that is plaguing the northeastern United States, including my State of Vermont, comes from Southeast Asia. Many of the governments in that region want to work with the United States to reduce the production of drugs, and these programs will help. It is beyond me why any Senator would oppose them.  Some have complained that the conference report demands too many reports from the Department of Justice and that this would interfere with the Department's ongoing counterterrorism efforts. It is true that our legislation requires a number of reports, as part of our oversight obligations over the Department of Justice. I assure the Senate, however, that if the Department of Justice comes to the House and Senate Judiciary Committees and makes a convincing case that any reporting requirement in this legislation will hinder our national security, we will work out a reasonable accommodation.  I think, however, that such a turn of events is exceedingly unlikely, as no one at the Department has mentioned any such concerns.  Some Members have complained that the conference report includes pieces of legislation that had not received Committee consideration. Let me deal with some of the specific proposals that have been cited.  The Law Enforcement Tribute Act was mentioned as a provision not considered by the Judiciary Committee, but this is incorrect. In reality, the Committee reported that bill favorably on May 16. Its passage has been blocked by an anonymous Republican hold.  Complaints have been made about inclusion of the motor vehicle franchise dispute resolution provision in the conference report for bypassing the Committee. But, again, that is incorrect. The Judiciary Committee fully considered this proposal and reported Senator Hatch's Motor Vehicle Franchise Contract Arbitration Fairness Act last October 31. It has been stalled from the Senate floor by anonymous Republican holds.  A section allowing FBI danger pay was cited as a proposal that bypassed Committee consideration, but, again, the Judiciary Committee did consider this proposal as part of the original DOJ Authorization bill, S. 1319.  Some have complained that the Federal Judiciary Protection Act, which is included in the conference report, had not come before the Committee, but on the contrary, this legislation, S. 1099, was passed the Judiciary Committee and the Senate by unanimous consent last year and in the 106th Congress, as well.  There has been a complaint on the floor about the provisions on the U.S. Parole Commission being included in the conference report. That was included because the Bush Administration included it in its budget request.  Some have complained on the floor about the conference report's provision establishing the FBI police to provide protection for the FBI buildings and personnel in this time of heightened concerns about terrorist attacks. Contrary to the critics, this proposal was considered by the Judiciary Committee as part of the FBI Reform Act, S. 1974, which was reported unanimously on a bipartisan basis but has been blocked by an anonymous hold.  Similarly, a complaint was made on the floor about bypassing the Committee with the provision in the conference report for the FBI to tell the Congress about how the FBI is updating its obsolete computer systems. Again, this is incorrect. This provision was included in the FBI Reform Act, S. 1974, which was considered by the Judiciary committee and unanimously reported without objection.  Some critics have complained that the conference report includes intellectual property provisions that have passed neither the House or the Senate. It is not for lack of trying to pass these provisions through the Senate, but anonymous Republican holds have held up for months passage of the Madrid Protocol Implementation Act, S. 407. This legislation has passed the House on three separate times in three consecutive Congresses. Let us get it passed now in the conference report.  The conference report also contains another intellectual property matter, the Hatch-Leahy TEACH Act, to help distance learning. Contrary to the critics' statements, this passed the Senate in June, 2001.  The intellectual Property and High Technology Technical Amendments Act, S. 320, contained in this conference report, was passed by the Senate at the beginning of this Congress, in February, 2001. It is time to get this done.  The criticism made on the floor that the juvenile justice provisions in the conference report never passed the House or Senate is simply wrong. The conference report contains juvenile justice provisions passed by the House in September and October of last year, in H.R. 863 and H.R. 1900.  The criticism that the conference report contains criminal justice improvements that were passed by neither the House or the Senate glosses over two important points: First, that many of the provisions were indeed passed by the House, and, second, that others have been blocked from Senate consideration and passage by anonymous Republican holds. Let me give you some examples.  The conference report contains the Judicial Improvements Act, S. 2713 and H.R. 3892, that passed the House in July, 2002, but consideration by the Senate was blocked after the Senate bill was reported by the Judiciary Committee.  The Antitrust Technical Corrections bills, H.R. 809, had the same fate. After being passed by the House in March, 2001, and reported by the Senate Judiciary Committee, consideration was blocked in the Senate.  This conference report is a comprehensive attempt to ensure the administration of justice in our nation. It is not everything I would like or that any individual Member of Congress might have authored.  It is a conference report, a consensus document, a product of the give and take with the House that is our legislative process. It will strengthen our Justice Department and the FBI, increase our preparedness against terrorist attacks, prevent crime and drug abuse, improve our intellectual property and antitrust laws, strengthen and protect our judiciary, and offer our children a safe place to go after school.  I hope that it will merit the support of every Member of the United States Senate. At the very least, it deserves an up-or-down vote. I was pleased to see some Republicans come to the floor to support this conference report. For the sake of the Justice Department, the United States Congress, and the American people, we should pass this legislation today. 