I thank the Senator from Texas.  The Senator from Florida represents a State the length of which, if it went in the other direction, it would go across time zones.  Incidentally, people may see the success stories on one or two television programs, where there might have been one last year or last month or last week, but the Department of Justice estimates the number of children taken by strangers annually is between 3,000 and 4,000. That is terrible.  This plan originated in Arlington, TX, after the murder of 9-year-old Amber Hagerman. We will help coordinate. We will make sure the local, State, and Federal officials can work together.  But not only that, private citizens will be involved because they will hear from State broadcasters or from law enforcement people. I don't know of anybody who hears of a missing child who would not want to help. And this will make that possible.  So it will help kidnap victims. It will also preserve the flexibility of the States because States are different in how they want to implement it.  It is disturbing to see on TV or in the newspapers photo after photo of missing children from every corner of the Nation. As the father of three children, as well as a grandfather of one grandson, with another grandchild on the way, I know that an abducted child is a parent's or grandparent's worst nightmare.  Unfortunately, it appears this nightmare is happening all too often. Indeed, the Justice Department estimates that the number of children taken by strangers annually is between 3,000 and 4,000. These parents and grandparents, as well as the precious children, deserve the assistance of the American people and helping hand of the Congress.  By coordinating their efforts, law enforcement emergency management and transportation agencies, radio and television stations, and cable systems have worked to develop an innovative early warning system to help find abducted children by broadcasting information--including descriptions and pictures of the missing child, the suspected abductor, a suspected vehicle, and any other information available and valuable to identifying the child and suspect--to the public as speedily as possible.  The AMBER Alert system's popularity has raced across the UnitedStates. Since the original AMBER Plan was established in 1996, 55 modified versions have been adopted at local, regional, and statewide levels. Eighteen States have already implemented statewide plans. It is also a proven success--to date the AMBER Plan has been credited with recovering 30 children.  This bipartisan legislation will authorize the Attorney General, in cooperation with the Secretary of Transportation and the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission to appoint a Justice Department National AMBER Alert coordinator to oversee the Alert's communication network for abducted children. The AMBER Alert Coordinator will work with the States, broadcasters, and law enforcement agencies to set up AMBER plans, serve as a point of contact to supplement existing AMBER plans, and facilitate regional coordination of AMBER alerts.  It also directs the AMBER Alert coordinator, in conjunction with the FCC, local broadcasters, and local law enforcement agencies, to establish voluntary guidelines for minimum standards in determining the criteria for AMBER alerts and for the dissemination of those alerts. As a result, our bipartisan bill helps kidnap victors while preserving flexibility for States in implementing the alert system.  Because developing and enhancing the AMBER alert system is a costly endeavor for States to take on alone, our bipartisan bill establishes two Federal grant programs to share the burden. First, the bill creates a Federal grant program, under the direction of the Secretary of Transportation for statewide notification and communications systems, including electronic message boards and road signs, along highways for the recovery of abducted children. Second, the bill establishes a grant program managed by the Attorney General for the support of AMBER alert communications plans with law enforcement agencies and others in the community.  Our Nation's children, parents and grandchildren deserve our help to stop the disturbing trend of children abductions. I am gratified the Senate has passed the AMBER Alert National Network Act, and I hope the House and the President will act expeditiously on this important piece of legislation to ensure that our communications systems help rescue abducted children from their kidnapers and return them safely to their families.  Mr. President, I thank the Senators who have joined on this measure.  I yield the floor and thank the distinguished Senator from Florida for his courtesy in allowing me to speak. But I hope he will note, in honoring that, I tried to wear a suit as close in color to his as possible.  