Actually, the Senator from Utah has voted against such a person, like Judge Rosemary Barkett of Florida, as have a number of others. But then there were a whole lot of others who we can say were not voted against? Why? Because they were never allowed to have a vote during Republican control of the Senate.  This is a partial list of nominees who never had a vote, but they had the highest rating possible: H. Alston Johnson from the Fifth Circuit was never given a hearing by the Republicans; James Duffy from the Ninth Circuit was never given a hearing; Kathleen McCree Lewis from the Sixth Circuit was never given a hearing or a vote; Judge James Lyons, from the Tenth Circuit, was never given a vote or a hearing; Allen Snyder, from DC, had a hearing but no vote; Judge Robert Cindrich, from the Third Circuit, was never given a hearing or a vote; Judge Stephen Orlofsky, from the Third Circuit, was never given a hearing or a vote; Judge Andre Davis, from the Fourth Circuit, was never given a hearing or a vote; and Enrique Moreno, of the Fifth Circuit, was never given a hearing and never given a vote.  These are people with the highest possible rating from the ABA. Republicans can say they never voted against them. Why? Because they were never brought up and never given a vote. If they had been given a vote, they would have known where they stood.  My good friend from Utah, perhaps inadvertently, thought I was comparing a time when he was not chairman. I do compare a time when he was chairman. I will take the first 15 months that he was chairman with a Democratic President.  The Democratic President nominees got 14 hearings in 15 months; the Republican President nominees, under my chairmanship, got 23 hearings.  Nominees who received hearings under Republicans were 67; under the Democrats with a Republican President, 84.  Nominees confirmed, 56; in the same period of time, it was 74 with us.  Nominees voted on in committee: They allowed 61 during that 15 months. We have had votes on 82 of this President's judicial nominees.  It is nice to say nominations are not being handled fairly. The fact is, if we used the Republican precedent as a mark of fairness, we would not have to do anything else for the rest of the year because we are way beyond what they did.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  