President, yesterday, the majority leader filed cloture on the bipartisan 21st Century Department of Justice Authorization Act conference report. I commend him for doing that.  This is a conference report that passed 400 to 4 last week in the other body. We will be voting on that cloture motion tomorrow. I just want to take a few moments to let Members of this body know what is in the conference report.  It was signed by all conferees--Republican and Democrat--Senator Orrin Hatch, and Representatives Sensenbrenner, Henry Hyde, Lamar Smith, myself, and others.  I thank Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison for coming to the floor yesterday to support this conference report. She has spoken to me many times about the need for more judgeships along the Texas border with Mexico to handle immigration and criminal cases. Certainly, from what Senator Hutchison has said about that need, she has made a compelling request, and I have included in this conference report three new judges for that part of Texas. Actually, the conference report has one more judge than we passed out of the Senate. We added another one in conference. I suspect technically one could say that was not a matter in conference, but the Senator from Texas made, I thought, a compelling reason for it.  I mention that because one of our Federal district judges from Vermont has actually gone down to Texas a couple times to help out, and every time he has gone down, he has called me up and said: They need more judges here because of the load.  So I thank Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison.  I also want to thank Senator Sessions for his statement in support of this conference report. I mentioned to him on the floor this morning--and I want to speak again to that--there is a piece of this legislation Senator Sessions originally opposed. If it were here as a freestanding bill, that particular part--a small part of the bill--I believe Senator Sessions would vote against it. But he supports the overall bill and is voting for the whole bill. I thank him for that.  I also thank him for his work and his aid on the provisions in the conference report on the Paul Coverdell Forensic Sciences Improvement Grants and the Centers for Domestic Preparedness in Alabama and other States. He had a great deal of input, and I appreciate what he did. We tried throughout all of this effort to make this a bipartisan bill, and he helped with that.  Senator Feinstein spoke on behalf of this conference report. She has been a tireless advocate for the needs of California, including the needs of the Federal judiciary along the southern border. She has helped to improve that situation.  I was glad to see we could work through that because we had tried for 7 or 8 years to add these additional judges, and they had been blocked. But I came back and said, even though it would be a different President appointing the judges--in this case, President Bush--I was in favor of adding the judges. They should be in there. Among other things, we included five judgeships for the southern district of California.  We have also included judges, as I said, for Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, Ohio, North Carolina, Illinois, and Florida. The statistics show all the judges are very much needed.  The senior Senator from California gave leadership on the James Guelff and Chris McCurley Body Armor Act, the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program reauthorization, and the anti-drug-abuse provisions in the conference report, and that has been extremely helpful.  I should tell my colleagues, this report will strengthen our Justice Department and the FBI, and increase our preparedness against terrorist attacks. It offers our children a safe place to go after school.  In this conference report, we put together years of work. Parts of about 25 different bills have been combined in this report.  I thought President Bush did absolutely the right thing after the attacks of a year ago, on September 11, as he moved very aggressively to try to clamp off money going to terrorist organizations around the world. As we know, al-Qaida received a lot of money from Saudi Arabia and other countries, and that money has floated all over.  The President moved very quickly to stop that. But then they find other ways to move it. We know they still have tens of millions--hundreds of millions of dollars perhaps--in these terrorist groups. But there is a thing in this conference report called the Madrid Protocol. If we agree to this protocol, this will greatly strengthen the hand of the President to go after this money. The White House supports it. All the antiterrorist groups and the Government support it. That is also in this bill.  I mentioned this because I have been asked questions by several Senators exactly what is included. I want them to know. I also want to thank Senator Hatch for his work in this endeavor. We spent a lot of hours in the conference. That is why it passed so overwhelmingly, with the support of both Republican and Democratic leadership in the other body. I would be happy to have it pass unanimously. We could pass it tonight for that matter. I know the legislation is a priority.  We have not authorized the Department of Justice in more than two decades. Some might ask: Why should we do it now? We have a far different Department of Justice than we had before September 11. We have a number of changes that had to be made, supported by Members on both sides of the aisle, both sides of the aisle in the other body, the President of the United States, the Attorney General, and so on.  What we have done is tried to assure the administration of justice in our Nation. Our Nation has been radically changed from a year ago. It doesn't have everything that I would have liked or everything everybody would have liked. That is because it is a conference report. It is a consensus document. We did it in a bipartisan way--Democratic chairman from this body and a Republican chairman from the other; a Republican ranking member from this body, a Democratic ranking member of the other body.  We know that it will strengthen our Justice Department and the FBI. We will increase our preparedness against terrorist attacks. We will improve our intellectual property and antitrust laws. I hope for the sake of the Justice Department and the Congress and the American people we can pass it. It is remarkable, the number of provisions in here that will help everything from an attack of terrorism, closing off money and so forth, to help with the growing drug problem that strikes not just in the big cities but our rural areas.  I come from largely a rural State. The difference between this and the other body, every Senator has significant rural areas. When my son was a student at Emory Law School, I remember going to the State of the distinguished Presiding Officer and traveling around with my son. I come from a rural area. I must say, there are some pretty rural areas in Georgia. But there are in California and Texas and New York and every other State. This helps those States, especially in small areas, do something about the scourge of drugs hitting our youngsters, our future generation.  I wanted to give a short summary. There is a lot more. This was so other Members who had been asking me in both parties what is in it, I wanted them to see. It will be voted on tomorrow. I hope as a result of this vote tomorrow we will then just pass it. The White House has indicated the President will be eager to sign it when it arrives.  This conference report will strengthen our Justice Department and the FBI, increase our preparedness against terrorist attacks, prevent crime and drug abuse, improve our intellectual property and antitrust laws, strengthen and protect our judiciary, and offer our children a safe place to go after school.  This conference report is the product of years of bipartisan work. The conference report was unanimous. By my count, the conference report includes significant portions of at least 25 legislative initiatives.  I had hoped that the conference report on H.R. 2215 would not take up much of the Senate's time. There are other matters we do need to address. The majority leader tried to pass this legislation without taking up any floor time last week, but was unable to do so because of an objection to proceeding by unanimous consent. Proceeding by unanimous consent would have ensured that we not take up the Senate's time in debate on this bipartisan legislative package. Yesterday, I came to the floor and sought to allow for two hours of debate before a vote on final passage at 4:30 p.m. We then could have moved on to other matters. Again, that proposal would have taken up a limited amount of the Senate's time. Yet, again, that limited time agreement proposal was rejected. As a result of the objection to proceeding more quickly, we are still considering this conference report and the majority leader was forced to file a cloture petition to bring it to a vote.  This legislation is neither complicated nor controversial. It passed the House 400 to 4 in short order. It was signed by every conferee, Republican or Democrat, including Senator Hatch and Representatives Sensenbrenner, Hyde, and Lamar Smith. Senators Sessions and Hutchison came to the floor yesterday to support it. There is no need for extensive debate in the Senate--we can move on to consider other matters as soon as the objection is lifted so we are able to have an up or down vote on the conference report.  This legislation is a priority. Congress has not authorized the Department of Justice in more than two decades. I know that Senator Hatch and Representatives Sensenbrenner and Conyers share my view that it is long past time for the Judiciary Committees of the House and Senate and the Congress as a whole to restore their proper oversight role over the Department of Justice. Through Republican and Democratic administrations, we have allowed the Department of Justice to escape its accountability to the Senate and House of Representatives and through them to the American people. Congress, the people's representative, has a strong institutional interest in restoring that accountability. The House has recognized this, and has done its job. We need to do ours.  I agree with other Members who have spoken that we need to give anti-terrorism priority, but not lose sight of the other important missions of the Department of Justice. The conference report takes such a balanced approach. Some have said that there is nothing new in this legislation to fight terrorism. I think they missed some important provisions in the legislation as well as my floor statements outlining what the conference report contains to help in the anti-terrorism effort.  Let me repeat those remarks and highlight what the conference report does on this important problem. The conference report fortifies our border security by authorizing over $20 billion for the administration and enforcement of the laws relating to immigration, naturalization, and alien registration. It also authorizes funding for Centers for Domestic Preparedness in Alabama, Texas, New Mexico, Louisiana, Nevada, Vermont and Pennsylvania, and adds additional uses for grants from the Office of Domestic Preparedness to support State and local law enforcement agencies. These provisions have strong bipartisan support, including that of Senator Sessions.  Another measure in the bill would correct a glitch in a new law that helps prosecutors combat the international financing of terrorism. I worked closely with the White House to pass this provision in order to bring the United States into compliance with a treaty that bans terrorist financing, but without this technical, non-controversial change, the provision may not be usable. This law is vital in stopping the flow of money to those who seek to harm our citizens. Worse yet, at a time when the President is going before the U.N. emphasizing that our enemies are not complying with international law, by blocking this minor fix, we leave ourselves open to a charge that we also are not in compliance with an important anti-terrorism treaty.  I agree with other Members who have spoken that we should do more to help the FBI Director in transforming the FBI from a crime fighting to a terrorism prevention agency and to help the FBI overcome its information technology, management and other problems to be the best that it can be. The Judiciary Committee reported unanimously the Leahy-Grassley FBI Reform Act, S. 1974, over six months ago to reach those goals, but an anonymous hold has stopped that legislation from moving forward. This conference report contains parts of that bipartisan legislation, but not the whole bill, which continues to this day to be blocked from Senate consideration and passage.  Since the attacks of September 11 and the anthrax attacks last fall, we have relied on the FBI to detect and prevent acts of catastrophic terrorism that endanger the lives of the American people and the institutions of our country. Reform and improvement at the FBI was already important, but the terrorist attacks suffered by this country last year have imposed even greater urgency on improving the FBI. The Bureau is our front line of domestic defense against terrorists. It needs to be as great as it can.  Even before those attacks, the Judiciary Committee's oversight hearings revealed serious problems at the FBI that needed strong congressional action to fix. We heard about a double standard in evaluations and discipline. We heard about record and information management problems and communications breakdowns between field offices and Headquarters that led to the belated production of documents in the Oklahoma City bombing case. Despite the fact that we have poured money into the FBI over the last five years, we heard that the FBI's computer systems were in dire need of modernization.  We heard about how an FBI supervisor, Robert Hanssen, was able to sellcritical secrets to the Russians undetected for years without ever getting a polygraph. We heard that there were no fewer than 15 different areas of security at the FBI that needed fixing.  The FBI Reform Act tackles these problems with improved accountability, improved security both inside and outside the FBI, and required planning to ensure the FBI is prepared to deal with the multitude of challenges we are facing. We are all indebted to Senator Grassley for his leadership in the area. Working with Republicans and Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee we unanimously reported the FBI Reform Act more than 6 months ago only to be stymied in our bipartisan efforts by an anonymous hold.  Now, due to Republican objections, the conference report does not contain some of the important provisions in the FBI Reform Act that Senator Grassley and I, and the other members of the Judiciary Committee, agreed were needed.  Among the items that are, unfortunately, not in the conference report and are being blocked from passing in the stand-alone FBI Reform bill by an anonymous hold are the following:       Title III of the FBI Reform bill that would institute a      career security officer program, which senior FBI officials      have testified before our Committee would be very helpful;       Title IV of the FBI Reform bill outlining the requirements      for a polygraph program along the lines of what the Webster      Commission recommended;       Title VII of the FBI Reform bill that takes important steps      to fix some of the double standard problems and support the      FBI's Office of Professional Responsibility, which FBI Ethics      and OPR agents say is very important; and       Title VIII to push along implementation of secure      communications networks to help facilitate FISA processing      between Main Justice and the FBI. These hard-working agents      and prosecutors have to hand-carry top secret FISA documents      between their offices because they still lack send secure e-     mail systems.  This needs to be fixed and the FBI Reform bill would help.  These should not be controversial provisions and are designed to help the FBI. Yet, passage is being blocked of both a stand-alone FBI Reform bill and those provisions we were able to include in this conference report.  Some in this body have complained that we included provisions in this conference report that were not contained in either the Senate or House-passed bills. Now, each of the proposals we have included are directly related to improving the administration of justice in the United States.  We were asked to include many of them by Republican members of the House and Senate. I would like to point, in particular, to our reauthorization of the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, which President Bush has sought to eliminate. On March 4 of this year, Senator Kyl and Senator Feinstein sent me a letter asking me to include an authorization for SCAAP--which was not authorized in either the House- or Senate-passed bill--in the conference report.  I agreed with Senator Kyl and Senator Feinstein that we should authorize SCAAP. I still believe that it is the right thing to do.  We took the arguments seriously that we needed more judges in certain parts of the country, particularly in border States. We added another new judge for Arizona on top of the two that were added in 1998 and the third that was added in 2000. We added a number of other judges as well, as I have already detailed.  Some have criticized the conference report's authorization of funding for DEA police training in South and Central Asia, and for the United States-Thailand drug prosecutor exchange program. I believe that both of these are worthy programs that deserve the Senate's support.  I have listened to President Bush and others in his Administration and in Congress argue that terrorist organizations in Asia, including al-Qaida, have repeatedly used drug proceeds to fund their operations. The conferees wanted to do whatever we could to break the link between drug trafficking and terror, and we would all greatly appreciate the Senate's assistance in that effort.  Beyond the relationship between drug trafficking and terrorism, the production of drugs in Asia has a tremendous impact on America.  For example, more than a quarter of the heroin that is plaguing the northeastern United States, including my State of Vermont, comes from Southeast Asia. Many of the governments in that region want to work with the United States to reduce the production of drugs, and these programs will help. It is beyond me why any Senator would oppose them.  Some have complained that the conference report demands too many reports from the Department of Justice, and that these reporting requirements would interfere with the Department's ongoing counterterrorism efforts. It is true that our legislation requires a number of reports, as part of our oversight obligations over the Department of Justice. I assure the Senate, however, that if the Department of Justice comes to the House and Senate Judiciary Committees and makes a convincing case that any reporting requirement in this legislation will hinder our national security, we will work out a reasonable accommodation. I think, however, that such a turn of events is exceedingly unlikely, as no one at the Department has mentioned any such concerns.  Some Members have complained that the conference report includes pieces of legislation that had not received committee consideration. The Law Enforcement Tribute Act has been mentioned as falling in this category. In reality, the Committee reported that bill favorably on May 16.  Complaints have been raised about the motor vehicle franchise dispute resolution provision in the conference report and that this legislation was not considered by the Judiciary Committee. That complaint is misplaced. The Judiciary Committee fully considered this proposal and reported Senator Hatch's Motor Vehicle Franchise Contract Arbitration Fairness Act last October 31. It has been stalled from the Senate floor by anonymous holds. The same complaint was incorrectly leveled at the section dealing with FBI danger pay. Yet, the Judiciary Committee did consider and approve this proposal as part of the original DOJ Authorization bill, S. 1319. The complaint that the Federal Judiciary Protection Act was not considered by the Committee is likewise misplaced. On the contrary, this legislation, S. 1099, was passed the Judiciary Committee and the Senate by unanimous consent last year and in the 106th Congress, as well. The provisions on the U.S. Parole Commission were included in the conference report without Committee consideration but was included because the Bush Administration included it in its budget request and it makes sense.  Some have complained about the provision establishing the FBI police to provide protection for the FBI buildings and personnel in this time of heightened concerns about terrorist attacks. When this legislation was considered by the Judiciary Committee as part of the FBI Reform Act, S. 1974, which was reported unanimously on a bipartisan basis, no member on the Committee raised any objection at the time. Similarly, the complaint about the lack of Committee consideration of the report on information technology to keep the Congress better informed about how the FBI is updating its obsolete computer systems, is misplaced. This legislation was considered by the Judiciary Committee as part of the FBI Reform Act, S. 1974, and no objection was raised.  This conference report is a comprehensive attempt to ensure the administration of justice in our nation. It is not everything I would like or that any individual Member of Congress might have authored. It is a conference report, a consensus document, a product of the give and take with the House that is our legislative process. It will strengthen our Justice Department and the FBI, increase our preparedness against terrorist attacks, prevent crime and drug abuse, improve our intellectual property and antitrust laws, strengthen and protect our judiciary, and offer our children a safe place to go after school. I hope that it will merit the support of every Member of the U.S. Senate. At the very least, it deserves an up-or-down vote. I was pleased to see some Republicans come to the floor yesterday to support this conference report, and I urge those who are blocking its consideration to relent and let the Senate vote up or down without further delay or tactics of obstruction. I hope that the critics willreconsider their opposition and their filibuster of this conference report and permit the Senate to vote up or down on this bipartisan bill. For the sake of the Justice Department, the U.S. Congress, and the American people, we should pass this legislation today.  