. District Court for the Southern District of Florida. I have heard of no opposition. This is a judge who got strong bipartisan support in the Senate Judiciary Committee, which usually guarantees a confirmation on the floor. When that happens, the Democratic-led Senate will confirm its 74th judicial nomination made by President George W. Bush. This will also be the 25th judicial emergency vacancy that we have filled since I became chairman last summer, and the 18th since the beginning of this year.  The confirmation of Judge Marra will bring additional resources to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida. Judge Marra was nominated to fill a new position Congress created by statute to address the large caseload, particularly the immigration and criminal cases, facing the Federal court in Florida. He is one of three Federal judicial nominations on the Senate Calendar for action.  I recall during the past administration, the Clinton administration, we all worked very hard in cooperation with Senator Graham and Senator Mack to ensure that the Federal court in Florida had its vacancies filled promptly with consensus nominees. Due to the bipartisan cooperation between one Democrat Senator and one Republican Senator and a Democratic President, the Senate was able to confirm 22 judicial nominees from Florida, including 3 nominees to the Eleventh Circuit. But it is unfortunate that this tradition of cooperation, coordination, and consultation has not continued with the current administration.  By my recollection, it was only the nomination of Judge Rosemary Barkett of the Florida Supreme Court to the Eleventh Circuit that generated any significant controversy or opposition. I do recall that she was stronglyopposed by a number of Republican Senators because they did not agree with her judicial philosophy. Those voting against her included Senators Hatch, Grassley, McConnell, Specter, and Thurmond, as well as Senators Lott, Nickles, and Hutchison of Texas. They have an absolute right to do that, of course. I respect that right. Judge Barkett received the highest rating of the ABA, ``well qualified,'' and yet 36 Republicans voted against her confirmation, even though she had the strong bipartisan support of her home State Senators. Recent claims by some that it is unprecedented to vote against a judicial nominee with a ``well qualified'' rating and to vote against her based on her judicial philosophy thus ring hollow.  Unfortunately, that is not the way the administration has dealt with Senators Graham and Nelson now. But it is a tribute to Senator Graham and Senator Nelson that we have made the progress we have had. They could very easily have exercised their right as Senators and refused to accept the nominees of President Bush. Of course, they would go no further under the blue-slip policy that both Republicans and Democrats strongly support. But they have been more than gracious in their willingness to support these nominees. That is why they have gone through.  This Democratic-led Senate has expeditiously moved President Bush's judicial nominees. We have worked hard to provide bipartisan support for the White House's nominations in spite of an almost unprecedented lack of willingness on the part of the White House to work with us.  In fact, I have been here 26 years: During the terms of President Ford, President Carter, President Reagan, President George Herbert Walker Bush, President Clinton, and now President George W. Bush. This administration is the least willing of any White House during all that time--Republican or Democrat--to work with the Senate on judicial nominations. But even without that cooperation, even with the unprecedented lack of cooperation, we are making progress.  I would like to discuss the progress we have made. This chart shows what has happened in the 15 months the Democrats have controlled the Senate. Contrast that to the Republicans' first 15 months when they controlled the Senate. In less than 15 months of Democratic control of the committee, we have held more hearings for more nominees, voted on more nominees in committee, and confirmed more nominees than the Republicans did in their first 15 months of control of the committee in 1995 and 1996.  We have confirmed more of President George W. Bush's Federal trial court nominees in less than 15 months than were confirmed in the first 2 years of his father's Presidency. In fact, we confirmed more in the first 15 months than the Republicans were willing to confirm in their last 30 months.  I mention this because there seems to be some idea that somehow the Democratic-led Senate is holding up judges. I think most of the Presidents with whom I have served would have been delighted to have had a Senate as cooperative as we have been.  Let me repeat that. In 15 months, Democrats have done more on judicial confirmations than Republicans did in 30 months.  They, on the other side, do not want to compare our record of accomplishment in evaluating judicial nominees with theirs in their prior 6\1/2\ years of control. They do not want to own up to their delay and defeat through inaction of scores of judicial nominees during the last administration.  All too often the only defense of their record we hear is the claim that President Clinton ultimately appointed 377 judicial nominees, 5 fewer than President Reagan. This statement overlooks the fact that the Republicans only allowed 245 of President Clinton's judicial nominees to be confirmed. That averages, incidentally, to about 38 confirmations per year during their 6\1/2\ years of control. We confirmed 74 judicial nominees in less than 15 months, including 13 to the circuit courts. I believe we have reported 80 out of the Judiciary Committee.  I mention this because of the persistence of the myth of inaction in face of such in the face of such a clear record of progress by Democrats. After a while, if someone keeps distorting the facts, if someone keeps stating things that are not true, people actually come to believe it is true. I am reminded of what Adlai Stevenson once said. I will quote him:       I have been thinking that I would make a proposition to my      Republican friends . . . that if they will stop telling lies      about the Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about      them.  The truth is, of course, as these charts show, that we have a pretty good record of accomplishment despite the lack of cooperation from the administration.  With today's vote, the Democratic-led Senate will confirm its 74th judge--exceeding the number of circuit and district court nominees confirmed in the last 30 months of Republican control of the Senate. We have done more than Republicans did, and we have done it in less than half the time.  We have confirmed more of this President's nominees, both circuit and district court nominees, in less than 15 months, than were confirmed in the comparable 15 months of the first term of former President Reagan, the first President Bush, and President Clinton.  Let's take a look at what has happened in the first 15 months. With today's vote, the Democratic-led Senate has confirmed 74 of this Republican President's judicial nominees in less than 15 months.  Under President Reagan--and incidently, I might point out, he had a Senate of his own party--there were 54 confirmation in the first 15 months. Under George H. W. Bush, there were 23; for the first 15 months of President Clinton, 45. Incidentally, that is with a Senate under the control of his own party. And now, in 15 months, under President George W. Bush, we have had 74 judicial confirmations--74. By any standard you want, here is a case where a different party than the President has controlled the Senate, and we have done more than was done for President Reagan when his own party controlled the Senate, for President Bush when another party controlled the Senate, for President Clinton when we, the Democrats, controlled the Senate.  It shows we can move and will move, and we have been doing that notwithstanding the fact that there has been less cooperation from the White House than I have seen with either Democratic or Republican Presidents in 26 years in the Senate. It is unfortunate.  President Bush will probably get a record number of his judges through at the current pace of confirmations. But I have to think how much better it could be done with less rancor and with even a modicum of cooperation. We have acted fairly and expeditiously notwithstanding the fact that Democrats have felt very concerned that for year after year after year after year in many of the circuit courts of this country, Republicans refused to even hold hearings for the nominees, even though they had the highest ratings of the American Bar Association. They would not even hold hearings, to say nothing about having a vote.  Then when the Republicans came in, suddenly there was an emergency; they had to fill the vacancies in those circuits. Their obstruction created the problem. But notwithstanding that, in many of those cases where Democrats were not allowed to even have a hearing year after year after year, we have in the last 15 months moved forward with hearings and votes, and positive votes, on the vast majority of his judicial nominees.  I have no idea what political game is being played at the White House. I know the people are very nice. Judge Gonzalez is a very nice, very polite person. He is charming to be with. But the cooperation is not there. The President is very nice, very charming. But the cooperation is not there. We could do far better if they would just pick up the phone and call the last three people from the last three Republican administrations--they do not even have to call a Democratic administration--and see how well this could be done.  As the distinguished ranking member, my good friend from Utah, knows, I went down several times and worked with the Clinton White House so they could have cooperation with, and they did cooperate with, Republican Senators in moving through judges. I would hope that with that precedent in mind, some might do the same.  Democrats have reformed the process for considering judicial nominees toensure bipartisan cooperation and greater fairness. For example, we have ended the practice of secretive, anonymous holds that plagued the period of Republican control, when any Republican Senator could hold any nominee from his or her home state, his or her own circuit or any part of the country for any reason, or no reason, without any accountability. We have returned to the Democratic tradition of regularly holding hearings, every few weeks, rather than going for months without a single hearing. In fact, we have held 23 judicial nominations hearings in our first 13 months, an average of almost two per month.  In contrast, during the six and one-half years of Republican control, they went 30 months without holding a single judicial nominations hearing. By holding 23 hearings for 84 of this President's judicial nominees, we have held hearings for more circuit and district court nominees than in 20 of the last 22 years during the Reagan, first Bush, and Clinton Administrations.  As this chart shows, we have held more hearings for President Bush's judicial nominees in less than 15 months than were held in 15 months for any of the past three Presidents. In the first 15 months of the first term of President Reagan, 17 judicial nominations hearings were held. In the first 15 months of President George H.W. Bush's term, 11 hearings were held. And, in the first 15 months of President Clinton's first term, 14 judicial nominations hearings were held. In contrast, we have held 23 hearings in less than 15 months. That is almost as many as were held in the first 15 months of the terms of the first President Bush and President Clinton combined. We have more than exceeded the number of hearings held in the last 30 months of Republican control of the Senate, when they held only 15 hearings.  While some complain that a handful of circuit court nominees have not yet had hearings, they fail to acknowledge that Democrats have held hearings for more of President Bush's circuit court nominees, 18, than in any of the six and one-half years in which the Republicans controlled the Committee before the change in majority last summer. Republicans have utterly failed to acknowledge this fairness and progress under the Democratic majority. The myth of obstruction of judicial nominees fits their political strategy better than the truth.  The years of Republican inaction on a number of circuit court vacancies has made it possible for Democrats to have several ``firsts,'' or astounding accomplishments in addressing judicial vacancies. For example, we held the first hearing for a nominee to the Sixth Circuit in almost five years (that is more than one full presidential term) and confirmed her, even though three of President Clinton's nominees to the Sixth Circuit never received a hearing or a vote. We held the first hearing on a Fifth Circuit nominee in seven years (including the entire period of Republican control of the Senate) and confirmed her last year, while three of President Clinton's Fifth Circuit nominees never received hearings or votes on their nominations. We held the first hearing on a Tenth Circuit nominee in six years, and we have confirmed two of President Bush's nominees to the Tenth Circuit, while two of President Clinton's nominees to that circuit never received hearings or votes. We held the first hearing for a Fourth Circuit nominee in three years, for Judge Roger Gregory, and the first hearing for an African American nominee to that court in United States history, even though Judge Gregory and four other nominees to that circuit (including three other African Americans) never received hearings or votes during Republican control of the Senate. These are just a few examples of the historic accomplishments of the Democratic-led Senate which debunk Republican myths that Democrats caused the vacancy crisis, are delaying judicial appointments or have been retaliating for years of obstruction on circuit court vacancies by Republicans.  There were only 16 circuit court vacancies when Republicans took over the Senate in January 1995. Unfortunately, from January 1995 until Republicans relinquished control and allowed the Judiciary Committee to be reorganized in the summer of 2001, circuit court vacancies more than doubled from 16 to 33. Republicans executed a partisan political strategy to hold vacancies open on the circuits for a Republican president to fill. It would certainly have been easier and less work for Democrats to retaliate for the unfair treatment of the last President's circuit court nominees. We did not. We have been, and will continue to be, more fair than the Republican majority was to President Clinton's judicial nominees.  Here is another chart that shows that more of President Bush's judicial nominees have been given committee votes than the nominees of prior presidents. Unlike my Republican predecessor, I have scheduled hearings and votes on district and circuit court nominees whom I do not support. The Judiciary Committee has voted on 82 judicial nominees and favorably reported 80. In less than 15 months, we have voted on more of President Bush's district and circuit court nominees than were voted on in the first 15 months of any of the past three Presidents. Moreover, we have voted on more nominees in less than 15 months than were voted on in the first 15 months of Presidents Reagan and George H.W. Bush combined, or Presidents George H.W. Bush and Clinton combined. We have even voted on more nominees in less than 15 months than were voted on in the last 30 months of Republican control of the Senate, when 73 nominees were voted on by the Committee.  Because we have moved quickly and responsibly, the number of vacancies is not at the 153 mark it would be had we taken no action. Vacancies have been reduced to 79 and are headed in the right direction. On July 10, 2001, with the reorganization of the Senate, we began with 110 vacancies. When Republican gained control of the Senate in 1995 the federal judicial vacancies numbered 65. The vacancies increased during their six and one-half years to more than 110. Under the Democratic majority, by contrast, the number of vacancies is being significantly reduced. Despite the large number of additional vacancies that have arisen in the past year, with the 61 district court confirmations we have as of today, we have reduced district court vacancies to 50, almost to the level it was at when Republicans took over the Senate in 1995.  In fact, when we adjourned for the August recess we had given hearings to 91 percent of this President's judicial nominees who had completed their paperwork and who had the consent of both of their home-State Senators. That is, 84 of the 92 judicial nominees with completed files had received hearings.  When we held our most recent hearing on August 1, we had given hearings to 66 district court nominees and we had run out of district court nominees with completed paperwork and home-State consent. Only two district court nominees were eligible for that hearing. This is because the White House changed the process of allowing the ABA to begin its evaluation prior to nomination. This change has cost the federal judiciary the chance over the last year to have 12 to 15 more district court nominees on the bench and hearing cases, because now the ABA can only begin its evaluation once the nomination is submitted to the Senate. The ABA also must wait until the Administration provides the Senate with the nominee's public questionnaire, and lately the nominees' documents have been arriving on a delayed basis, as well. Indeed, many of the two dozen nominations most recently received will likely not get hearings before adjournment this year in large measure because the White House unilaterally changed the process for consideration and has built additional delays into it.  In January I had proposed a simple procedural adjustment to allow the ABA evaluation to begin at the same time as the FBI investigation, as was the practice in past Republican and Democratic Administrations over 50 years. Had this proposal been accepted, I am confident there would be more than a dozen fewer vacancies in the federal courts. Instead, our efforts to increase cooperation with the White House have been rebuffed. We continue to get the least cooperation from any White House I can recall during my nearly three decades in the Senate. Yet, even with such lack of cooperation from the White House, the Senate has set an impressive rate of confirming judicial nominees.  Here is another chart that shows how Democrats have dramatically reduced the time between nomination and confirmation of circuit court nominees. Since the Democrats assumed the majority last July, the average time to confirm circuit court nominees has been drastically reduced to 147 days, from a high during the most recent years of Republican control of 374 days. We have reduced the average time from nomination to confirmation to two-and-a-half times less than the average time to confirmation during Republican control during the 106th and 105th Congresses when it took an average of 374 and 314 days, respectively, to confirm President Clinton's circuit court nominees.  The Judiciary Committee has reported two more circuit court nominees favorably to the Senate. We have held hearings on 18 circuit court nominees and the Judiciary Committee has already voted on 17 of those 18 nominees.  In spite of the obstacles the White House has put in the way of their own nominees through their lack of consultation and cooperation, we have been able to have a productive year while restoring fairness to the judicial confirmation process. I regret that the White House has chosen the strident path that it has with respect to judicial nominations, especially to the circuit courts. As several Senators noted last week, the Administration does not have carte blanche to insist on an ideological takeover of the Courts of Appeals with activist ultra-conservative nominees intended to tip the balance in circuits around the country. The total number of district and circuit court confirmations now stands at 74, and there remain a few weeks left in this session. So while we have been working hard and productive, the Judiciary Committee and the Senate have not become a rubber stamp.  I am proud of the efforts of the Senate to restore fairness to the judicial confirmation process over this time. The Senate Judiciary Committee is working hard to schedule hearings and votes on additional judicial nominees, but it takes time to deal with a mess of the magnitude we inherited. I think we have done well by the federal courts and the American people, and we will continue to do our best to ensure that all Americans have access to federal judges who are unbiased, fair-minded individuals with appropriate judicial temperament and who are committed to upholding the Constitution and following precedent.  When the President sends judicial candidates who embody these principles, they will move quickly, but when he sends controversial nominees whose records demonstrate that they lack these qualities and whose records are lacking we will take the time needed to evaluate their merits and to vote them up or down.  I would like to thank the Members of the Judiciary Committee who have labored long and hard to evaluate the records of the individuals chosen by this President for lifetime seats on the federal courts. The decisions we make after reviewing their records will last well beyond the term of this President and will affect the lives of the individuals whose cases will be heard by these judges and maybe millions of others affected by the precedents of these decisions of these judges.  Before anyone takes for granted how fairly Democrats have treated this President's judicial nominees, receiving up or down votes, they should take a look at how poorly judicial nominees were treated during the 6\1/2\ years of Republican control of the Senate. In all, several dozen judicial nominees of President Clinton never received a hearing or a vote.  When confronted with this, Republicans often lament that about 50 of the first President Bush's judicial nominees did not get a hearing before the end of the session in Congress in 1992. What they consistently fail to mention about this, however, is quite revealing. That year, the Senate confirmed more of President George H.W. Bush's judicial nominees than in any year of his presidency. He had 66 judicial nominees confirmed that year, but the Senate simply could not get to the other 53 nominees he submitted in response to the creation of dozens of new judgeships. So, even though some of his nominees were returned, the Senate confirmed a substantial number, 66, of his judicial nominees in the 10 months they were in session that year, which was an election year, by the way.  Perhaps coincidentally, 66 is the highest number of judicial confirmations in one year that Republicans ever allowed President Clinton to reach. They averaged 38 judicial confirmations per year. In the last two years of the Clinton Administration, Republicans allowed only 33 and 39 judges to be confirmed, respectively in 1999 and 2000. President George H.W. Bush had 66 confirmations in his last year of office, an election year. In President Clinton's last year in office only 39 judges were confirmed, during Republicans control. In 1996, Republican allowed only 17 judges to be confirmed, none to the circuit courts. In those two election years combined Republicans allowed only 56 confirmations. In 1992, an election year, Chairman Biden pushed through 66 confirmations.  Unlike Democrats in 1992, Republicans cannot honestly claim that they moved a substantial number through but could not get to them all. Confirming only 39 judicial nominees in 2000 and returning more than that, 41, in that year alone, simply does not compare with what happened in 1992 when Democrats worked hard to move through 66 of the first President Bush's judicial nominees in the space of 10 months. If 66 was such an easy number to reach, why did Republicans reach that level only once in six years of control? The answer is easy. They did not want to do so. I think Republicans wanted to ensure that they never treated President Clinton better than the best year of former President Bush (his last year) and they wanted to ensure that President Clinton did not beat President Reagan's number of confirmations, as a matter of partisan pride.  Had Republicans kept up the pace of confirmation set by Democrats in the first President Bush's last year and the first two years of the Clinton Administration, President Clinton would have appointed substantially more than the 377 judges who were ultimately confirmed in his two terms as president, and the Democratic-led Senate Judiciary Committee would not have begun last July with 110 vacancies. Ironically, perhaps, Democrats have been so fair to President George W. Bush, despite the past unfairness of Republicans, that if we continue at the current pace of confirmation and vacancies continue to arise at the same rate, then Bush will appoint 227 judges by the end of his term. If he were elected to a second term, at the current pace, he would amass 454 judicial confirmations, dramatically more than President Reagan, who Senator Hatch often calls the all-time champ. This, too, demonstrates how fair Democrats have been. Perhaps some may say we have been foolishly fair, given how Democrats were treated in the past. We have exceeded the pace set in 1992, 1993 and 1994, with 74 confirmations to date in little more than a year.  In fact, when we adjourned for the August recess we had given hearings to 91 percent of this President's judicial nominees who had completed their paperwork and who had the consent of both of their home-State Senators. That is, 84 of the 92 judicial nominees with completed files had received hearings.  Any way you look at the numbers, raw numbers or percentages, comparisons with the prior six years of Republican control or with prior Congresses and Republican presidents, the Democrats have done more in less time. We have been more fair by far. Yet we have been unfairly labeled as obstructionist because we have not been able to have hearings for every single judicial nominee in the short period we have been in the majority. This President still has over two years left in his term.  I withhold the remainder of my time.  