President, I thank my good friend from Texas for her kind remarks, but I was simply able to expedite the very good work that she and the distinguished Senator from California have done.  I note that what has happened here is an idea which has come from the Senator from Texas and the Senator from California, who have worked together in a bipartisan fashion. Actually, this is a nonpartisan issue. They are both parents. The Senator from Texas knows how much I admire her work as a parent, as I do the Senator from California.  Whether or not you are a parent, the most terrifying experience is for a child to be suddenly missing, especially if foul play is involved. I am not talking about a child getting lost on the way home from school who is going to show up an hour later because all the neighbors are out looking for that child or a child who stayed too long at a friend's house and forgot to call and then calls a frantic parent 45 minutes or an hour later and says, ``Gee, I forgot to tell you I was at Johnny's or Susie's house,'' or something like that. This comes into play in a case where, much as you hate to suspect there may be foul play, there may well be.  If you can return one child--one child--to the parents, look at what you have done. If you can return hundreds, which is the potential with this legislation, look how much more you have done.  It is the case where you have big States, such as those of the Senator from Texas and the Senator from California. They come from very large States: large graphically, large in population. I come from a very small State: small in geography, small in population. But if you can tie in my part of the country--the northeastern part--we go from very small States, such as mine, to the bordering States of New York and Massachusetts, which are much larger States in population. It is the whole northeastern corridor, but somebody can drive through those States in half the time it takes to drive, for example, across the State of Texas or the length of the State of California. So we have to be able to coordinate.  I think that is why so many came together on this: Senators Hatch, Biden, Durbin, Edwards, Feingold, Kyl, Sessions--and I think you have 34 cosponsors.  