President, as one of seven conferees representing the Senate, I rise today to speak in support of the conference report and urge my colleagues to vote in support of this bill. This farm bill will assist America's family farmers, expand economic opportunity in rural communities, strengthen programs to protect the environment and improve the nutritional safety net for low-income Americans. But one aspect of this new bill that makes it historic is the fact that, for the first time in a long, long, time, dairy farmers across our nation will have an adequate safety net that they can count to provide income support should prices remain low.  The national dairy program in this bill represents a carefully crafted compromise between many competing interests. First, it is a compromise among those regions of the country who support dairy compacts and those that don't. It's no secret that I would have preferred an extension of the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact. It cost taxpayers nothing. After Members of Congress from other regions and the opposition of President Bush and Vice President Cheney blocked these efforts, the Vermont Congressional Delegation--against great odds, but joined by allies from across the nation--urged creation of a national dairy program as a compromise. What we came up with is a new national dairy program that will provide cash assistance to dairy farmers comparable to what dairy farmers from Vermont and other New England States received under the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact.  There should be no doubt that what the conferees intended was for USDA to implement this program in a manner as similar to the compact as possible. Indeed, the formula for determining the monthly payments is nearly identical to the formula used under the Compact--it even is based on the price of Class I fluid milk in Boston.  The Statement of Managers summarizes the provision by noting that ``Under this program, participating dairy producers will receive monthly payments equal to 45 percent of the difference between $16.94 and the price per hundredweight of Class I fluid milk in Boston under the applicable federal milk marketing order. No payments will be made for months during which the fluid milk price in Boston is $16.94 or higher.'' Obviously, no negative assistance or negative ``payments'' can be paid to producers because that would not represent assistance or payments.  It is a very straightforward program. My staff met with several key USDA officials with significant responsibilities regarding the dairy programs, and with Keith Collins the USDA Chief Economist, to ensure that the language and time frames would work. I appreciate that the Office of Congressional Relations, USDA, helped set up that meeting.  We also requested more than one analysis from FAPRI showing how this new program would pay out to farmers, and to understand its possible impacts on production of milk by dairy farmers.  Some of my colleagues have asked how this formula was developed. After Congress consented to the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact in 1996, the Northeast Interstate Compact Commission decided to support the price of Class I fluid milk sold into the six New England states covered by the Compact (Maine, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New Hampshire) at a level that at times would beabove minimum established under the prevailing federal milk marketing order in the Northeast.  The Compact Commission took testimony and held hearings and decided to establish a floor of $16.94 per hundred weight under the Class I price. The floor was based on the price in Boston, so the floor for milk marketed outside of Boston but within the Compact region would vary, based on the local differential. The Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact only regulated sales of Class I fluid milk--which represents only about 45 percent of the total milk produced in New England. The percentage varies on a monthly basis. The rest of New England's milk is used to make other fine dairy products, such as Ben and Jerry's Ice Cream, or Cabot cheese. In other words, under the Compact, producers received payments on only about 45 percent of their total milk production.  The conferees tried to emulate this formula as closely as possible, while making sure it would work on a national basis. Like the compact, whenever the federal minimum price for fluid milk in Boston falls below $16.94 per hundred weight, participating dairy farmers will receive a payment. Like the Compact, payments will be made on only 45 percent of the milk marketed by a producer--a rough approximation of the Class I utilization rate in the Northeast that is fixed, rather than varying on a monthly basis.  The conferees didn't just try to emulate the payment formula established under the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact, they also emulated other elements of the Compact. For instance, the conference report requires the Secretary to make payments on a monthly basis not later than 60 days after the end of each month for which a payment is made. Timing of these payments is critical the Conferees wanted these counter-cyclical payments to be made when they're needed the most which is when the milk is marketed.  Under the time line set forth in the conference report, producers should begin receiving payments under this new national dairy program early this fall. USDA is required to begin signing up farmers to participate in the program not later than 60 days after the new farm bill is signed into law. As under the compact, all producers will receive payments on a monthly basis: USDA is required to pay producers not later than 60 days after the end of each month for which a payment is made.  In addition to representing a compromise among those supporting dairy compacts and those opposed to compacts, the national dairy program represents a compromise among those who wanted a counter-cyclical income support program for dairy farmers and those who wanted no such program. Much to my chagrin, the program is authorized only through September 30, 2005, and payments under the program are capped.  Now, I know others also lament the fact that there is a cap on eligible production. While some of us believe the cap is too low, others complain that the cap is too high. But this is a compromise that will ensure that producers across the country benefit. Some of my colleagues have suggested that payments from this program will stimulate additional production and drive down prices. I don't believe this will be the case. Here's why:  First, this program is not permanent, it is temporary--it ends in 2005. Producers are not likely to make long-term investments to expand production based on a program that ends before they have had a chance to recoup their fixed costs.  Second, in the short term, there are practical limits to how quickly dairy farmers can expand production. Currently, there is a shortage of animals that would limit any production increases.  Third, our experience with the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact has shown--as the General Accounting Office Reports have documented--that payments comparable to these--at least in the Northeast--have not stimulated massive expansions. In fact, last year, producers in the Northeast expanded at a rate below the national average.  But nevertheless, the Conferees agreed to cap the quantity of milk on which a producer can receive payments each fiscal year. While it is clear from the text of the law, and it was clearly the intent of the drafters, I want to point out that any milk production marketed in months when no payment is made to farmers is not to be counted toward the 2.4 million pound cap.  In other words, the cap only applies to the volume of milk produced in months which generated payments by USDA under section 1502, not on all the milk produced during the year. This is set forth in subsection (d) where it states that amounts to be counted toward the 2.4 million pound limit are counted ``during the months of the applicable fiscal year for which the producers receive payments . . .''  Related to this point is another issue concerning the cap. Note that if all pounds are counted when a USDA payment is made, larger family farms could hit their cap in the first few months of any year when payment rates per hundredweight might be lower. But it would not make good policy sense to see a large family farm get a very small payment, for example, $.10 per cwt. in the fall and then exceed the cap and get no payment when payments could reach $1.00 per cwt. in the spring.  Since this national program was intended to be counter cyclical, farmers should be allowed to pick which months they want to submit for payments, for months when a payment is due.  The easiest way to implement this intent, would be that a farmer must not only market the milk but the farmer or agent must also report it to USDA. If a farmer chooses not to report his or her production in a month, the farmer gets no payment that month but also his or her production does not count against his or her cap. This maximizes the opportunity this program offers for a strong counter cyclical protection.  Under this approach, USDA would then keep track of the first ``countable'' 2.4 million pounds of production each year, and then reduce the last check or eliminate checks for the remainder of the year. This would represent a very simple way for USDA to implement this provision and meet the 60-day deadline for ``monthly'' prospective payments set forth in subsection (e).  This approach will allow a larger farm operation to use the program when it is most needed. However, keep in mind that regardless which months are selected for payment, the cap of 2.4 million pounds per fiscal year still applies. This is the fairest way to be responsive to larger family farms under a tight cap in a program which was designed to be counter cyclical.  This would not be unprecedented: Grain and oilseed producers have this sort of flexibility--they are able to lock in loan deficiency payments and marketing loan gains at time of their choosing--at any point before they lose beneficial interest in their crops. Some producers even travel to neighboring counties to lock in higher LDPs. Most are successful in locking in LDPs during harvest-time lows, even though the season average price at which they market their crop generally is significantly higher. USDA should provide similar flexibility to dairy producers, allowing them to elect when to receive payments.  I am concerned about language which the other body insisted upon toward then end of the process. I am concerned about larger family operations where several family members have joined together for efficiency but the farm is still supporting more than one family. USDA should be open to viewing those farms as true multiple operations under this program. For other programs, and in other areas such as the South, USDA permits these multiple operations.  USDA should look at the totality of the circumstances in determining whether producers should be treated as having single or multiple operations. Farmers should not be penalized for working together to enhance efficiency. That was the whole point behind the definition of producer found in 1502(a)(5). That definition would have automatically included husbands and wives, fathers or mothers and adult children, adult siblings, and the like, working on the same farm. In most cases, each of the above would have each been entitled to application of a separate 2.4 million pound cap because they would naturally share in the risk of producing milk and would likely make significant contributions to thedairy farming operation, as required by section 1502(a)(5).  For example, for a spouse living on the farm it would be hard to imagine a situation where the spouse would not ``share in the risk'' since part of the household income would come from milk sales. Also, in most situations a spouse would be making contributions of labor or management or some other valuable contribution. There is nothing in USDA Notice LD-505, dated March 14, 2001, regarding the definition of dairy operation which would preclude the family members mentioned above from being in, or setting up, separate operations. Since the intent of section 1502(a)(5) was to make the farm bill friendly to family operations the implementation of the ``diary operation'' definition should not undercut that pro-family approach.  On page 4 of that Notice, ``dairy operation'' is defined as ``any person or group of persons who as a single unit produce and market milk commercially produced from cows and whose production and facilities are located in the United States.'' There is no reason to suspect that USDA intended that this should be interpreted as inherently anti-family. Many statements about this farm bill talk about its focus on the family farm.  In this regard, I would encourage the Farm Services Agency, USDA, to work with other USDA agencies and milk handlers and cooperatives to lessen the administrative burden on farmers. The intent is to provide a countercyclical safety net when needed most--and USDA should be aware of that goal when they are writing regulations to the extent regulations are needed.  While the text makes this very clear, it should be noted that this program is not a straight subsidy. It is a targeted safety net program to take the bottom out of crushingly low prices for small and medium farms that also provide so many benefits to rural communities and the environment even beyond the milk they produce.  Note that fresh drinking milk (Class I) prices fell $.33 per gallon throughout the Federal Order system--which governs sales of 70 percent of all U.S. milk--on December 1, 2001 because of fewer consumers going out to eat after September 11, and other factors.  Of course, the focus of this national program and the focus of the formula which is used to compute the benefits is on ``Class I milk.'' Payments are based on $16.94 minus ``the Class I milk price per hundredweight in Boston.'' This is based, of course, on the formula used in calculating benefits under the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact Commission.  A significant feature of the new national dairy program is that it will be retroactive, covering market losses due to low prices since Dec. 1, 2001. On that date, there was a devastating drop in the price for Class I fluid milk. Producers should receive these retroactive payments at the same time they receive their first payments early this fall.  This ``transition rule'' found in subsection (h), provides that those payments are ``[i]n addition to any payment that is otherwise available under this section . . .''  As I pointed out more than once during discussions, the goal of this subsection is to address the steep drop in dairy prices to farmers starting in December, 2001. The benefits of the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact ended on October 1, 2001. The adverse impact of that termination started hurting New England farmers during that crash in milk prices in December.  The goal of subsection (h) for those farmers was to hold them harmless regarding the loss of the Congressional consent to the Compact. A second goal, since this now is a national program, is to compensate all dairy farmers for their market losses--not just New England farmers--since December 1, 2001.  Of course, that is a different goal than the prospective ``monthly'' program which provides monthly payments, for future months when they are due, and operates until September 30, 2005. That prospective program has a 2.4 million pound cap as set forth in (d). Indeed, (d)(2) ``Limitation,'' states that, ``The payment quantity for all producers on a single dairy operation during the months of the applicable fiscal year for which the producers receive payments under subsection (b) shall not exceed 2,400,000 pounds.''  In addition, (d)(2) sets forth a limitation regarding each dairy operation and (d)(3) gives the Secretary authority to issue rules to ensure that producers do not reconstitute dairy operations for the sole purpose of receiving additional payments under this section.  This ``limitations'' language was inserted out of a concern that an uncapped program would lead to significant increases in production of milk. Also, there was a concern that farmers would reorganize in the future just to get higher payments under the national program.  These concerns do not apply to the benefits paid out under subsection (h) because farmers would need time machines to go back in the past and increase their production or to change their legal structure retrospectively. Indeed, the amount of production covered by (h) is the amount of ``eligible production'' as defined in section 1502(a)(2).  This approach to those dairy market losses in a sense makes up for the fact that programs for others farmers, non-dairy farmers, continued to exist after September 30, 2001, and were to be continued until the 1996 farm bill was to end on September 30, 2002. Thus, non-dairy farmers continued to receive some types of countercyclical, or other benefits, from the existing provisions of the 1996 farm bill. Dairy farmers did not enjoy those protections except for the price support program scheduled to end soon.  Thus, subsection (h) gives dairy farmers some relief from the huge drop in milk prices which they have suffered since December 1, 2001. In order to allow these farmers to pay off their debts, pay their bills, and keep in the dairy farming business, it is hoped that USDA will quickly compute the ``transition'' payment to be made on the ``quantity of eligible production of the producer marketed during the period beginning on December 1, 2001, and ending on the last day of the month preceding the month the producers on the dairy farm entered into the contract [with USDA].'' These payments should be made with the first ``monthly'' prospective checks to be issued under subsection (b).  Although I am pleased with the dairy provisions, I want to express my disappointment in the outcome of the downed animal provision in this bill. The intent of the Senate Agriculture Committee was to end the unnecessary suffering of downed livestock, animals that are not even healthy for us to eat, by calling for their humane euthanasia when they are brought to intermediate markets. The provision was included in both the House and Senate versions of the bill, but was changed substantially in conference.  I want to make it clear that I am unhappy with the changes made and that I am committed to passing the provision, as it was originally written, either through this committee or on another vehicle. I understand that Chairman Harkin is interested in revisiting this issue as well and I hope that he will join me in completing the work that needs to be done for downed animals.  I request that the Secretary of Agriculture complete the study required in this bill within 6 months and I ask that she include, within the conclusions of the study, exactly how she plans to make every step from the farm through the slaughterhouse a humane trip for nonambulatory animals. I hope she will find, as 165 of my colleagues in the House and Senate have, that the only humane action to take is euthanasia at the intermediate market.  I also want to make a few comments about the conservation programs in the new farm bill. Although I am disappointed we were unable to sustain the level of funding for conservation that was included in the Senate-passed bill, I am pleased we were able to increase the level of conservation funding by roughly 80 percent.  The conference report includes a provision to increase funding for the successful Agriculture Management Assistance program created in the Agriculture Risk Protection Act of 2001. This program targets 15 states that have been traditionally underserved by crop insurance programs, including Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Massachusetts, Maine, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Utah, Vermont, West Virginia, and Wyoming.  This program was also expanded in the final House-Senate bill to include aid for all organic agriculture activities and to help producers develop new marketing opportunities, including opportunities for value-added processing. I expect this program to be administered in a very similar manner to the successful way in which it has been run over the past two years, with minor changes to accommodate the expansion of eligible activities. The program has been highly successful for the eligible states and I expect that it will continue to address the conservation and other critical needs of those states.  Also, during debate over the Senate version of the farm bill, Senator Harkin included in the bill, at my request, a provision establishing a $12 million minimum ``floor'' on conservation payments per State to address concerns I and many of my colleagues raised about previous farm bills, which tended to allocate the bulk of their funds to a minority of producers in single regions of the country.  With this language, I felt the Congress could truly show its concern that all states, in all regions of the country, receive a minimum level of much-needed conservation assistance to protect farms, community watersheds, open space, and wildlife habitat. The language was clear in its intent to ensure each state received at least $12 million in conservation assistance by April 1 of each fiscal year if it had qualified applications for that amount of funds. The language also ensured that funds unused by a state would be returned to USDA and reallocated to other States, not the General Treasury.  This ``regional equity'' language was altered slightly in the final bill to minimize paperwork at USDA and maximize the ability of the Secretary of Agriculture while continuing to ensure at least $12 million be made available to all states with eligible applications. The Secretary may do this however it is most effective: for example, with a reserve fund set aside to ensure all states receive needed funds.  As written in the conference report, the $12 million includes applications for all programs under Subtitle D of Title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985, 16 U.S.C. 3830 et seq., excluding the Conservation Reserve Program, CRP, Wetlands Reserve Program, WRP, and Conservation Security Program, CSP. Before April 1 of each fiscal year, applications from producers in States that has not yet received at least $12 million in conservation funding would have priority for funding for all conservation programs except CRP, WRP, and CSP. With respect to CRP, WRP, and CSP, producers in these under-served states would compete for funds without specific priority--on an equal footing with all other national applications. Because the Agriculture Management Assistance conservation program is not under Subtitle D, for eligible states, this program also effectively would not count toward the $12 million total, and would continue to be administered as it has been, successfully, since its creation in the Agriculture Risk Protection Act of 2001.  There are a number of other conservation programs that also are very important to Vermont and other New England States. I especially am pleased that funding for the farmland protection program--which began as a pilot program in Vermont--was increased to nearly $1 billion. Never before has FPP received such levels of mandatory funding.  In addition, the conference report authorizes a new ``farm viability'' program. It was the conferees intent that this program be modeled after the very successful Massachusetts Farm Viability Program for purposes of farmland protection. The farm viability program will allow USDA to make grants--through eligible States or private land trust--to producers to help them assess the long-term viability of their farming operation. Using these funds, producers can hire experts to help them develop and implement a plan to improve their long-term business prospects. This might entail shifting to a different mix of crops or livestock, engaging in direct marketing through farmers markets or setting up a road-side stand, or even taking advantage of opportunities to profit from agri-tourism.  This program will help the limited funding for farmland protection go further. Many farm families enroll land in the farmland protection program in order to be able to pass along the family farm to their children. They want to know, before enrolling in the program, whether their children will be able to make a living on the farm. The farm viability program will help them determine this, and will help others who already have enrolled their land in FPP to continue to use their land as working lands.  Of course, the farm bill isn't just about farmers. I particularly am proud of the nutrition title of this year's farm bill. It will significantly strengthen nutrition assistance in this country. Food stamp benefits have been improved and simplified, funding for emergency food providers has been increased and numerous other advancements--notably funding for seniors' farmer's markets are included in this title.  I am proud that the nutrition title of this farm bill contains so many important simplifications in the program. All of the conferees, from both sides of the aisle and both chambers, were united in our desire to do what is right for working poor families and others that need help assuring that their families receive a nutritionally adequate diet.  I also am grateful for all of USDA's help and support throughout the conference. Time and again, Undersecretary Bost and his staff gave us invaluable perspective. They helped us understand where we needed to act and where we could count on them to fix a problem. In this context, I would like to highlight a few of the most important of the provisions we adopted.  One of the provisions that excited all of us the most was transitional food stamps for families leaving cash assistance. Although we gave states broad discretion in this area, we hope they will apply this option to the maximum number of households.  Only those that have been found guilty of wilful misconduct of one kind or another are ineligible for transitional food stamps. The many households leaving TANF for procedural reasons, such as failure to keep an appointment, would remain eligible. Many families that decide to go it alone without further cash assistance simply stop communicating with the welfare office. The family may be unable to get through to an eligibility worker to inform her or him of its decision to withdraw from cash assistance or may not see the reason. Some of these families may have low-wage jobs. Others may be hoping to piece together various means of support to get by until they find work. Either way, these families need the help that transitional food stamps can offer. We urge states to provide it.  Once a family begins to receive transitional food stamps, we intend for those food stamps to continue for the full five-month transitional period. Even if the state takes the option to act on changes it learns about through other programs, it should not take any adverse action against the household's food stamps unless the state has definite information that the household is ineligible. Requiring households to contact the food stamp office or provide verification during the transitional benefit period would defeat the entire purpose of granting households a period of repose.  The other side of this, of course, is that since states would not be expected or allowed to take the usual measures to review the accuracy of the household's benefit level during the period, the state would not be held accountable through the quality control system for any errors in that household's benefits. As long as the state correctly adjusted the household's benefits from the last month it was receiving cash assistance, the state would not be subject to a finding of error during any of the months of the transitional benefit period even if the benefit amount in that prior month turned out to be in error. The error in the prior month could result in an error only if the household's case was sampled in that prior month.  In this connection, a state should be free to designate certain types of changes, such as cost of living increases in Social Security benefits or the addition of new members to a household, that it would act upon if it received word from another program and other kinds of changes it would disregard. As usual, the QC systemwould only measure how well the state carried out the tasks it had elected in its plan to perform. Thus, a state that had elected to act only on new members added to a family might be liable for failing to provide food stamps to a new infant that was being added to the family's Medicaid coverage but would not be liable for processing changes in wages. In no event, however, should the household be required to provide information or verification or threatened with termination of its benefits.  The simplified definitions of income and resources also should simplify the program in important ways. We repeatedly added items to the list of things that states could not exclude at USDA's suggestion so that the Department would not have to add to that list by regulation. We were pleased that the final provisions met with the Department's satisfaction and that states can move forward in reliance on the list in the statute. Only under extraordinary circumstances do we expect USDA would need to add to either list.  Although cash in bank accounts that was readily accessible to the household would still count as a resource, a state could exclude the interest on those bank accounts from income calculations. This relatively tiny source of income is easy to forget and difficult to track. Excluding it is exactly the kind of simplification state agencies and households need as we move the food stamp program away from its old focus on serving welfare recipients to its new emphasis on the working poor and other diverse low-income populations.  States could, however, exclude accounts that households could not readily access, such as funds that states' TANF programs designate only to be spent for education, home or car purchases, or other specific purposes. States also could exclude any designated retirement savings, including individual retirement accounts, to the extent current regulations do not already exclude those items.  Jointly-held property also could be excluded if the household could incur legal liability by withdrawing the funds. Eligibility workers have neither the time nor the expertise to sort out potentially complicated ownership interests.  One of the simplifications that we expect will help states and households the most is the change to the standard utility allowance or SUA. In a cold state such as mine, heating and other utility bills inevitably affect low-income families' ability to purchase a nutritionally adequate diet. We believe we have crafted a provision that simplifies the treatment of utility expenses without reducing benefits for any significant number of households. The substantial cost estimate for this provision reflects that assumption.  Achieving our goals obviously depends on states having and maintaining adequate SUAs. Although the shift to a mandatory SUA should not increase federal costs except in the two respects addressed in this amendment, neither should it save money at low-income households' expense. States that shift from an optional SUA to a mandatory one should be able to increase it somewhat in the transition without increasing federal costs.  Perhaps even more importantly, states need to faithfully observe USDA's regulation requiring annual reviews of the SUA's adequacy. In the past, some states let their SUAs stagnate for many years at a time. We were pleased to hear that USDA has been moving recently to achieve greater compliance with the updating requirement and that it intends to continue to do so. We know that many states lack the technical capacity to conduct detailed economic surveys to determine just what the optimal SUA might be. USDA, however, has allowed a state simply to compute the increase in utility costs from the time the state last changed its SUA and apply that percentage to increase the SUA. We trust that this sensible approach will continue and will be made available to all states.  At the same time we simplified in many respects, we did not intend to create new complexities. A question has arisen about the standard deduction provision of our bill. Obviously, 8.31 percent of the net income limit will not be an even dollar number since the net income limit figure is expressed in an even number of dollars. We do not intend to require state agencies to process standard deductions expressed in pennies. USDA could not give households a standard deduction that is less than 8.31 percent of the net income eligibility limit, but it clearly has authority to round that number up to the next largest whole dollar. This has not presented a problem in the past and see no reason why it would now.  We set up a new system of bonuses for high-performing states. We in no way intend to pre-judge what system USDA will select to give out those funds. USDA could rely on statistical measurements, as it does now, but it also could allow states to apply for bonuses in particular categories. Allowing states to compete for recognition and bonus awards for the most innovative means of correcting problems in program administration could provide useful lessons that could benefit other states.  A couple of ideas were advanced that we did not adopt. We rejected an Administration proposal to cut back on categorical eligibility for food stamps. Current regulations give states broad flexibility to determine what items receiving TANF or MOE funding should be considered benefits that trigger categorical eligibility. USDA approval is required only in limited, clearly delineated circumstances.  The Department argued that this policy is too broad, but we were not persuaded. The Department is free, of course, to renew its proposal with us if it feels strongly about this issue. It should not, however, act unilaterally to restrict flexibility states have under current law and regulations.  Also, we made no change in the procedures for approving state plans to certify elderly and disabled households for food stamps based on information in the Social Security Administration's files. These would still go through the research waiver process, although as states and the Department gain more experience with these projects, we anticipate approval should become much easier. The waiver process is important, however, to ensure that we are not shortchanging households with high housing or medical costs. Also, the Department needs to make sure that eligible people are not losing out on food stamps during the period their applications for disability benefits are pending with SSA.  All in all, I believe that this package of simplifications and benefit expansions represent a significant step forward on the path the program has been traveling over the last several years. This package should strengthen the food stamp program's role as a work support and as a nutrition safety net for those going through difficult times. It deserves our full and enthusiastic support.  I would like to take this opportunity to comment more extensively on one of the most important aspects of the nutrition title, the restoration of benefits to legal immigrants. As my colleagues know, I remain deeply opposed to the benefit cuts to legal immigrants enacted as a part of the 1996 welfare law. I have worked ever since the passage of that law to ease the eligibility restrictions on legal immigrants in a wide array of programs. Immigrants are admitted into this country as legal permanent residents with the assumption that they will be a part of our communities, work and pay taxes, and serve at our nation's defense. It is unjust to exclude these hardworking individuals from access to critical work support programs and the safety net if they fall on hard times.  The legal immigrant restrictions in the food stamp program were the harshest of all of major federal benefit programs, causing more than one million legal immigrants to lose eligibility. Unfortunately, immigrants have not been the only group affected by the food stamp restrictions. Over 85 percent of immigrant families are households that include at least one citizen child. From 1994 to 1998, 1.2 million immigrants left the program, mostly due to the eligibility restrictions. Over the same period, 1 million citizen children of immigrant parents also left the program, representing a 74 percent decline for this group.  Immigrant advocates and emergency food providers believe that these legal immigrant parents are confused about their children's eligibility and that the parents believe if their children receive food stamps that it could have a negative impact on immigrant family members' immigration status.  Children of immigrants now make up a significant share of the childhood poverty population. Nationally, one in four children in poverty have immigrant parents. In order to continue to make meaningful inroads in reducing child poverty, it is key to find new ways to serve more effectively the children of immigrants.  Of course, the best way to resolve this problem would be to restore eligibility to all legal immigrants. Unfortunately, we did not have the resources in this farm bill to provide for such a restoration. Nonetheless, we have taken major strides to significantly ameliorate the restrictive rules. The final bill is based largely upon the immigrant restorations in the Senate-passed farm bill, which were expanded upon with overwhelming bipartisan support on the Senate floor.  We decided that if the eligibility for legal immigrant children is restored the food stamp eligibility rules for children will become less complex and easier to explain. This should encourage immigrant parents to apply for benefits on behalf of their children. If states, the anti-hunger community and the immigrant community can inform families that all poor children are eligible for food stamps, there will be a much greater chance of reaching those families confused about the current rules.  Another significant component of the immigrant provision is that it restores benefits to qualified legal immigrant adults who have lived in the U.S. for 5 or more years with that status. Of course, there are many types of qualified immigrant statuses. It will not matter if the immigrant held one qualified status such as asylee and then changed their status to something else such as a legal permanent resident. The five year clock begins from the time the immigrant first held a qualified status.  The adult restoration provides basic conformity in food stamp eligibility rules to those already in place in Medicaid, SCHIP and TANF. It is our hope that these new food stamp rules will make it easier for states to administer and for immigrants to understand. Finally, the legislation would allow legal immigrants receiving benefits under specified disability-based programs to qualify for food stamps.  Children will no longer be subject to sponsor deeming rules, although sponsor immigrant adults will continue to be subject to these rules. As a part of our deliberations, we reviewed USDA's recent regulations on sponsor deeming and found them to be an appropriate policy consistent with our understanding of how deeming should operate in the food stamp program--a balance of ensuring that needy immigrants are able to access food assistance while not providing assistance to immigrants who are being supported by their sponsors. We also appreciate that USDA was sensitive to not restricting food assistance to immigrants whose sponsors refuse to cooperate by providing requested paperwork. We do not expect USDA to make any changes in this area.  When we were evaluating how to design these provisions, we placed great weight on the cost estimates that CBO provided for this package, as well as the price tag the Administration gave its own proposals in its FY2003 budget. Neither estimate assumed that any sponsors had to repay the federal government as a result of immigrants receiving food stamps. Under the new affidavits of support now in place, most sponsors are likely to be a very close family member of the immigrant's. This means that they are likely to live together and be a part of the same family unit or food stamp household.  In all the years that I have worked on the food stamp program, Congress has never required food stamp households to repay benefits for which they were eligible. Sponsor liability should not and does not circumvent that principle. We do not intend for a low-income sponsor to incur a debt for food stamps that he or she receives along with the sponsored immigrants.  Of course, we have no intention of allowing affluent sponsors to abdicate their responsibilities. But low-income sponsors who are a part of the food stamp household or family unit should not be billed for signing up other family members for food stamps. Consider a step-father who sponsored his new wife and step-child into the country some years ago. If he loses his job and he and his new family become eligible for food stamps, we want them to avail themselves of this critical temporary assistance. There should be no penalties for being eligible for and participating in the food stamp program.  With these restorations, we will come closer to righting a great wrong. Immigrants and immigration are a part of the history and heritage of our country. I am pleased that hard working immigrants who fall on hard times will be able to gain access to this important food assistance program. No member of our society should go without enough to eat. This legislation moves us further toward fulfilling that goal.  I urge my colleagues to vote for this conference report.  