I also compliment him for his leadership on corporate accountability. Sometime ago, he asked the Chairs of the various committees with possible jurisdiction in this area to get together and craft comprehensive legislation. I recall that meeting very well. I recall the majority leader--back at the time of Enron, before WorldCom and these other business scandals came forward--expressing his concern that not only is this a blight on the business community, it is a blight on our system of doing things. He also spoke about how terrible it was for those people, not only workers who had their pensions tied up in the fortunes of the companies they are working with and are relying on for truthfulness--what they assumed is the truthfulness--of the accounting statements of those companies, but also many other people who invest, whether it is a farmer in South Dakota or a merchant in a small town in Vermont who is putting savings in and hoping this will be part of his retirement.  The majority leader made it very clear to all of us that we were to set politics aside, we were to set any kind of special interests aside, and we were to bring up the best legislation possible for the people of America. That was what Senator Daschle charged us to do, and that is what I am trying to do with this amendment.  We have excellent accounting reform legislation, S. 2673, crafted by Chairman Sarbanes and the Senate Banking Committee. I commend Senator Sarbanes and the other members of the Banking Committee--for their bipartisan leadership. Senator Sarbanes had people on both sides of the aisle come out with this legislation, and I am proud to cosponsor it.  My amendment is to add to Senator Sarbanes' legislation, not to detract from it. As he knows, I offered to add a criminal penalty and other provisions that are within the jurisdiction of the Judiciary Committee.  My amendment is cosponsored by Senator McCain and the majority leader, Senators Durbin, Harkin, Cleland, Levin, Kennedy, Biden, Feingold, Miller, Edwards, Boxer, Corzine, Kerry, Schumer and Brownback. Our amendment is identical to S. 2010, the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act that was reported unanimously by both Republicans and Democrats in the Judiciary Committee on April 25.  Again, following the very clear direction the distinguished majority leader gave us when he said we have to protect the people of this country, we have to make sure corporate America can do its best to help our economy, this would create tough new penalties for securities fraud and would preserve evidence of fraud to make sure there is accountability for crimes that not only cheat investors but rob the markets themselves of the public trust. The markets have stolen the public's trust.  According to press reports, President Bush has changed his mind on corporate reform and may support new penalties for corporate fraud, and I welcome the President's change of heart. The Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act creates tough, new, criminal penalties for corporate fraud, and Senator Daschle and I have written to the President asking for his support.  The time for watching and hand-wringing is over. We have to take action to start the slow but critical process of restoring confidence in the books of our publicly traded companies.  The collapse of Enron has become a symbol of a corporate culture where greed has been inflated and accountability devalued. Unfortunately, Enron is no longer alone. Joined by Arthur Andersen, Global Crossing, Tyco, Xerox, and, most recently, WorldCom, the misrepresentations about the financial health of our Nation's largest companies have shaken confidence in our financial markets.  If we do nothing to learn and apply the repeated lessons of the last months, we are only going to compound the problem. That was obviously the belief of the unanimous Judiciary Committee vote when the committee approved S. 2010. Innocent consumers, investors, and employees depend on stock investments for their children's college funds, for their retirement nest eggs, and for their savings. Every week brings news of a new financial scandal. Just look at the effect on the stock market. It has been devastating. This has repercussions not just for companies that depend on our capital markets to grow their businesses and our economy, but certainly also for the average American family. More than one in every two Americans invest in our financial markets, and they are watching what we do here. They deserve action.  Those who defraud investors should be held accountable for their crimes. The Leahy-McCain amendment, the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act, is all about accountability and transparency--two bedrocks of our market.  