President, I rise today to offer an amendment to authorize the establishment of a new voluntary organic research and promotion program. Just over a year ago we finalized the National Organic Program Rule. As this rule is implemented, it will provide assurance to the American public that the organic food they buy is subject to strict and consistent regulation. In addition, this rule will assist organic producers who want to export their products and will ensure that imported organic agricultural commodities meet standards on par with those of the United States.  In the decade that this rule was under development, the organic industry has experienced tremendous growth rates of more than 20 percent annually--it was estimated that in 2001 sales topped $9 billion.  As this industry continues to develop, it is important to adapt existing programs to support and enhance organic agriculture, as well as provide equitable benefits to organic producers. Currently, organic farmers are required to pay into existing mandatory research and promotion programs for various commodities. Many organic farmers object to this because they believe insufficient checkoff program funds are devoted to promoting or assisting in the development of organic agriculture. While they would prefer to be exempt from those assessments entirely, my amendment offers a viable and fair alternative.  My amendment authorizes a new voluntary organic research and promotion checkoff program, which will only be established if it is proposed and approved by a majority of certified organic producers and handlers.  What distinguishes this from existing checkoff programs is that any assessments under the order would be voluntary, not mandatory--individual farmers will have the flexibility to opt-in or opt-out of this research and promotion program.  To avoid double taxation, producers who choose to contribute to the organic order would be entitled to a credit against assessments under another order--which is similar to the credit producers are entitled to under existing checkoff programs if they contribute to a state or regional order covering the same commodity.  Additional provisions in the amendment address concerns raised about existing checkoff programs--representatives on the board must reflect both the regional distribution and differing scales of organic production and, at least once every four years, a referendum on the continuance of the order must be held.  I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment, which simply gives organic farmers the opportunity to choose how their research and promotion dollars are spent.  