The fact is that more than 50 of President Clinton's nominees never got a vote. Many languished for years before they were returned without even having a hearing. Others waited for years, up to even 4 years to be confirmed.  We are moving through, as we have these last 10 months, in filling vacancies with consensus nominees.  I voted for the vast majority of these nominees. I voted for all but one of these nominees.  They are going to be Republicans. We know they are going to be conservatives. That is fine.  But I am not going to vote for somebody who will put a sign up over the Federal court saying this is no longer an independent court.  If the White House would only work with us instead of working against us, we could end the vacancy crisis by the end of next year.  Many partisans in the other party appear, unfortunately, to have decided to make judges a domestic agenda item on which this administration is intent on winning partisan, political, and ideological victories. Given the closely divided Senate--and the Congress--and the narrow electoral victory of the President, the better course would have been to work together on vacancies that we inherited from the Republican Senate.  Republicans held court of appeals judgeships open for years. Now they see their chance to pack the courts and stack the deck with conservative judicial activists in order to tilt the outcomes on these courts.  The American people do not want--and our justice system does not need--a finger on the scales of justice. It is up to the Senate to maintain the independence of the courts and the balance on them. That means resisting the appointment of ends-oriented and ideologically-driven nominees. Do not be fooled about what the fight over circuit court nominations is about.  Republicans, perhaps brilliantly from a political point of view, but disastrous from the point of view of the independence of the courts, kept vacancies on the Fifth, Sixth, and D.C. Circuits open for the last 5 years. Now they have a President with a list of what he views as ``reliable nominees.'' They are trying to get these ideological nominees through.  This is not a political fight that we in my party have chosen. Indeed, the President's recent fundraising campaign swing through the South and theantagonistic efforts of his political adviser, Karl Rove, make clear that the Republicans have chosen this fight because they think it serves their political advantage.  They are deadly serious about their efforts to gain control of the District of Columbia Circuit, the Sixth, and the Fifth Circuits, and others--even to the point of questioning the religious background of members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, something I have never seen in 28 years in the Senate. It is one of the most reprehensible tactics that I have seen in my time in the Senate. I respect the religious background of every Member. I do not know the background of most; it is none of my business. I would never question the religious background of any nominee.  I resent greatly people on the other side of the aisle questioning my religion or the religion of members of the Senate Judiciary Committee.  This battle is over whether the circuit courts have judges who will follow precedent, respect congressional action, and act to protect individual rights of Americans, or become dominated by ideologically-driven activists.  I will continue to evaluate all of President Bush's nominees fairly, and to work in spite of the obstructionism and unfair criticism coming from the Republican side.  In the weeks and months to come we will be called upon to vote on some very controversial activist nominees. The rights of all Americans are at stake.  We have to ask whether a fair-minded, independent judiciary will survive to protect our fundamental civil liberties and constitutional rights, and whether our children and grandchildren will be able to look to the Federal judiciary for even-handed justice and protection.  That is what hangs in the balance.  I again invite the President and all Republicans to join with us in working to fill the remaining judicial vacancies with qualified, consensus nominees chosen from the mainstream, and not chosen for their ideological orientation--nominees who will be fair and impartial judges, and who will ensure that an independent judiciary will be the bulwark against the loss of our freedoms and rights.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  