President, I will vote for this amendment because I agree with its general purpose--to reaffirm unequivocally U.S. support for Israel's right to defend itself against acts of terrorism or other forms of aggression. Israel is a friend and ally, and it has faced threats to its survival for over half a century. Since its birth in 1947, we have provided Israel over $50 billion in aid. There is no doubt about our support.  While I will vote for this amendment I am uneasy that we are considering this matter at just the time when we are finally seeing real progress in defusing the recent crisis. While some wish it reflected a more balanced approach, this is the only amendment to be considered.  The amendment expresses support for Israel ``as it takes necessary steps to provide security for its people.'' I fully support that. But as so many have said, some of the steps taken by Israel in the past weeks and months have been both unnecessary and counterproductive. I fear that, in the long run, these steps may have weakened the security of the Israeli people because of the bitterness and the desire for vengeance that they caused among Palestinian civilians--many of whom had previously shunned violence. And there appears to be far more support for Yasser Arafat today among average Palestinians than there was just a few months ago.  The amendment demands that the Palestinian Authority ``dismantle the terrorist infrastructure.'' I fully agree that this needs to happen. I also know, as Secretary of State Powell has said, that Yasser Arafat, whose security apparatus has been largely destroyed by the Israelis, cannot do everything himself even if he wanted to, but he can and must do more. I also know there are people in the West Bank and Gaza who will do anything to sabotage progress toward peace.  The amendment singles out Egypt and Saudi Arabia to ``act in concert with the United States to stop the violence.'' They should do that, and condemn more forcefully the suicide bombings. These governments have many problems, and certainly the Saudi Government, with all its wealth, has not always played the constructive role it could. But it is important to recognize the positive things they have done, which this resolution fails to do. The Saudi Government has put forward the only viable peace proposal in the past 18 months. Not even the U.S. administration has done that. Egypt, according to Secretary Powell, has been supportive of U.S. policies in the region.  Mr. President, this amendment, which addresses a number of issues, is silent on others that need to be addressed. Given the vastly conflicting reports of what happened at Jenin, an impartial investigation should be done. The use of U.S. weapons also needs to be looked at, particularly since the State Department reports of ``numerous serious human rights abuses perpetrated by Israeli security forces during the year.''  And most important, there needs to be a recognition of the role of the Israeli settlements in the recent explosion of violence. For this amendment to not even mention the role that the settlements play strikes me as a serious omission because until that issue is resolved, I am afraid the bloodshed will continue.  It has been widely recognized for years that the United States is the only country that can play the role of intermediary in the Middle East. The situation has become so polarized, and steeped in hatred, that our task is now infinitely harder.  It is time for a more forceful strategy for peace because it is clear that normal diplomatic efforts have failed. Both sides say they want to live in peace, but whatever they have gained or suffered in the past few weeks has, I believe, only made peace more elusive.  A two-state solution is the only solution, and that means a Palestinian State that is viable, that is worth living for, not a state in name only.  And for Israelis, it means being able to live free of terror and fear. Suicide bombings or other deliberate attacks against civilians are acts of terrorism that can never, ever be justified. These bombings should be condemned by everyone, including countries in the Middle East that have either expressly condoned them or tacitly approved them by their silence.  The strategy of the Palestinian leadership has been a disaster for Israelis, for Palestinians, for the entire region. Mr. Arafat has repeatedly deceived his own people. Palestinians are an industrious, compassionate, proud people. They deserve far better. Mr. Arafat has survived this latest storm, but he needs to act immediately to prove that he wants peace and can be trusted.  As long as either side deprives the other of the freedom, the dignity, and the security to which all people are entitled, the bloodshed will continue. The President was right when he said there has been a lack of leadership on both sides. That is why, more than ever, stronger U.S. leadership is needed--leadership that receives the support of both sides.  I hope this amendment encourages that leadership.  