President, I had the privilege to be presiding while the distinguished Senator from Iowa was speaking of the work he has done putting together this farm bill. I listened. I have been chairman of the Agriculture Committee on one occasion, ranking member on another occasion, when we had to put through the 5-year farm bill.  I have worked with the distinguished chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, and now Presiding Officer, for over 20 years between the House and the Senate. I know how hard it is to put such a bill together.  The distinguished Senator from Iowa worked very closely with all Members--both Republicans and Democrats--in meeting after meeting, conversation after conversation, on the floor, in their offices, in the Senate dining room, walking across the Hill. I have been privy to a number of those conversations.  A farm bill has a number of diverse aspects to it. The President seems to wrap everything into some kind of sense of patriotism. We have to be patriotic. We have to have a missile defense system to be patriotic, we have to pass tax credits. Incidentally, the last tax cut and stimulus package they proposed would have given, I believe, a quarter of a billion dollars to Enron. I am not quite sure just what kind of patriotism comes out of giving another $250 million of taxpayers' money to Enron. Maybe it is because I come from Vermont and not Texas, but it didn't seem all that patriotic. But I digress.  The point is, everybody in this body is patriotic, Republicans and Democrats. Why don't we just acknowledge that. We wouldn't be here otherwise. Let's think, though, what that means. That means protecting all aspects of our country.  The United States is the only significant power in the world able to feed itself and still export food--billions of dollars worth of food. That is part of our national security. We are not energy sufficient. Maybe someday we will be, if we do a better job of conservation. We are food sufficient. We are a nation of over a quarter of a billion people and we can feed ourselves from within our own borders, and that willcontinue to be true if we continue the incentives that keep people on the land, keep the land productive, protect the environment for farmers so they can keep that land productive, and to be able to tell farmers: You will work hard and long, but you will be able to make a living out of it, your kids can go to college, someday you will be able to retire--all the things people desire.  I hope as we go forward the White House would realize we are all in this together. We are not talking about a partisan farm bill. One of the things I have enjoyed the most, serving for 27 years now on the Agriculture Committee, is the bipartisanship of that committee. I value my friendship with the current chairman. I value my friendship with the former chairman, Senator Lugar. They are two of the closest friends I have in this body.  I remember Hubert Humphrey, George McGovern, and Bob Dole working closely together on nutrition matters. This is a diverse group, but I think one thing that united them was their great sense of humor and a passion, a special passion for feeding the children of this country.  There have been bipartisan coalitions on that committee ever since I came here. There was a bipartisan coalition that started the WIC Program, one of the best things for children, for pregnant women, for women post partum, after giving birth. These are programs that have come out of there--the School Lunch Program, which has improved the nutrition of our children and is now considered just a staple of Government. Yet as Harry Truman knew at the time of World War II, so many people were rejected for the draft because of lack of nutrition, so he started the School Lunch Program.  I say this to commend the tremendous work of the Senator from Iowa. I am proud of him. I am proud to be his friend. I am proud to serve as a member of his committee.  With that, Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  