President, we will have a vote today on Randy Crane. There are Members who have stated, because the Democrats took over the full committee in July of last year, we would try to do the same thing to the Republicans that the Republicans did to the Democrats; that is, slow up and refuse to confirm judges. Of course, the figures show the opposite. The speedy confirmation of Randy Crane to the district court in Texas illustrates the effect of the reforms on the process that the Democratic leadership has spearheaded.  Despite the poor treatment of too many Democratic nominations through the practice of anonymous holds and other tactics employed during the past 6\1/2\ years, Randy Crane will be filling a judicial emergency vacancy seat that has been vacant since the year 2000 when the new position was created.  I worked with the Senators from Texas and other Senators along the southwestern border to fill this vacancy. In fact, Randy Crane is the second Federal judge confirmed from Texas in just the past few months.  Not too long ago when the Senate was under Republican control, it took 943 days to confirm Judge Tagle to the Southern District of Texas. She was nominated in August of 1995 and made to wait until March of 1998, stalled for 3 years, then passed unanimously--a lot different than the nomination of Michael Schattman to a vacancy on the Northern District of Texas. He never got a hearing. I recall 2 years ago, Ricardo Morado, who served as mayor of San Benito, TX, was nominated for a vacancy and never got a hearing or vote. They could have had those votes. We could have moved forward to fill those vacancies. This Senate and this Judiciary Committee is trying to fill them. They could have long ago been filled by nominees from President Clinton, but the fact is the Republicans refused to even allow a vote. We are not doing the same.  Unlike the many judicial nominees who were given a hearing but never allowed to be considered by the committee, we try to make sure President Bush's nominees get both a hearing and a vote by the committee. Until Judge Edith Clement of Louisiana received a hearing on her nomination to the Fifth Circuit last year, after the shift in majority, there had been no hearings on Fifth Circuit nominees since 1994 and no confirmations since 1995. In fact, we confirmed the first new judge of the Fifth Circuit in 6 years, even though there was a judicial circuit emergency.  Jorge Rangel was nominated to the Fifth Circuit in 1997 and never received a hearing on his nomination, or a vote, in 15 months. Enrique Moreno was nominated for the Fifth Circuit in 1999 and he never received a hearing on his nomination or a vote by the committee.  H. Alston Johnson was also first nominated to the fifth circuit in 1999 and never received a hearing on his nomination or a vote by the committee in 1999, 2000, or the beginning of 2001.  Despite the support of both of his home State Senators, his nomination to a Louisiana seat on the fifth circuit also languished without action for 23 months.  In contrast, under the Democrat-led Senate, President Bush's nominees to the fifth circuit, Judge Edith Brown Clement and Judge Charles Pickering, were treated fairly. Both received hearings less than 6 months after their nominations.  In fact, Judge Clement was the first fifth circuit nominee to receive a hearing since Judge James Dennis had a hearing, when Senator Biden chaired the Senate Judiciary Committee in 1994. She is the first person to be confirmed to that circuit since Judge Dennis' confirmation in 1995.  In contrast to recent, past practices, we are moving expeditiously to consider and confirm Randy Crane, who was nominated in September, received his ABA peer review in November, participated in a hearing in February, was reported by the committee in March and is today being confirmed.  This nominee has the support of both Senators from his home State and appears to be the type of qualified, consensus nominee that the Senate has been confirming to help fill the vacancies on our Federal courts. I congratulate Mr. Crane and his family on his confirmation today.  Following the votes on the Pickering nomination last Thursday by the Judiciary Committee, there have been a number of unfounded and unfair attacks against Democratic members of the Judiciary Committee. Reasonable people can disagree about whether Judge Pickering deserved a promotion, given his record as a judge. I am sorry, however, that some have chosen to make that committee action into an unfortunately acrimonious fight.  It is unfortunate that some are going out of their way to intervene, for example, in a matter before the Rules Committee, and objected to a bipartisan request for oversight funds--to be evenly divided between the committee's majority and minority--in order better to fulfill our increased oversight responsibility and make sure that agencies such as the FBI and the INS are doing their jobs appropriately.  In the wake of September 11, Senator Hatch and I submitted the joint request on behalf of the committee with oversight jurisdiction over the Department of Justice and its components. We wanted to assess the management, training, and resource lapses in the FBI, INS, and in the other Department of Justice agencies to ensure that these agencies know what they did wrong and to avoid a recurrence of those tragic events.  We were reminded just last week of the need for this kind of oversight when additional problems at the INS surfaced. It is too bad that some are choosing to obstruct this important effort.  That retribution is now threatening the important work of the committee and the functioning of the Senate. I hope we are not entering an era in which any disagreement is vilified, and harsh, inappropriate rhetoric, is employed to make political points with the extreme elements.  This scorched earth campaign in which unrelated nominations and bills and oversight responsibilities are being compromised is not in the best interests of the Senate.  I recall that even in our disappointment after the Republicans rejected the nomination of Judge Ronnie White in a party-line floor vote in 1999, I proceeded to vote for the confirmation of Ted Stewart of Utah.  The committee vote on the Pickering nomination was not a sneak attack or a ``lynching.''  It was not a nomination of which Senators had indicated that would vote one way and then went into a closed party caucus and were instructed to vote another. It was not a party-line vote insisted upon by party leaders. It was not a matter in which the committee held a pro forma hearing and then refused over a period of weeks and months to bring the matter to the committee agenda for an up or down vote.  It was not a circumstance where the nominee was not afforded the opportunity to hear Senators' concerns and respond to those concerns. It was not a circumstance where the nominee was not asked about concerns and cases and his own actions at his hearing.  This was a case in which I responded to the request of a Senator to proceed to schedule a quick hearing on a judicial nomination.  As Senators reviewed this nomination, they had concerns. They asked the nominee about those concerns. The committee assembled a record, which was the record of the nominee's official actions as a Federal judge. The committee then held a follow-up hearing to allow the nominee another opportunity to make his best case and respond to Senators' concerns and then provided a further opportunity through written questions and answers.  After delaying committee action for 2 weeks at the request of the Republican leader and the ranking Republican on the committee, we met and debated the merits of the nomination for over 4 hours before voting.  I believe that the members of the Judiciary Committee based their votes on their review of the record and their having measured the nominee against the standard each Senator must develop for voting on lifetime appointments to the Federal courts. I regretthat some are questioning the motives of Senators.  The Senators on the Judiciary Committee, both Republican and Democratic, are seeking to exercise their responsibilities with respect to their votes appropriately, on the merits and in accordance with their standards for such matters.  In spite of fair treatment, hearings and a vote, on Thursday, attacks arose suggesting that Senate Democrats have imposed an unconstitutional religious test to the nomination of Judge Pickering to the appellate court. I hesitate to dignify such a scurrilous allegation with a response, but I feel I must set the record straight. The Democratic members of the committee have never inquired into Judge Pickering's religion. It had no place in the deliberations.  These charges, that the Democratic Senators on the committee have voted against Judge Pickering based in any way based on his religion are outrageous, unfounded, and untrue. Whether a nominee goes to church, temple, or mosque, or not, has not been used by anyone in this Senate in the consideration of a judicial or any nominee.  Article VI of the United States Constitution requires that ``no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States.'' In accordance with the separation of church and state embodied in our Constitution, no religious test has been applied to this nominee or any other.  I recall the recent reports indicated that Justice Scalia had recently commented on the religion of judges and suggested that Federal judges who are Catholic should consider resigning if imposing the death penalty was a moral problem for them. But no Senator, at any time during the consideration of the Pickering nomination, commented unfavorably on his religion.  The responsibility to advise and consent on the President's nominees is one that I take seriously and the other members of the Judiciary Committee take seriously. Senator Schumer and Senator Feinstein chaired fair hearings on Judge Pickering's nomination. I regret that they and others on the committee have been subjected to unfair criticism and attacks for fulfilling their duties.  Some of our Democratic Senators have been receiving calls and criticism based on their religious affiliations. That is wrong. Other Senators have been insulted and called names for asking questions of the nominee and for disagreeing with this choice for the court of appeals. That is regrettable.  There are strongly held views on both sides. But while Democrats and most Republicans have kept to the merits of this nomination, it is unfortunate that some have chosen to vilify, castigate, unfairly characterize, and condemn without basis Senators working conscientiously to fulfill their constitutional responsibilities.  I also want to express concerns about recent statements from the administration, including from the President, that the Senate's treatment of judicial nominees ``hurts our democracy.''  This statement reveals an unsettling misunderstanding of the fundamental separation of powers in our Constitution and the checks and balances in the Founder's design.  In our democracy, the President is not given unchecked powers to pack the courts and to give lifetime appointments to anyone who shares certain ideological views.  Instead, the Constitution provides a democratic check on the power of appointment by requiring the advice and consent of the Senate.  Each Senator on the committee made up his or her own mind on whether to vote for the promotion of Judge Pickering to the Court of Appeals. The Senators on the committee studied Judge Pickering's record as a judge. The committee's vote was part of our democratic process.  This democratic check on the President's appointment power demonstrates our democracy in action, not action that ``hurts our democracy.'' By having fair hearings and voting on nominees, up or down, the Judiciary Committee is proceeding as it should.  The administration should not throw gasoline onto this combustible situation. It could, instead, recognize its role in sending division nominations to the Senate and seek to work with us to find and appoint consensus nominees.  Unlike the many judicial nominees who did not get hearings or were accorded a hearing but were never allowed to be considered for a vote by the committee, we are trying to accord nominees whose paperwork is complete and whose blue slips are returned both a hearing and a fair up or down vote.  Those who assert that the Democrats have caused a vacancy crisis in the Federal courts are ignoring recent history.  There were an unusually high number of retirements taken by Federal judges after the November 2000 election. Moreover, by the time the Senate was permitted to reorganize after the change in majority, the number of vacancies have reached 105 and was rising to 111, including 32 vacancies on the courts of appeals. That is the situation I inherited and the Democratic majority in the Senate was faced with last summer.  Since then this is the 42d judicial nominee to be confirmed, including seven judges to the courts of appeals. Contrary to what some might say, the Democratic majority has actually been keeping up with attrition and we have started moving the vacancy numbers in the right direction--down. By contrast, from January 1995, when the Republican majority took over control of the Senate until they relinquished it in June 2001, Federal judicial vacancies rose by 65 percent, from 63 to 105.  Already, in less than 9 months in the majority, we have made more progress than was made in 4 whole years of Republican leadership, 2000, 1999, 1997, and, of course, 1996.  Within the past 9 months, after the change in majority, we have confirmed 42 judges, including 7 to the courts of appeals.  In all of 2000, the Senate confirmed fewer, only 39 judges, and in 1999 fewer still, only 33 judges, with 7 to the courts of appeals.  We are doing what the Republican majority did not do: keeping up with the rate of attrition and moving the numbers in the right directions. Tomorrow we are scheduled to hold another hearing on another court of appeals nominee, at the request of Senator Enzi.  I hope this nominee will turn out to be uncontroversial and well-regarded by people from both sides of the aisle.  Our task is made easier when the President works with members of both parties to nominate consensus nominees who are not outside of the mainstream and whose record demonstrates that they will follow precedent, not try to find a way around it.  Tomorrow's hearing will be our 15th for judicial nominees within the last 9 tumultuous months. That is more hearings on judges than the Republican majority held during any full year. In only 9 months we have confirmed as many court of appeals nominees, seven, as the Republican majority averaged per year while they were in control.  Indeed, in the 76 months in which a Republican majority recently controlled the pace of judicial confirmations only 47 judges were confirmed to the 78 vacancies that existed on our Federal courts of appeals. We have confirmed seven in less than 9 months already. The Republicans went one entire congressional session, 1996, refusing to confirm even a single court of appeals nominee.  We are holding more hearings for more nominees than in the recent past. We have moved away from the anonymous holds that so dominated the process from 1996 through 2000. We have made home State Senators' blue slips public for the first time. We have drastically shortened the average time for confirmation proceedings.  What had grown during Republican control to over 230 days on average is now down to 74 days from receipt of the ABA peer review to confirmation for the 42 judges we have confirmed over the last 9 months.  However, because the Republicans refused to hold hearings on so many of President Clinton's nominees there were an enormous number of vacancies we inherited. Under Democratic leadership, we have tried to fill those vacancies as quickly as possible.  By moving first on the nonideological and well qualified of President Bush's nominees we can fill the most vacancies in the least amount of time. With controversial, less qualifiedjudges we spend much more of time. With consensus, well-qualified nominees we could have confirmed a dozen judges in the same amount of time the committee devoted over the last 5 months to the Pickering nomination.  It is not possible to repair the damage caused by long standing vacancies in several circuits overnight, but we are contributing to improved conditions in the 5th, 10th, and 8th circuits, in particular. We will do our best to remedy as many circumstances as possible.  I understand we have time before the vote. The distinguished ranking member has come to the floor. I yield the floor.  