President, I would like to bring to the Senate's attention an issue that I hope we might continue to work on during the conference on the farm bill. Last year President Bush set a theme that we ``should not leave any child behind.'' While the world has certainly changed in the past year, I believe that one of the reasons we will succeed in the war against terrorism is that we understand the importance of leaving no child behind. It is my hope that as we work through this conference we will keep our children's health as a top priority.  The Food Stamp Act provides assistance to millions of children living in the United States. In 1980, Congress removed Puerto Rico from the food stamp program as a budget-cutting initiative and established in its place the Nutrition Assistance Program, a block grant for Puerto Rico to provide a modified Food Stamp Program. The Nutrition Assistance Program in Puerto Rico known as NAP, provides support to over 400,000 children.  Over the past year, Puerto Rico's Governor Sila Calderon and her administration have moved aggressively and voluntarily to complete implementation of an Electronic Benefits System for the nutrition program. The Commonwealth thus joins the 50 States as they modernize their food stamp distribution services to ensure authorized purchases by the individuals for whom the benefits were intended. They have worked effectively with the USDA's Food and Nutrition Service to strengthen the administration of the program to ensure that limited dollars are stretched to the maximum.  However, as of 2000, the annual purchasing power of NAP was $147 million less than when it was enacted 22 years ago, compared to the cost of household food on the mainland. If you use the index measuring the increased cost of food in Puerto Rico, you find that the purchasing power of the program has fallen by almost $1 billion.  The loss of purchasing power has real effects on real children. If you look at the NAP and compare it to the Federal Food Stamp Program, you find that the program, 1, does not provide similar benefits; and 2, the budget limitations have excluded many low-income children in Puerto Rico from participation in the program.  For example, the Food Stamp Program's monthly income limitation is $1,531 for a family of three on the mainland and in the Virgin Islands, but the NAP program must limit participation in the program to families of three whose income is $558. This amount equals about 47% of the Federal poverty level, while participation in the Federal Food Stamp Program is extended to those whose incomes are less than 150% of the Federal poverty level.  The NAP maximum benefit level for the family of three is $268 as compared to $341 for food stamps on the mainland and $431 on the Virgin Islands. this problem becomes even more egregious when the cost of purchasing essential food items is compared between Puerto Rico and the mainland. For example, a gallon of milk in San Juan costs $3.89 compared to $2.87 in Washington, D.C.  When Congress established the Nutritional Assistance Program it was our intent to reduce cost and permit the Commonwealth flexibility in providing nutrition support. We certainly did not intend to create a gap such as the one that now exists between these two programs.  Puerto Rico's children are U.S. citizens who deserve a greater opportunity for nutritional support. These young men and women will serve in the U.S. military, they will pay Social Security, Medicare and unemployment taxes, and they are expected to compete in the U.S. labor market. I believe that we need to ensure that children who are U.S. citizens and live in Puerto Rico are not left behind when it comes to nutrition.  I look forward to working with the distinguished chairman; the distinguished ranking member Senator Lugar; and the other conferees to examine alternatives for providing resources to the Nutrition Assistance Program so that there is some narrowing of the gap between the Federal Food Stamp Program and the Nutrition Assistance Program.  Again, I thank the chairman for his excellent work on this issue, and I look forward to working with him to advance this cause.  