 Yesterday marked the first anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks on the United States. Americans, very appropriately, honored the memory of the brave men and women who died in that terrible time. Our thoughts were and are with those who perished that day, the loved ones they left behind, and the heroes who acted with fearlessness, bravery and hope.  The world has changed during the last year, but, fortunately, the principles on which this country was founded have not changed. I want to especially commend Chief Judge William Sessions of the U.S. District Court for the District of Vermont for proceeding with an immigration and naturalization ceremony in Vermont yesterday. What a wonderful gesture, granting citizenship to a new group of Americans and reminding us that we are a nation of immigrants and that our borders are open to immigrants who come to America seeking freedom, opportunity and a better life for their children. Whether our relatives came here for religious or political freedom in the 17th or 18th centuries, or to escape famine and persecution in the 19th and 20th centuries, many of us are descendants of those immigrants. Senator Kennedy reminded us all earlier this year that immigrants are not the problem, terrorists are the problem. When the President appeared last night on Ellis Island, framed against the backdrop of the Statue of Liberty, that setting likewise reminds us that we are a nation of immigrants. Let this country, and what it stands for, always be a beacon of hope and freedom for the oppressed and downtrodden.  I am glad to see the President before the U.N. today. When our President speaks before the United Nations, we should not be looking at it as Democrats or Republicans, but as Americans. We want him, in his representation of our Nation and as our chief spokesperson on foreign policy, to be successful, and I wish him that success. I also appreciate his invitation to be there for the speech. Of course, our Senate votes will keep me here.  The Judiciary Committee continues working hard to make progress on judicial nominations and on legislation to respond to the new challenges that face our great nation. The Senate met on September 12 last year, and the Judiciary Committee held a business meeting on September 13. I kept the agenda that day to consensus items and bipartisan legislation. I felt strongly that we did not need partisan bickering but that we needed to come together and show that we can unite and that there is much that unites us all. We were able to report the first United States Attorneys nominated by President Bush. We worked on our bill to authorize the activities of the Department of Justice, a bipartisan drug use prevention, treatment and rehabilitation bill and the bipartisan Drug Competition Act.  That same afternoon we held a confirmation hearing for judicial nominations, including a judicial nominee from Mississippi. Just as we continued to meet and work in the immediate aftermath of the attacks on September 11, we also proceeded with hearings through and in the immediate aftermath of the receipt of the anthrax letters sent to Majority Leader Daschle and to me.  We worked hard to improve what became the USA PATRIOT Act with bipartisan support in the weeks that followed in September and into late October. In addition to our work on this landmark legislation, as well as continued oversight of the Justice Department, the FBI and the INS, we continued to hold judicial nominations hearings to help fill vacancies in our Federal courts with fair-minded judges.  We have now reported 80 judicial nominees out of committee. With today's confirmation of Judge Corrigan for the Middle District of Florida, we will confirm our 75th judicial nomination from President George W. Bush. We have confirmed more of President Bush's nominees in less than 15 months--75--than were confirmed in the last 30 months that a Republican majority controlled the Senate and the pace of judicial confirmations--73. We have also now confirmed more of President George W. Bush's judicial nominations since July, 2001--75--than were confirmed in all of 1989 and 1990, the first 2 years of the term of his father President George H.W. Bush--73.  As I have noted through the year, we could have accomplished even more with a modicum of cooperation from the White House. I regret that the administration and some Senate Republicans have been unwilling to acknowledge what we have accomplished in this regard but have, instead, chosen a strident posture and rejected our efforts toward bipartisan cooperation. The administration has chosen division rather than consensus with respect to its selection of Federal judges, which is unfortunate and unnecessary. The White House has insisted on sending forth a number of nominees who are divisive. Their records evidence judicial activism to reach ultra-conservative outcomes. Thus, in addition to reporting favorably 80 judicial nominees since the change in majority, the Judiciary Committee has, after a hearing and careful consideration, voted against reporting two nominations.  I regret that with respect to the important matter of our independent Federal judiciary, a matter that affects all Americans, the White House has chosen the path of partisanship. I regret that some in the White House and among Republicans would rather raise campaign funds and stir up their most extreme supporters than fill judicial vacancies quickly with consensus nominees.  Senate Republicans are running away from their own record. It is revealing that they refuse to make a fair comparison to the actual results during their most recent period of Senate control, which shows starkly how far we have come. Had they, in the 6\1/2\ years they were in the Senate majority, acted as fairly and as quickly on President Clinton and President Bush's judicial nominees as we have, we would have far fewer vacancies.  The truth is that we have done about twice as much as they. With today's vote, the Democratic-led Senate will confirm its 75th judge--exceeding thenumber of circuit and district court nominees the Republican Senate majority was willing to confirm in the last 30 months of their control of the process. Democrats have done more than Republicans did in less than half the time. Likewise, in less than 15 months of Democratic control of the committee, we have held more hearings, for more nominees, and voted on more nominees in committee, and the Senate has confirmed more nominees, than the Republicans did in their first 15 months of control of the committee in 1995 and 1996.  That today the Senate will confirm the 75th judge since July, 2001, is indication both of what we have been able to accomplish and what could be accomplished with some cooperation from the White House and Senate Republicans. I have noted how simple procedural accommodations that I suggested would have already resulted in another 10 to 15 fewer vacancies and more confirmations.  Unfortunately, my efforts to increase cooperation with the White House have been rebuffed. We continue to get the least cooperation from any White House I can recall during my 26 years in the Senate. This is not the way to get judges through the Senate. Rather, with cooperation, with work, with something more than just words, nominees get through.  A New York Times editorial this week, on September 10, noted: ``We must fight the enemies of freedom abroad without yielding to those at home.'' We know that the terrorists are our enemy; they attacked all of us last September 11 and in the attacks that preceded it on U.S. embassies and the USS Cole and the 1993 World Trade Center attack. Republicans are wrong to try to make Democrats or the Judiciary Committee the enemy. We all want to ensure an independent and impartial Federal judiciary as a protector of our freedoms. Thus, ends-oriented, ideologically driven nominees selected to push the circuit courts and the law in a rightward direction are going to be scrutinized and may well be rejected.  I hope that, as we did in the days immediately following September 11, 2001 last year, we can come together and demonstrate unity. Since last July, we have greatly reformed the confirmation process and brought it out of the shadows and into the light of day. We now hold hearings, debate nominations, cast our votes, and abide by those votes. That was not the committee practice in the recent past, when secret holds and anonymous objections stalled scores of nominees by President Clinton. We have returned to the Democratic tradition of regularly holding hearings, every few weeks, rather than going for months without a single hearing. In fact, we have already held 23 judicial nominations hearings, including one the week of September 11, 2001, and others during the period in which committee offices and hearing rooms were closed because of the anthrax letters.  Yesterday I noticed our 24th hearing to be held next week. I intend to call Professor Michael McConnell of Utah as a nominee at that hearing. Despite the fact that the committee has already acted upon and the Senate has already confirmed Judge Harris Hartz last December and Judge Terrence O'Brien this April to the 10th Circuit, the first new 10th Circuit judges in 7 years, I will proceed with a third hearing on a 10th Circuit nominee at the request of Senator Hatch. The other circuit court for which we have held hearings on three nominees has been the 5th Circuit. There, we proceeded with nominees at the request of Senator Lott and Senator Hutchison.  In addition, at the nominations hearing next week we will hear from District Court nominees from California, Delaware, New Jersey, Tennessee, and Texas. By proceeding next week we are able to proceed with a full complement of District Court nominees. That leaves only one District Court nominee with the support of home-State Senators and an ABA peer review who has not yet been scheduled for a hearing.  Today's vote is on the nomination of Judge Corrigan to the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida. Judge Corrigan has an extensive career, serving as a general litigator in private practice for over 14 years and as a U.S. Magistrate Judge for the Middle District of Florida since 1996. He received a unanimous ``Well-Qualified'' rating from the ABA and has strong bipartisan support. While so many nominees of President Clinton had that rating but were never given a vote by the Republican majority, Judge Corrigan received a hearing and a vote within days of his file being complete in July.  The confirmation of Judge Corrigan today will bring additional resources to the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Florida. Judge Corrigan was nominated to fill a new position Congress created by statute in 1999 to address the large caseload facing the federal courts in Florida. He makes the second Florida district court nominee that we will have confirmed in one week. I congratulate Judge Corrigan and his family.  During the Clinton administration, we all worked very hard in cooperation with Senators Graham and Mack to ensure that the Federal courts in Florida had its vacancies filled promptly with consensus nominees and had the judicial resources it needed to handle its caseload. Due to bipartisan cooperation among the Senators and with the White House, during the Clinton administration, the Senate was able to confirm 22 judicial nominees from Florida, including 3 nominees to the 11th Circuit. It is most unfortunate that such tradition of cooperation, coordination and consultation has not been continued by the current administration.  My recollection is that the only Florida nomination that generated any controversy or opposition was that of Judge Rosemary Barkett of the Florida Supreme Court to the 11th Circuit. I do recall that Judge Barkett was strongly and vociferously opposed by a number of Republican Senators because of what they viewed as a judicial philosophy with which they did not agree. Those voting against her confirmation include Senators Hatch, Grassley, McConnell, Specter, and Thurmond, all of whom are now on the Judiciary Committee, as well Senators Lott, Nickles, and Hutchison of Texas. Judge Barkett received the highest rating of the ABA, ``Well Qualified,'' and yet 36 Republicans voted against her confirmation, but she was confirmed with bipartisan support, including the support of her home-State Senators. Indeed, there was extended opposition both before the Judiciary Committee and on the Senate floor.  Unfortunately, the cooperation, coordination and consultation that Senator Mack and Senator Graham shared with the Clinton White House do not seem to be the model for the way this White House has chosen to communicate with Senator Graham and Senator Nelson. That is most unfortunate. It is a tribute to Senator Graham and to Senator Nelson that we have made the progress that we have. I know that it has not been easy. They have been more than gracious in their willingness to support these nominees. We urge the White House to work with these Senators to nominate qualified, consensus nominees for the remaining vacancies in the courts.  With today's vote, the Democratic majority in the Senate has demonstrated once again how it is fairly and expeditiously considering President Bush's judicial nominees. We have worked very hard to provide bipartisan support for the White House's nominations in spite of its lack of willingness to work with us in partnership.  