President, I read with interest the statement that Representative Hyde made on July 23, 2002 about the American Servicemembers' Protection Act (ASPA) during House consideration of the conference report on H.R. 4775, the fiscal year 2002 Supplemental Appropriations bill for Further Recovery From and Response to Terrorist Attacks on the United States.  Although neither Mr. Hyde nor his staff were present during the negotiations on ASPA, he suggests that the House readily accepted section 2015, also known as the ``Dodd-Warner amendment'', which was unanimously included in the Senate-passed version of ASPA. I do not think it is necessary to engage in an exhaustive discussion of the legislative history of the Dodd-Warner amendment because it is clear on its face. And, the first rule of legislative interpretation is that one looks to the history only if a provision is ambiguous.  To the extent that the legislative history is relevant, I believe that I can comment on this issue, as I was involved with the drafting of the amendment and was an original co-sponsor. Moreover, I was involved in negotiations over section 2015 during the conference on the Supplemental, and my staff was actively engaged in discussion on this issue throughout.  Contrary to Mr. Hyde's suggestion that the House receded on section 2015 because it is ineffectual, the House understood that the effect of the Dodd-Warner amendment is to qualify provisions of ASPA, including sections 2004, 2006, and 2011, in cases involving foreign nationals. It was for that reason that the House conferees repeatedly and vigorously sought to remove all or part of it from the conference report.  Those present at the negotiations know that the House agreed to accept the Dodd-Warner amendment only when the Senate agreed to drop its provision related to the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), which House supporters of ASPA strongly opposed.  Mr. Hyde also asserts that section 2015 ``simply reiterates that this legislation does not apply to international efforts besides the International Criminal Court to bring to justice foreign national accused of genocide, war crimes, or crimes against humanity.'' As a former prosecutor and Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I appreciate the creativity of Mr. Hyde's argument. But he is trying to put a square peg into a round hole, and one would have to rewrite the provision to support his interpretation. The flaws in this interpretation are self-evident, if one simply reads the text of section 2015:       Nothing in this title shall prohibit the United States from      rendering assistance to international efforts to bring to      justice Saddam Hussein, Slobodan Milosovic, Osama bin Laden,      other members of Al Qaeda, leaders of Islamic Jihad, and      other foreign nationals accused of genocide, war crimes or      crimes against humanity.  The language of this section is clear, and it is noteworthy that any iteration of the phrase ``besides the International Criminal Court'' does not appear anywhere in the text.  In fact, when Senator Dodd and I were drafting this amendment, I specifically added the phrase ``and other foreign nationals accused of genocide, war crimes or crimes against humanity'' to ensure that this section would apply to the International Criminal Court (ICC). The ICC currently has jurisdiction over these three crimes.  As I mentioned earlier, the importance of this phrase was not lost on the House, and opponents of the Dodd-Warner amendment tried repeatedly to nullify or remove it. It was even reported to me that, at the eleventh hour, House staff members sought, unsuccessfully, to insert the word ``other'' before the phrase ``international efforts to bring to justice . . .'', in an attempt to prevent the Dodd-Warner amendment from applying to the ICC and heavily qualifying portions of ASPA.  Another important phrase in section 2015 is: ``Nothing in this title shall prohibit . . .'', which makes unequivocally clear that no provision in ASPA prevents the U.S. from cooperating with the ICC in cases involving foreign nations.  No one disputes the fact that Congress has serious concerns about Americans coming before the ICC, which is the reason that ASPA was passed. During consideration of ASPA, Senator Warner made that point clear:       This amendment would protect U.S. military personnel and      other elected and appointed officials of the U.S. government      against potential criminal prosecution by an international      tribunal court to which the United States is not a party.  However, through the Dodd-Warner amendment, Congress sets a different standard with respect to non-Americans. Congress wanted to be clear that the U.S. can cooperate with international efforts, including those by the ICC, to bring foreign nationals to justice for genocide, war crimes, and crimes against humanity, as Senator Dodd pointed out during the Senate debate:       My amendment merely says that despite whatever else we have      said, when it comes to prosecuting these people, we would      participate and help, even though we are not a signatory or      participant in the International Criminal Court.  This is precisely why the Senate unanimously accepted the Dodd amendment and why the lead sponsor of ASPA, Senator Warner, joined as co-sponsor of the amendment.  I see that Chairman Byrd is here on the floor and I would ask if he agrees with my recollection of events that transpired during the conference negotiations on the Supplemental and my interpretation of the Dodd-Warner amendment.  