I also want to thank Senator Durbin for having chaired the hearing in December that laid the groundwork for the confirmation of Judge Martinez and four other federal judges.  At the Committee meeting at which we considered the nomination of Judge Martinez, I inserted in the Record a letter I had recently received from Congressman Silvestre Reyes of Texas strongly endorsing him. Congressman Reyes noted that the court to which Judge Martinez is nominated is facing a criminal caseload of over 2,000 cases with a single active judge in the El Paso region personally trying to manage over 1,100 criminal cases. I say to Congressman Reyes and Judge Briones, help should be on the way very soon in the person of Judge Martinez.  It was not so long ago, when the Senate was under Republican control, that it took 943 days to confirm Judge Hilda Tagle to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas. She was first nominated in August 1995, but not confirmed untilMarch 1998. When the final vote came, she was confirmed by unanimous consent and without a single negative vote, after having been stalled for almost three years.  I recall that the nomination of Michael Schattman to a vacancy on the Northern District of Texas never got a hearing and was never acted upon, while his nomination languished for over two years. I recall just two years ago when Ricardo Morado, who had served as Mayor of San Benito, Texas, and was nominated for a vacancy in the Southern District of Texas, never got a hearing and was never acted upon.  These are district court nominations that could have helped solve problems in the trial courts if acted upon by the Senate over the last several years. In addition to these nominees, the Republican-led Senate failed to provide a hearing and failed to take action on the nominations of Jorge Rangel and Enrique Moreno to the same emergency vacancy on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals over the last four years.  In contrast, we are moving expeditiously to consider and confirm Judge Martinez, who was nominated in October, received his ABA peer review in November, participated in a hearing in early December, was reported by the Committee on December 13 and is today being confirmed. In addition, Randy Crane, a nominee to a vacancy on the Southern District of Texas District Court will be having a confirmation hearing in the near future.  Just as we have worked hard since July and paid attention to the needs of the district courts in Montana, Kentucky, Kansas and Alabama, whose Chief Judges wrote asking for prompt attention to serious problems, we are responding to the needs of our courts throughout the country.  The first two confirmations to the district courts last summer were Judge Cebull and Judge Haddon to the District Court in Montana. The Chief Judge of that court had written to us asking for our immediate attention and help because he had no active associate judge in that district. We responded. Working with Senator Baucus and Senator Burns, a Democrat and a Republican, the two nominees were included in our very first hearing, which held the day after Committee members were assigned. They were both confirmed the following week, on July 20, 2001.  Similarly, we heard from the Chief Judge of the District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky. We responded by holding hearings for three judicial nominees to vacancies in that Court and proceeded to confirm two so quickly that they had to delay being sworn in to wind down their legal practices.  Likewise, when we heard from the Chief Judge of the District Court for Kansas, we responded. We moved expeditiously to hold a hearing, report and confirm Judge Robinson to alleviate the emergency situation that the Chief Judge indicated existed in Topeka.  Yesterday, as the Senate confirmed the second district court judge for courts in Alabama since November, we learned from Senator Sessions that the Chief Judge of the Southern District of Alabama had written to him to urge action in filling the vacancy in that court and noted that he was the only active judge left.  Similarly, today we provide relief to the district courts in Texas.  I congratulate the nominee and his family on his confirmation today.  With today's confirmation, the Senate has confirmed four additional judges since returning late last month. The Senate will have confirmed 32 judges since the change in majority last summer. One-quarter of the judges confirmed have been for judicial emergency vacancies, eight so far. Unfortunately, the White House has yet to work with home State Senators to send nominees for an additional 15 judicial emergency vacancies and 31 federal trial court vacancies.  Of course, I have yet to chair the Judiciary Committee for a full year; it has been barely six months. But the confirmations we have achieved in those six months are already comparable to the year totals for 1997, 1999 and 2000 and almost twice as many as a Republican majority in the Senate allowed to be confirmed in 1996.  The 1996 session was the second year of the last Republican chairmanship. In that 1996 session, only 17 judges were confirmed all year and none were confirmed to the Court of Appeals--none. I expect and intend to work hard on additional judicial nominations through this session and to exceed the total from the 1996 session of only 17 confirmations. In that 1996 session, the fourth judicial confirmation did not occur until April. By contrast, we will have confirmed four additional judges by the middle of the first full week in session this year.  The Judiciary Committee held its first hearing of the session on our second day in session, January 24, for Judge Michael Melloy, a nominee to the 8th Circuit from Iowa, and district court nominees from Arizona, Iowa, Texas, Louisiana and the District of Columbia, a total of six judicial nominations.  I have set another hearing on the nomination of Judge Charles Pickering for the 5th Circuit for this Thursday, February 7, 2002.  I am working to hold another confirmation hearing for judicial nominations, as well, before the end of February, even though it is a short month with a week's recess.  I noted on January 25 in my statement to the Senate that we inherited a frayed process and are working hard to repair the damage of the last several years. I have already laid out a constructive program of suggestions that would help in that effort and help return the confirmation process to one that is a cooperative, bipartisan effort. I have included suggestions for the White House, that it work with Democrats as well as Republicans, that it encourage rather than forestall the use of bipartisan selection commissions, that it consider carefully the views of home State Senators.  This past summer, by the time I became chairman of the Judiciary Committee, federal court vacancies already topped 100 and were rising to 111. Since July, we have worked hard and the Senate has been diligent in considering and confirming 32 judges, thereby beginning the process of lowering the vacancies on our federal courts. Since I became Chairman, 26 additional vacancies have arisen. Still, we have been able to outpace this high level of attrition and lower the vacancies to under 100.  During the last six and one-half years when a Republican majority controlled the process, the vacancies rose from 65 to over 100, an increase of almost 60 percent. By contrast, we are now working to keep these numbers moving in the right directions.  Our Majority Leader, with the help of the Assistant Majority Leader, is clearing the calendar of judicial nominations and the Senate has proceeded to vote on every one of them. This is one of the reforms that signals a return to normalcy for the Senate, which had gotten away from such practices over the past six years. Since the change in majority, judicial nominees have not been held on the calendar for months and months or held over without action or returned to the President without action.  I have observed that to make real progress will take the cooperation of the White House. The most progress can be made most quickly if the White House would begin working with home State Senators to identify fair-minded, nonideological, consensus nominees to fill these court vacancies. One of the reasons that the Committee was able to work as quickly as it has and the Senate has been able to confirm 32 judges in the last few months is because those nominations were strongly supported as consensus nominees.  I have heard of too many situations in too many States involving too many reasonable and moderate home State Senators in which the White House has demonstrated no willingness to work with home State Senators to fill judicial vacancies cooperatively. As we move forward, I urge the White House to show greater inclusiveness and flexibility and to help make this a truly bipartisan enterprise. Logjams exist in a number of settings.  To make real progress, repair the damage that has been done over previous years, and build bridges toward a more cooperative process, there is much that the White House could do to work more cooperatively with all home State Senators, including Democratic Senators.  Of course, more than two-thirds of the federal court vacancies continue to be on the district courts. The Administration has been slow to make nominations to the vacancies on the federal trial courts. In the last five months of last year, the Senate confirmed a higher percentage of the President's trial court nominees, 22 out of 36, than a Republican majority had allowed the Senate to confirm in the first session of either of the last two Congresses with a Democratic President. Last year the President did not make nominations to almost 80 percent of the current trial court vacancies. As we began this session, 55 out of 69 vacancies were without a nominee.  In late January, the White House finally sent nominations for another 24 of those trial court vacancies. After the Committee receives the indication that the nominees have the support of their home State Senators and after the Committee has received ABA peer reviews, these recent nominations will then be eligible to be included in Committee hearings. Because the White House shifted the time at which the ABA does its evaluation of nominees to the post-nomination period, these 24 nominees are unlikely to have completed files ready for evaluation until after the Easter recess. Even then, over two and one-half dozen of the federal trial court vacancies, 31, may still be without eligible nominees.  We have accomplished more, and at a faster pace, than in years past. We have worked harder and faster than previously on judicial nominations, despite the unprecedented difficulties being faced by the nation and the Senate. I am encouraged that this confirmation today was not delayed by extended, unexplained, anonymous holds on the Senate Executive Calendar, the type of hold that characterized so much of the previous six and one-half years. Majority Leader Daschle has moved swiftly on judicial nominees reported to the calendar.  I thank all Senators who have helped in our efforts and assisted in the hard work to review and consider the dozens of judicial nominations we have reported and confirmed. I thank, in particular, the Senators who serve on the Judiciary Committee for their helpful action since this summer. As our action today demonstrates, again, we are moving ahead to fill judicial vacancies with nominees who have strong bipartisan support.  Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  