President, today, the Senate is voting on the 43rd judicial nominee to be confirmed since last July when the Senate Judiciary Committee reorganized after the Senate majority changed. With today's vote on Judge Terrence O'Brien to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit, the Senate will confirm its eighth circuit court judge in little more than 9 months, since I became chairman this past summer.  The Senate is making progress on judicial confirmations. Under Democratic leadership, the Senate has confirmed more judges in the last 9 months than were confirmed in 4 out of 6 full years under Republican leadership. The number of judicial confirmations over these past 9 months--43 exceeds the number confirmed during all 12 months of 2000, 1999, 1997 and 1996.  During the preceding 6\1/2\ years in which a Republican majority most recently controlled the pace of judicial confirmations in the Senate, 248 judges were confirmed.  Some like to talk about the 377 judges confirmed during the Clinton administration, but forget to mention that more than one-third were confirmed during the first 2 years of theClinton administration while the Senate majority was Democratic and Senator Biden chaired the Judiciary Committee. The pace of confirmations under a Republican majority was markedly slower, especially in 1996, 1997, 1999, and 2000.  Thus, during the 6\1/2\ years of Republican control of the Senate, judicial confirmations averaged 38 per year--a pace of consideration and confirmation that we have already exceeded under Democratic leadership over these past 9 months, in spite of all of the challenges facing Congress and the Nation during this period, and all of the obstacles Republicans have placed in our path.  I ask myself how Republicans can justify seeking to hold the Democratic majority in the Senate to a different standard than the one they met themselves during the last 6\1/2\ years. There simply is no answer other than partisanship. This double standard is most apparent when Republicans refuse to compare fairly the progress we are making with the period in which they were in the Senate majority with a President of the other party.  They do not want to talk about that because we have exceeded, in just 9 months, the average number of judges they confirmed per year.  They would rather unfairly compare the work of the Senate on confirmations in the past 9 months to 2 years of work of previous Senates and Presidents. They say it is unfair that the Democratic-led Senate has not yet confirmed as many judges in 9 months as were confirmed in 24-month-periods at other times. I would say it is quite unfair to complain that we have not done 24 months of work on judicial vacancies in the 9 months we have had since the Senate reorganized.  These double standards and different standards are just plain wrong and unfair, but that does not seem to matter to Republican's intent on criticizing and belittling every achievement of the Senate under a Democratic majority.  Republicans have been imposing a double standard on circuit court vacancies as well. The Republican attack is based on the unfounded notion that the Senate has not kept up with attrition on the Courts of Appeals. Well, the Democratic majority in the Senate has more than kept up with attrition and we are seeking to close the vacancies gap on the Courts of Appeals that more than doubled under the Republican majority.  The Republican majority assumed control of judicial confirmation in January 1995 and did not allow the Judiciary Committee to be reorganized after the shift in majority last summer until July 10, 2001. During that period from 1995 through July 2001, vacancies on the Courts of Appeals increased from 16 to 33, more than doubling.  When I became chairman of a committee to which Members were finally assigned on July 10, we began with 33 Court of Appeals vacancies. That is what I inherited. Since the shift in majority last summer, five additional vacancies have arisen on the Courts of Appeals around the country. Prior to today's vote on Judge O'Brien, the 7 circuit judges confirmed had reduced the number of circuit vacancies to 31. With today's confirmation, there will be 30 vacancies.  Rather than the 38 vacancies that would exist if we were making no progress, as some have asserted, there are now 30 vacancies, that is more than keeping up with the attrition on the circuit courts. Since our Republican critics are so fond of using percentages, I will say that we will have now reduced the vacancies on the Courts of Appeals by almost 10 percent in the last 9 months.  While the Republicans' Senate majority increased vacancies on the Courts of Appeals by over 100 percent, it has taken the Democratic majority 9 months to reverse that trend, keep up with extraordinary turnover and, in addition, reduce circuit court vacancies by almost 10 percent.  Alternatively, Republicans should note that since the shift in majority away from them, the Senate has filled more than 20 percent of the vacancies on the Courts of Appeals in a little over 9 months. This is progress.  Rather than having the circuit court vacancy numbers skyrocketing, as they did overall during the prior 6\1/2\ years more than doubling from 16 to 33--the Democratic-led Senate has reversed that trend and the vacancy rate is moving in the right direction, down.  It is not possible to repair the damage caused by longstanding vacancies in several circuits overnight, but we are improving the conditions in the 5th, 10th and 8th Circuit, in particular. Judge O'Brien will be the second judge confirmed to the 10th Circuit in the last 4 months.  With today's vote on Judge O'Brien, in a little more than 9 months since the change in majority, the Senate has confirmed eight judges to the Courts of Appeals and held hearings on three others. In contrast, the Republican-controlled majority averaged only seven confirmations to the Courts of Appeal per year. Seven.  In the last 9 months, the Senate has now confirmed as many Court of Appeals judges as were confirmed in all of 2000 and more than were confirmed in all of 1997 or 1999. It is eight more than the zero confirmed in all of 1996.  We have confirmed eight circuit court judges and there are almost 3 months left until the 1-year anniversary of the reorganization of the Senate and the Judiciary Committee and we have already exceeded the annual number of Court of Appeals judges confirmed by our predecessors.  Overall, in little more than 9 months, the Senate Judiciary Committee has held 16 hearings involving 55 judicial nominations. That is more hearings on judges than the Republican majority held in any year of its control of the Senate. In contrast, one-sixth of President Clinton's judicial nominees--more than 50--never got a committee hearing and committee vote from the Republican majority, which perpetuated longstanding vacancies into this year.  Vacancies continue to exist on the Courts of Appeals in part because a Republican majority was not willing to hold hearings or vote on more than half--56 percent--of President Clinton's Court of Appeals nominees in 1999 and 2000 and was not willing to confirm a single judge to the Courts of Appeals during the entire 1996 session.  Despite the newfound concern from across the aisle about the number of vacancies on the circuit courts, no nominations hearings were held while the Republicans controlled the Senate in the 107th Congress last year. No judges were confirmed during that time from among the many qualified circuit court nominees received by the Senate on January 3, 2001, or from among the nominations received by the Senate on May 9, 2001.  The Democratic leadership acted promptly to address the number of circuit and district vacancies that had been allowed to grow when the Senate was in Republican control. The Judiciary Committee noticed the first hearing on judicial nominations within 10 minutes of the reorganization of the Senate and held that hearing on the day after the committee was assigned new members.  That initial hearing included a Court of Appeals nominee on whom the Republican majority had refused to hold a hearing the year before. We held unprecedented hearings for judicial nominees during the August recess. Those hearings included a Court of Appeals nominee who had been a Republican staff member of the Senate. We proceeded with a hearing the day after the first anthrax letter arrived at the Senate. That hearing included a Court of Appeals nominee.  In a little more than 9 tumultuous months, the Senate Judiciary Committee has held 16 hearings involving 55 judicial nominations including 11 circuit court nominees and we are hoping to hold another hearing soon for half a dozen more nominees, including another Court of Appeals nominee. That is more hearings on judges than the Republican majority held in any year of its control of the Senate. The Republican majority never held 16 judicial confirmation hearings in 12 months.  The Senate Judiciary Committee is holding regular hearings on judicial nominees and giving nominees a vote in committee, in contrast to the practice of anonymous holds and other obstructionist tactics employed by some during the period of Republican control. The Democratic majority has reformed the process and practices used in the past to deny committee consideration of judicial nominees.  We have moved away from the anonymous holds that so dominated theprocess from 1996 through 2000. We have made home state Senators' blue slips public for the first time.  I do not mean by my comments to appear critical of Senator Hatch. Many times during the 6\1/2\ years he chaired the Judiciary Committee, I observed that, were the matter left up to us, we would have made more progress on more judicial nominees.  I thanked him during those years for his efforts. I know that he would have liked to have been able to do more and not have to leave so many vacancies and so many nominees without action.  I hope and intend to continue to hold hearings and make progress on judicial nominees in order to further the administration of justice. In our efforts to address the number of vacancies on the circuit and district courts we inherited from the Republicans, the committee has focused on consensus nominees for all Senators. In order to respond to what Vice President Cheney and Senator Hatch now call a vacancy crisis, the committee has focused on consensus nominees.  This will help end the crisis caused by Republican delay and obstruction by confirming as many of the President's judicial nominees as quickly as possible.  Most Senators understand that the more controversial nominees require greater review. This process of careful review is part of our democratic process.  It is a critical part of the checks and balances of our system of government that does not give the power to make lifetime appointments to one person alone to remake the courts along narrow ideological lines, to pack the courts with judges whose views are outside of the mainstream of legal thought, whose decisions would further divide our Nation.  The committee continues to try to accommodate Senators from both sides of the aisle. The Court of Appeals nominees included at hearings so far this year have been at the request of Senators Grassley, Lott, Specter, Enzi and Smith of New Hampshire five Republican Senators who each sought a prompt hearing on a Court of Appeals nominee who was not among those initially sent to the Senate in May, 2001.  In contrast to past practices, we are moving expeditiously to consider and confirm Judge O'Brien, who was nominated in September, 2001. The committee did not receive his ABA peer review until the end of October. He participated in a hearing in March, was reported by the committee on April 11th and is today being confirmed.  Judge O'Brien comes to the Senate highly recommended by friends and colleagues. I was pleased to have him participate in a confirmation hearing at the request of Senator Enzi. Judge O'Brien has more than 20 years of experience as a State court judge, has served on his home state's judicial ethics commission, and has a record of community service with organizations such as the United Way and the Rotary Club. I congratulate his family on his confirmation to the Circuit Court.  I am extremely proud of the work this committee has done since the change in the majority. I am proud of the way we have considered nominees fairly and expeditiously and the way we have been able to report to the Senate so many qualified, non-ideological, consensus nominees to the Senate.  