President, I thank the Senator from Minnesota and the Senator from California for their words. I know and respect both the Senator from Minnesota, Senator Dayton, and the Senator from California, Senator Boxer. I know them well enough to know this was a very painful moment for both of them--just as it is for the distinguished Presiding Officer and as it is for the Senator from Vermont.  Mr. President, you and I have been here a long time in the Senate. With the Senator from Minnesota, who is now--not at his choice--the senior Senator from Minnesota, and the Senator from California, I think we can all say that there is no sadder sight than coming on the floor and seeing a black drape on a Senator's desk. The distinguished Presiding Officer and I have unfortunately seen that many times in our careers, for Senators on both sides of the aisle. In every instance when we have entered the chamber and seen the black drape we know that there has been a death in the family.  We are privileged in this body, 100 men and women--now 99 men and women--to represent the greatest nation on Earth, a nation of a quarter of a billion people. But because there are only 100 of us, no matter our political differences, when one is lost we all feel it. When I heard the news in Vermont, I was at a restaurant in Burlington with my son, Kevin. It was a small restaurant. There was a TV going but with no sound. My back was to it. I saw the look of shock on Kevin's face. He spun me around and I saw the news. We both left that restaurant in tears. The news spread quickly and as I walked down the street people--many of them I never met before--just came up and hugged me, because they, too, lost somebody.  Paul Wellstone had come to Vermont and was greeted with great warmth. I vividly remember the evening he came to speak. Everybody came up to him. They didn't want him to leave. Paul Wellstone, like one of his predecessors, my dear friend, Hubert Humphrey, was a happy warrior. If people wanted to talk with him he did not mind and would stay, the same way Hubert would have.  There is an affinity, I believe, between our State of Vermont and Minnesota. That is why there was a bond Vermonters felt with Paul Wellstone. Paul could sense it. And, we worked on many important issues as a team. During the recent farm bill debate he met with Vermont farmers and together we drafted a dairy provision that was beneficial to both of our States. I remember when he and Jim Jeffords and Bernie Sanders and I joined together to have a milk toast. We were joking around. Paul was not a tall man. I playfully stood blocking him from the cameras. And he said: ``Hey, remember, I'm a wrestler,'' at which point I quickly moved aside. Of course Paul was far more than a wrestler--but it is easy to make the correlation to the way he wrestled with issues here on the floor. He wrestled them down. I thought to myself: What a man to have on your side. What a man to be a friend.  Paul Wellstone served with powerful people but he was not intimidated by that. And, he never took on the airs of one who was powerful. He would introduce himself to people: Hi, I'm Paul Wellstone. And someone else would have to say: That's a U.S. Senator.  I never went on an elevator with Paul without him calling the elevator operator by name. He would talk with the pages and give them tutorials. He knew everybody in the Senate and they knew and loved him.  It is impossible to talk about our colleague Paul Wellstone without mentioning Sheila Wellstone. They were inseparable. Whenever the Senate would have a late night session Sheila would be in the galleries, waiting for Paul to leave.  Of all my memories of Paul Wellstone, the one I may remember the most is the last time I saw the two of them. It was a late night session. You know these gorgeous halls we have, with the chandeliers and everything else, and here is this couple walking hand in hand down one of the halls about midnight--Paul and Sheila Wellstone. I came around the corner and I said: ``Hey, you teenagers,'' and they laughed and hugged each other. I saw them go out, down the steps into the night, hand in hand.  Let us hope that they have gone hand and hand into the light and that they are now together.  Marcella and I also extend our thoughts and prayers to Marcia, Paul and Sheila's daughter, and her family. And, as the Senate noted in the resolution that was just passed a few moments ago, we all grieve for the Wellstone staff who were on board the plane: Tom Lapic, Mary McEvoy and Will McLaughlin. Our thoughts and prayer are with their families in these trying times. Our condolences also go out to the families of the pilots on the plane, Richard Conry and Michael Guess.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Boxer). The Senator from Connecticut.  