I appreciate his comments also about last fall after the tragedies of September 11. He and I and our committees worked closely on the terrorism legislation. Realizing it was more than simply having a penalty against terrorism, we had to have the tools against terrorism, and the distinguished senior Senator from Maryland was very helpful in putting together the money-laundering legislation so we could come out with a counterterrorism package on which the Senate could vote for 99-1.  That is what we are trying to do today. I am a proud cosponsor of Senator Sarbanes' legislation before the body. After years of experience in this body, I know how helpful it is if you have bills where the jurisdiction of various aspects may be in different committees. And considering having turf battles, when you work together, as we have in the Banking and Judiciary Committees, and others worked, you usually end up with a better package for the Senate.  The final product becomes better and more complete because of our joint work. Having served here for a quarter of a century with the Senator from Maryland, I know such things can be done.  With the members of his committee, he has had to craft a very complex, worthwhile bill on the issue of how do you account, how do you keep records, of all the various things to come under the SEC, to come under the jurisdiction of his committee.  What I am concerned about, from the Judiciary Committee, is, if you get these people, you get them; that if you have somebody who has gone and spent all their efforts to defraud their own company and the pension holders in their company and the investors in their company, that they not walk off scot-free with their mansions in protected States and their offshore money.  When you look at what has happened, when you look at the out-and-out fraud of some of these executives as they have ruined their own company, actually damaged their own country as well, at the same time lining their pockets as if anybody could even have pockets as huge as the amounts of money they have put in, and they walk away scot-free and they say: This is such a tragedy. I hate to see my company collapse like that and tens of thousands of people out of work and all those pensioners gone and all those States defrauded. And I am just going to have to comfort myself for the rest of my life with my $100 or $200 or $300 million I have absconded with.  Their comfort might be a little bit less if they find that those same pension holders and stockholders have the ability to go after the money they are walking away with, and their comfort might be a little bit less if instead of a very large mansion they are in a 12-by-12 cell behind steel doors. Instead of a complacent board of directors, they may have to be dealing with their fellow inmates who may not take very kindly to them.  Why do we have to have that kind of a tough law, and why do we have to have the statute of limitations? Just take a look at this chart. This is what Enron did. Does this look like a company that wants to be transparent in their dealings? Does this look like a company that wants to be on the up and up? These are their off-the-book transactions, hidden debt, fake profits, inflated stock.  What were some of the companies they were hiding this behind? Here is one named Ponderosa. If you look at that, you do not know it belongs to Enron. Or Jedi Capital or Big Doe--that is not D-O-U-G-H--or Sundance or Little River or Yosemite or OB-1 Holdings or Peregrine or Kenobe. I guess Kenobe is a different company than OB-1. And we have Braveheart and Mojave and Chewco and Condor. It seems the only time they had free between trying to hide the money was going to movies, when you look at some of the secret partnerships they created here, Jedi II, OB-1, Kenobe.  My point is, do you think if anybody stumbled across one of these companies they would think for even 1 minute that it belonged to Enron? Of course not. If you were the person who was to protect the pension rights of the employees, do you think if you found Ospry or Zenith or Egret or Cactus or Big River or Raptor you would think the money that was being tucked away and hidden in there could actually belong to the employees of Enron?  But Kenneth Lay comes up here, sidles up to the table where he is going to be called to testify and says: I wish you could know the whole story, but not from me. I am taking the fifth.  Well, he has that constitutional right. But he doesn't have a constitutional right to steal and defraud, and other people like him don't have the constitutional right to steal and defraud and hide the money.  This isn't a question of whether they walk away with only $100 million instead of $200 million. It is a question of a middle-age couple reaching retirement time and having virtually alltheir retirement save Social Security tied up in a pension fund such as this and seeing it wiped out that day. They are not facing a question of whether they will have $200 million or $100 million. They are going to face the question of whether they can even keep their home, whether they will have the money to visit their grandchildren, or have the money to take care of their medical needs in their old age. That is what we are talking about. Or the people who work so hard, show up for work every single day, help make the fortune for the Ken Lays of the world, but they suddenly find they can't make the mortgage payment, they can't make the car payment, they can't pay for their children's braces. They can't do any of these other things because the big guys have walked off with all the money.  That is why I wrote the legislation I did. I wrote legislation that is going to punish criminals. I wrote legislation that will preserve the evidence of fraud and protect victims.  As one who has prosecuted people, I know nothing focuses their attention more than knowing they will not go to jail. Suddenly that overlooked ethics course when they were getting their MBA, or that overlooked ethics course in the accounting school or law school, they are going to start looking at it again. If they think, because they can walk away from this, they will go to jail, they are going to go to jail. It is not going to be a complacent board of directors they will deal with. It will be a criminal in the cell next door. That is what they have to worry about.  These people deserve to go to jail. They have ruined the lives of thousands of people, good people, hard-working people, honest people. They have destroyed much of the confidence in Wall Street. They have destroyed the confidence in people who should be investing.  I am proud to be an American and proud to be in a country such as ours where you can invest, where people can grow companies, where they can make money if they do the right thing. But I am not proud of these kinds of people who destroy that sort of American dream.  The President says he is outraged. I suspect he is. But I am also outraged. I would hope the President's outrage will go to the point of supporting this kind of legislation, this kind of legislation which doesn't just say it is wrong for you to do that, but if you do it, you are going to go to jail. Those iron bars are going to close.  We have worked hard on this legislation. That is why I compliment the distinguished senior Senator from Maryland. He and the members of his committee worked very hard. The people of my staff, including Ed Pagano, Steve Dettelbach, Jessica Berry, and Bruce Cohen worked so hard. They brought in people from across the political spectrum, Republicans and Democrats alike, to join us. I think all of those who joined it joined in one basic thing. They set aside their philosophical or partisan differences. They set aside their feelings of party and said they were overwhelmed with feelings of outrage.  Even in my own little State of Vermont, pension funds were damaged because of the excesses of Enron. And then we see WorldCom and Tyco and Xerox, and we say we had better look back 5 years.  That is not the American way. That is the way of some of the most arrogant, self-centered, spoiled criminals. That is what they are; they are criminals. They cooked the books in California during an energy crisis, so millions of people in California paid more for their electricity. Their arrogance was such that they did not care because all of those offshore corporations were hiding the money. Lord knows how much money is still there. You are not going to find out from these executives because they will take the fifth. They have the constitutional right to do that, and I will defend that right, as I will the rights of everybody else. But let us not shed tears for them. Just as Democrats and Republicans will join in voting for this, I call on the President and the Attorney General to step forward and say they support it. And I call on our Justice Department to go forward and find some of these people not just to say maybe we will find a corporation guilty of a crime; let's send some of these people to jail for what they have done. Let's send them to jail, and let's do everything we can to let the people defrauded by them recover some of their ill-gotten gains.  I see the Senator from Michigan has taken over the chair. Madam President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  