President, with today's confirmation of Mr. Christopher Conner to the District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania, the Democratic-led Senate will have confirmed a total of 60 judicial nominees since the change in Senate majority a little over one year ago and 49 district court nominees.  Today's nominee has not proven to be very controversial and the Senate has acted quickly on this nomination.  Mr. Conner was nominated in March of this year to a relatively recent vacancy and received a hearing in May, shortly after his paperwork was completed.  With today's confirmation, the Judiciary Committee will have held hearings for a total of 10 District Court nominees from Pennsylvania, including Judge Davis, Judge Baylson and Judge Rufe, who were confirmed in April. Those confirmations illustrate the progress being made under Democratic leadership and the fair and expeditious way this President's nominees are being treated.  With today's confirmation, we will have confirmed four nominees to the District Courts in Pennsylvania. I think that the Senate Judiciary Committee and the Senate as a whole have done well by Pennsylvania, despite some of the obstructionist practices during Republican control of the Senate, particularly regarding nominees in the Western half of the State.  Nominees from Philadelphia were not immune from Republican obstructionist tactics, despite the best efforts and diligence of my good friend from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, to secure confirmation of all of the judicial nominees from all parts of his home State, without regard to which party controlled the White House.  For example, Judge Legrome Davis was first nominated to the position of U.S. District Court Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania by President Clinton on July 30, 1998. The Republican-controlled Senate took no action on his nomination and it was returned to the President at the end of 1998. On January 26, 1999, President Clinton renominated Judge Davis for the same vacancy. The Senate again failed to hold a hearing for Judge Davis and his nomination was returned after two more years.  Under Republican leadership, Judge Davis' nomination languished before the Committee for 868 days without a hearing.  Unfortunately, Judge Davis was subjected to the kind of inappropriate partisan rancor that befell so many other nominees to the district courts in Pennsylvania and to the Third Circuit during the Republican control of the Senate. I want to note emphatically, however, that I know personally that the senior Senator from Pennsylvania, strongly supported Judge Davis's nomination and worked hard to get him a hearing and a vote.  The lack of Senate action on Judge Davis's initial nominations are in no way attributable to a lack of support from the senior Senator from Pennsylvania. Far from it.  In fact, I give Senator Specter full credit for getting President Bush to renominate Judge Davis earlier this year and commended him publicly for all he has done to support this nomination from the outset.  This year we moved expeditiously to consider Judge Davis, and he was confirmed within a few months of his renomination by President Bush. The saga of Judge Davis recalls for us so many nominees from the period of January 1995 through July 10, 2001, who never received a hearing or a vote and who were the subject of secret anonymous holds by Republicans for reasons that were never explained.  At Judge Davis' recent confirmation hearing Senator Santorum testified that Judge Davis did not get a hearing because local Democrats objected. I was the ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Committee during those years and never heard that before. My understanding at the time, from July 1998 until the end of 2000, was that Judge Legrome Davis would have had the support of Senator Specter as well as every Democrat on the Judiciary Committee and in the Senate. Despite that bipartisan support, he was not included by the then-Chairman of the Committee in the May 2000 hearing for a few other Pennsylvania nominees.  In contrast, the hearing we had earlier this year for Ms. Conti was the very first hearing on a nominee to the Western District of Pennsylvania since 1994, in almost a decade, despite qualified nominees of President Clinton. No nominee to the Western District of Pennsylvania received a hearing during the entire period that Republicans controlled the Senate in the Clinton Administration. One of the nominees to the Western District, Lynette Norton, waited for almost 1,000 days, and she was never given the courtesy of a hearing or a vote. Unfortunately, Ms. Norton died earlier this year, having never fulfilled her dream of serving on the Federal bench.  Large numbers of vacancies continue to exist, in large measure because the recent Republican majority was not willing to hold hearings or vote on more than 50 of President Clinton's judicial nominees, many of whom waited for years and never received a vote on their nomination. It is the Democrats, not the Republicans, who have broken with that history of inaction from the Republican era of control, delay and obstruction.  With today's confirmations of Mr. Conner to the Federal district courts in Pennsylvania, the Senate will have confirmed 49 district court nominees, meaning that more than 8 percent of the district court nominees confirmed so far are from Pennsylvania.  