President, with last week's votes, the number of Federal judges confirmed since the change in Senate majority 10 months ago now totals 56. Under Democratic leadership, the Senate has confirmed more judges in 10 months than were confirmed by the Republican-controlled Senate in the 1996 and 1997 sessions combined.  Today's vote is on the nomination of Paul Cassell to the United States District Court for the District of Utah. After a great deal of thought, I will not be voting for this nominee today. Although this nomination is supported by my good friend from Utah, Senator Hatch, we disagree on his suitability to serve as a Federal judge. Senator Hatch has been an admirable and stalwart advocate for this nomination, and I certainly mean him no disrespect in voting against Professor Cassell.  The constitutional responsibility to advise and consent to the President's selection of lifetime tenured judicial nominees should not be devalued to advise and rubber stamp. When the President sends us a nominee whose qualifications, judgment or background raise concerns or who has a misunderstanding of the appropriate role of a Federal judge, I intend to make my concerns known. This is one of those times. The nomination of Professor Paul Cassell raises several areas of serious concern to me.  I think it is important to note that we have not engaged in a game of tit for tat for past Republican practices, nor have we delayed proceedings on this nomination, as so many nominations were delayed in past years of Republican control of the Senate. Instead, the Committee has seriously considered the nomination and worked hard to complete the Committee's record of information about this nominee. We have given the nominee an opportunity to be heard, promptly scheduled a Committee vote, and reported this nomination to the floor, although not unanimously. This is far more fairness, courtesy and orderly process than was provided so many nominees during prior years. Professor Cassell, in his nomination to the District Court, has been given a fair hearing and a fair process before the Committee and the Senate.  I am proud of the work the Judiciary Committee has done since the change in the majority. I am proud of the way we have considered nominees fairly and expeditiously and the way we have been able to report to the Senate so many qualified, nonideological, consensus nominees. We also have held hearings for a number of controversial nominees, such as Professor Cassell. Controversial nominations take more time and effort, but we are making that effort and taking that time to be fair and thorough in our consideration of those nominations, as well. One measure of our fairness is the fact that we are proceeding even on controversial nominations such as this one.  After thoroughly considering the record of this nominee, chosen for lifetime appointment by President Bush, I find that I cannot in good conscience vote in favor of Professor Cassell's confirmation. I have voted in favor of 56 other Bush judicial nominees, many of whom had been involved in partisan politics or ideological groups. I also voted in favor of the last person confirmed to the District Court in Utah, Judge Ted Stewart, a controversial nominee, and I did so even in the immediate aftermath of the Republicans' unprecedented party-line vote against Justice Ronnie White of Missouri, because I made a commitment to Senator Hatch.  At Senator Hatch's request, the Senate Judiciary Committee gave Professor Cassell a hearing on his nomination in March and the Committee voted on his nomination in the beginning of May. That is fairer treatment than more than 50 of President Clinton's judicial nominees ever got, those who never got a hearing and never got a vote by the Committee when the Republicans were in charge. Many others waited for months or years for a vote on their nominations. Our Judiciary Committee, however, accorded Professor Cassell a hearing although his nomination is quite controversial and even though he received a partial ``not qualified'' rating from the ABA.  Professor Cassell is a highly intelligent man, with an admirable passion for teaching and advocacy. But his written work, the record established at our hearing, and the answers he submitted to written questions raise grave doubts about his intellectual forthrightness and his capacity and willingness to put aside the extreme views he has long held. A judge who lacks the open-minded ability to hear both sides of a case cannot be depended on to administer justice impartially. I am concerned that he will be unable to set aside his personal views and that he has, in his work on legal issues, shown a strong tendency already to be motivated by the outcomes he seeks rather than by the facts.  In 1992, Professor Cassell launched what became an 8-year campaign against Miranda v. Arizona, the Supreme Court's landmark ruling that police must provide certain warnings before questioning a suspect in custody. As part of this campaign, he generated a series of statistical studies to try to show that Miranda harms law enforcement.  At the same time, he filed briefs in Miranda-related cases around the country seeking to convince courts to uphold a 1968 law--18 U.S.C. section 3501--that purported to overrule Miranda and make ``voluntariness'' the sole test for the admissibility of confessions in Federal criminal cases.  Let me emphasize at the outset that I do not fault Professor Cassell for holding opinions with which I may disagree, or for the zealousness of his advocacy. While most criminal justice experts made their peace with Miranda decades ago, reasonable minds can certainly differ as to the wisdom and practicality of this venerable precedent. What troubles me about the nominee's campaign against Miranda is the manner in which he waged it.  In article after article, Professor Cassell overstated the anti-Miranda position, citing his own flawed empirical studies as evidence that Miranda harms law enforcement.  These one-sided attacks on Miranda drew unusually sharp criticism for their failure to meet standard scholarly norms. Academics who reviewed this nominee's research took him to task for being partisan and ideologically driven while masquerading as an objective scholar. They called his methods unsound, and accused him of manipulating data to reach his preferred result.  Professor Cassell's work on Miranda was not restricted to, or even primarily aimed at, the world of academia. Based on his arguably flawed statistical studies, he made several empirical claims to the Senate Judiciary Committee and to various Federal courts, including the United States Supreme Court. Clearly, this raises the stakes from simple academic discourse. It is one thing to write something in a law review article--you can write whatever you want in a law review article. But it is an entirely different matter to represent something to a congressional committee or to the Supreme Court. A lawyer should have a great deal of confidence in any information that he presents to one of those bodies. At a minimum, it would be unethical for a lawyer to present information that he knew was unreliable. Professor Cassell's use of his own questionable data to try to influence legislators and judges on an issue of profound national importance raises serious questions about his judgment and integrity.  I am also concerned by the partisan spin of Professor Cassell's campaignagainst Miranda. In his congressional testimony and writings, Professor Cassell was sharply critical of the Clinton Justice Department for avoiding litigation regarding the constitutionality of 18 U.S.C. section 3501. Among other things, he actually suggested the Department had deliberately and repeatedly misled the courts with respect to Miranda, and that its defense of Miranda was driven by politics and not by legal analysis. In a 1997 article entitled ``Another Law Janet Reno Doesn't Like,'' Professor Cassell took specific aim at the former Attorney General, accusing her of ``impeding the enforcement'' of a statute, and ``team[ing] up with defense lawyers to let armed felons and other criminals escape prosecution.''  Yet Professor Cassell himself had acknowledged in a 1995 article that prior Republican Administrations had also failed to defend section 3501. Although Republican Attorneys General like John Mitchell and Ed Meese were cognizant of 18 U.S.C. section 3501, Professor Cassell wrote, ``no serious efforts were undertaken . . . to secure any determination of the constitutionality of the law.'' In addition, ``[A] recommendation by the Justice Department's Office of Legal Policy in 1987 that an aggressive effort be made to test the law was never adopted as the result of opposition by other agencies within the Department.''  At the nomination hearing, I asked Professor Cassell to explain his criticism of Attorney General Reno regarding section 3501 in light of his earlier acknowledgment that prior Attorneys General had taken a similar position. At first he distanced himself from his comments regarding Attorneys General Mitchell and Meese by implying that the magazine in which they appeared had somehow misrepresented his words. He then suggested that because the quote appeared in a popular magazine, the National Journal, it should be given less credence than, say, a law review article.  Recall that I am not referring to a situation in which Professor Cassell was quoted out of context. I am referring to an article that Professor Cassell co-wrote with a colleague. That is why his responses to my oral questions in the hearing seemed so slippery. I gave him another chance to explain his comment in answers to written questions. Finally, Professor Cassell grudgingly acknowledged, ``it does not appear that any Administration made aggressive efforts to invoke 3501.'' In sum, Professor Cassell's record of ultra-zealous, partisan advocacy regarding Miranda raises serious questions about his ability to serve as an unbiased decisionmaker.  Another cause to which Professor Cassell has dedicated himself is the defense of the death penalty. Indeed, he has been called ``the academic world's foremost defender of capital punishment.'' At the hearing on his nomination, in response to questions from Senator Durbin, Professor Cassell asserted, ``my experience with the death penalty is rather limited.'' This statement confounds reason.  Relying on the list of publications and presentations that Professor Cassell submitted to this committee, I count the following references to capital punishment, dating back to 1987: three substantial articles; four appearances before committees of the U.S. Congress, and one each before the Utah House and Senate; three submissions to popular publications; and three debates. One of those debates took place just 18 months ago: Professor Cassell squared off against Stephen Bright, one of the nation's preeminent defenders of those accused of capital crimes. These examples do not even include the large number of interviews he has given to the press on the topic. He has written and spoken widely on this fundamental matter, but now terms his experience with it ``limited.''  Despite mounting evidence that our death penalty system is riddled with error and desperately in need of reform, Professor Cassell has doggedly maintained that there is no more accurate sanction in the world than capital punishment as it is practiced in the United States, and that the chance of an innocent being put to death is an ``urban legend.'' He supports this position by asserting that there is no definitive proof that an innocent person has been executed in the past 50 years despite the shameful fact that since 1973, 100 condemned persons have had their convictions vacated by exonerating evidence.  Professor Cassell has been highly critical of studies that show significant rates of error in the imposition of capital punishment.  More than once, he has attacked a study showing errors in capital cases by declaring that the author is an avowed opponent of the death penalty, thereby attempting to undermine the credibility of the study's findings. He has also engaged in vitriolic and occasionally personal attacks against those with whom he disagrees on this issue, often skewing details in his own favor and publishing half-truths. His actions on this matter likewise call into question his ability to rule fairly on this most important legal issue.  Professor Cassell's views on habeas corpus tell a similar story. In April 1993, Professor Cassell testified before the Judiciary Committee in opposition to a bill that would have allowed death row inmates to raise new claims of actual innocence. The bill was a response to the Supreme Court's decision in Herrera v. Collins, which upheld a Texas rule barring courts from considering new evidence of innocence that is uncovered more than 30 days after conviction. In his testimony, Professor Cassell argued that an innocent defendant, ``will be fully aware of the circumstances surrounding his innocence and can present them at trial.'' He further asserted that evidence that becomes available after conviction is, ``almost invariably unreliable.'' It is troubling to imagine a district court judge with such biases, especially given the strong likelihood that he would be called upon to review claims of innocence based on newly discovered evidence.  Professor Cassell has also advocated limiting habeas review of claimed violations of Batson v. Kentucky, which prohibits the exercise of peremptory challenges on the basis of race or gender. In a 1992 law review article, he argued that Batson violations should be treated as harmless error, meaning that a new trial would never be an appropriate remedy for a Batson violation discovered for the first time on appeal. As an alternative remedy, he proposed notifying excluded jurors that had been unfairly excluded from the previous trial and inviting them to join the panel from which jurors are selected in a subsequent case. But such a ``remedy'' would do little to cure the structural flaw in the defendant's trial. Notably, although the Supreme Court has not ruled whether Batson violations are subject to harmless error analysis, the consensus among the Courts of Appeals is that they are not.  I am aware of Professor Cassell's work with regard to crime victims' rights. We still have more work to do to ensure that our criminal justice system is one that respects the rights and dignity of crime victims, rather than one that presents additional ordeals for those already victimized. Professor Cassell helped draft the Utah victims rights amendment in the mid-1990s. He also worked on, and testified in support of, some of the more than 60 versions of a Federal constitutional amendment that has been proposed, in recent Congresses, by Senators Kyl and Feinstein.  It is no secret that, as a longtime advocate of victims' rights, I believe it is preferable to broaden these rights by statute than by amending the Constitution. I do not, however, fault Professor Cassell, or anyone else, for supporting this approach. The treatment of crime victims certainly is of central importance to a civilized society. The question is not whether we should help victims, but how. I continue to believe that crime victims legislation is the preferable course to amending the Constitution.  That being said, Professor Cassell's work on behalf of this cause has occasionally exceeded the bounds of fair advocacy. For example, when testifying before this Committee in support of the proposed constitutional amendment, he has repeatedly cited the Victims Rights Clarification Act of 1997--VRCA--as evidence that statutes are not adequate for protecting crime victims, and that nothing but a constitutional amendment will do. While he has the right to favor an amendment to the constitution, Professor Cassell grossly distorted the impact of the VRCA.  Congress passed the VRCA in response to a pretrial order by the trialjudge in the Timothy McVeigh case--Judge Matsch. The order excluded from the trial any victim who wanted to testify at the sentencing hearing. The VRCA clarified that a court may not prohibit a victim from testifying at a sentencing hearing solely because the victim has witnessed the trial, although a judge may exclude a victim from testifying at a sentencing hearing if the judge found--independent of the fact that the victim witnessed the trial--that the testimony would create unfair prejudice.  One week after President Clinton signed the VRCA, Judge Matsch reversed his pretrial order and permitted victims to watch the trial, even if they were potential penalty phase witnesses. In other words, Judge Matsch did what the statute told him to do. Beth Wilkinson, one of the prosecutors in the case, testified before this Committee that in the end, not one victim was prevented from testifying at the sentencing hearings for McVeigh on the ground that he or she had observed part of the trial. Moreover--and perhaps more importantly--with all issues regarding the VRCA resolved during the McVeigh case, there were no problems implementing the statute during the Terry Nichols case--victims were free to watch the trial and testify at the penalty phase hearing. Ms. Wilkinson characterized the VRCA as a textbook example of how statutes can and do work to protect victims.  When the Judiciary Committee considered the proposed constitutional amendment two years ago, many of us had serious concerns about that approach. We believed it possible to give crime victims strong and enforceable rights, and assure them a greater voice in the criminal justice system, without cutting back on the fundamental rights of defendants. Together with the Justice Department, we pushed for the addition of language that would expressly preserve existing rights of the accused as guaranteed by the Constitution.  Professor Cassell steadfastly opposed the addition of such language, claiming that it, ``would have perpetuated the very problem we were trying to solve.'' This suggests that the ``problem'' as he saw it, was not that the judicial system mistreats victims, but that it is unduly deferential to the rights of defendants.  Professor Cassell now claims that the problem with ``adding specific language about defendant's rights is that it creates . . . the misimpression that victims' rights and defendants' rights actually collide.'' This is a convenient ``spin'' on Professor Cassell's past statements, coming at a time when those remarks have come under scrutiny, and is clearly inconsistent with ``the problem'' he was ``trying to solve'' 2 years ago.  Once again, it raises the question whether Professor Cassell, if confirmed, would exercise judgment fairly and impartially or would do so in a way that would seek to further his own personal views.  I have no doubts about Professor Cassell's intelligence and his passion and commitment to how he thinks the law should read. I am sure that he is a fine professor of law. I suspect he may be an effective advocate. But when viewed as a whole, his career has been one of a results-oriented advocate, who has worked forcefully to push the law to the far right. His one-man war on Miranda, his aggressive defense of our flawed system of capital punishment, and his work on other matters place him outside the mainstream of modern American jurisprudence. Even more troubling is his clear track record of manipulating sources and data to promote his ideological agenda.  I have voted for 56 of the President's judicial nominees so far, and I will surely vote for many, many more, but on the basis of all I have seen in connection with the nomination of Paul Cassell, I cannot and will not vote in favor of this nomination. My judgment is that he is not likely to be the kind of fair and impartial judge that is essential to our Federal courts.  Mr. President, how much time remains for the Senator from Vermont?  