 Mr. President, I appreciate the fact that the majority leader and the assistant majority leader moved to consider additional judicial nominations today. Both Senator Daschle and Senator Reid have been working very diligently to clear these nominations which were put on the Executive Calendar as we went out of session prior to the new year. They have worked very hard to return the Senate's consideration of judicial nominations to a more orderly and open process. I compliment the Senator from South Dakota and the Senator from Nevada for their efforts and thank them for their leadership. Along with our Senate leaders, many Senators have been working to move away from the anonymous holds and inaction on judicial nominations that characterized so much of the period from 1996 through the year 2000. Since the change in majority last summer, we have already made a difference in terms of both the process and its results. The number of vacancies and the number of confirmations have finally begun to move in the right directions.  As we begin this new session, I will take a moment to report where we arein the handling of judicial nominations and to outline the road ahead. The distinguished Presiding Officer knows more of the history of this body than any of the nearly 260 or 270 Senators with whom I have served--I suspect more than a lot of others with whom he has served. I hope he will not feel it presumptuous if I take a few minutes to touch on the history and legacy of the last 6 years as it relates to judicial nominations.  Those last 6 years have left a residue of problems that I think are going to take a continuing effort to purge. We are not going to do it in 1 day or 1 weekend, but it is going to have to be a continuing effort of both parties, Republicans and Democrats, and the White House.  After going through that history, I am going to offer the steps that we in the majority will take in good faith to undo the damage of the last 6 years. Then I am going to call on the White House to help us take similar steps to help move the process forward. I do this both in my capacity as the Senator from Vermont--a position I honor, and I am always thankful to the people of my great and beautiful State for letting me be here--but also carrying the responsibility my caucus has given me by allowing me to be chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee.  One of the lessons I learned early on in this body from the distinguished Presiding Officer is that if you are the chairman of a committee, you have a responsibility to that committee, to your caucus, but also to the Senate, the whole Senate. I respect that.  So let me talk about the Judiciary Committee. In a span of less than 6 months, and in a year that was tumultuous for the Nation and the Senate, the Judiciary Committee, between July and the end of the session in December, held hearings on 34 judicial nominees. We reported 32 and the Senate confirmed 28. As of today, we add 2 more and the Senate has now approved 30 of those judicial nominations.  They are conservative Republicans, but nearly all were unanimously approved by Democrats, Republicans and Independent alike on the Judiciary Committee and by the Senate, in a democratically-controlled Senate.  We reported more judicial nominees after the August recess than in any of the preceding 6 years, and more than in any similar period over the preceding 6\1/2\ years. The Senate Judiciary Committee during the time I have been chairman did not have and has not yet had a year in which to work. Last session we had less than 6 months. Still, in the last 5 months of last year, the Senate confirmed almost twice as many judges as were confirmed in the first year of the earlier Bush administration. We also confirmed more judges, including twice as many judges to the courts of appeals, as in the first year of the Clinton administration. The Senate confirmed the first new member of the Fifth Circuit in 7 years, the first new judge for the Fourth Circuit in 3 years, and the first new judge for the Tenth Circuit in 6 years.  Of course, more than two-thirds of the Federal court vacancies continue to be on the district courts, and the administration has been slow to make nominations to the vacancies in these trial courts. In the last 5 months of last year, the Senate confirmed a higher percentage of the President's district court nominees than a Republican majority had allowed the Senate to confirm in the first session of either of the last two Congresses with a Democratic President.  Last year, the White House did not make nominations to almost 80 percent of the current trial court vacancies. When we came back to session, we began with 55 out of the 69 vacancies without nominees.  Since the change in majority last summer, we have acted in the Senate to build better practices into the confirmation process for Federal judges and to make it more orderly. We made some progress at the end of last year when, after many months, the White House and our Republican colleagues finally agreed to limited steps to update and to simplify the committee questionnaire, which seemed to have grown like Topsy over the years.  And we have opened up the process as never before. For the first time, the Judiciary Committee is making public the blue slips sent to home State Senators. Until last summer these matters were treated as confidential materials. They were restricted from public view.  We have moved nominees with less time from hearings to the committee's business meeting agenda, and then onto the floor, where nominees have received timely rollcall votes and confirmations. Over the preceding 6\1/2\ years, at least eight judicial nominees who completed a confirmation hearing were never considered by the committee and were simply abandoned without any action. Before my chairmanship, there were at least eight judicial nominees who got a hearing but never even got a vote--not a vote on the floor, Mr. President, they never got a vote in committee.  Also, the past practices of extended unexplained anonymous holds on nominees after a hearing were not evident in the second half of last year, as they had been in the recent past.  By the time the Judiciary Committee was reorganized and began its work last summer, the vacancies on the Federal courts were peaking at 111. That is what I faced as the Committee began its work--111 vacancies. Since then, 25 additional vacancies have arisen. Through hard work in the limited time available to us, we were able to outpace this high level of attrition. By contrast, when my friends on the other side of the aisle took charge of the Senate in January 1995, until the majority shifted last summer, judicial vacancies rose from 65 to more than 100, an increase of almost 60 percent.  The Judiciary Committee simultaneously, during those last 5 months of last year, held 16 confirmation hearings for executive branch nominees. We sent to the Senate nominees who were confirmed for 77 senior executive branch posts, including the Director of the FBI, the head of the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Commissioner of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, the Director of the U.S. Marshals Service, the Associate Attorney General, the Director of ONDCP, the Director of the Patent and Trademark Office, 7 assistant attorneys general, and 59 U.S. attorneys.  Senators may recall that soon after the Senate confirmed Judge Roger Gregory as the first new Federal judge nominated by this President last July, the White House counsel said in an interview that he did not expect the Senate to confirm more than five judges before the end of 2001. Just think about that: The White House said last July that they did not expect the Senate to confirm more than five judges before the end of 2001.  Of course, that estimate of 5 was actually an upward revision. Initially some on the other side of the aisle, after the midyear change of majority, had proclaimed that the Democratic majority would not confirm a single judge. The White House, I think, trying to appear more bipartisan, upped the estimate from zero to 5. Of course, we achieved much more than that and confirmed more than 5 times the number of judges that the White House counsel had predicted.  One might have thought from the constant barrage of partisan criticism that 2001 resembled 1996, a year in which a Senate Republican majority confirmed only 17 judges, none of them appellate-level nominees.  The worst fear of some, it has been clear, is that Democrats would treat Republican nominees as poorly as Democratic judicial nominees were treated by a Republican Senate. That is not what has happened. In just 5 months we went on to confirm 28 additional judges, as I have said, more than five times the number the White House predicted we would confirm. Think of that, Mr. President--five times what the White House was telling the American people we would confirm.  The Senate can be proud of its record in the first session of the 107th Congress of beginning to restore steadiness in its handling of judicial nominees. I want to build on that record in the second session of the 107th.  Yesterday the Judiciary Committee held another hearing for judicial nominees. That was the 12th since July. This morning the Senate is confirming the first two judges of this session and the 29th and 30th since the change in majority last summer.  The legacy of strife over the filling of judicial vacancies that we all must work to overcome began in 1996, when months went by without the Republican Senate acting on judicial nominations from a Democratic President. Later that same year, outside groups began forming to raise money on their pledge to block action on judicial nominees and to ``kill'' Clinton nominees.  As the new session opened in 1997, efforts were launched on the Republican side of the aisle to slow the pace of Judiciary Committee and Senate proceedings on judicial nominations and to erect new obstacles for nominees.  The results were soon apparent delaying the process, and they persisted throughout the remainder of President Clinton's administration.  Those times stand in sharp contrast to the last 5 months of last year, in which I noticed a hearing within 10 minutes of becoming chairman of the full committee, chaired unprecedented hearings during the August recess, and held hearings and votes throughout the period after September 11 and during the closure of our offices and hearing rooms after Senator Daschle and I received anthrax filled letters.  I want to emphasize that. During that time, 50 men and women who were nominated and who went through all the vetting, FBI backgrounds, and everything else, never received a hearing and a committee vote, many after waiting for years.  They included Judge James A. Beaty, Jr., Judge James Wynn, and J. Rich Leonard, nominees to longstanding vacancies on the Fourth Circuit; Judge Helene White, Kathleen McCree-Lewis and Professor Kent Markus, nominees to the Sixth Circuit; Allen Snyder and Professor Elana Kagan, nominees to vacancies on the D.C. Circuit; and James Duffy and Barry Goode, nominees to the Ninth Circuit; Bonnie Campbell, the former Attorney General of Iowa and former head of the Violence Against Women Office at the Department of Justice, nominated to the Eighth Circuit; Jorge Rangel, H. Alston Johnson, and Enrique Moreno, each nominated to the Fifth Circuit; Robert Raymar and Robert Cindrich, among the nominees to the Third Circuit; and District Court nominees like Anabelle Rodriguez, John Bingler, Michael Schattman, Lynette Norton, Legrome Davis, Fred Woocher, Patricia Coan, Dolly Gee, David Fineman, Ricardo Morado, David Cercone, and Clarence Sundram.  None of these qualified nominees was given a vote.  Over the course of those years, Senate consideration of nominations was often delayed for not months but years.  It took more than four years of work to get the Senate to vote on the nominations of Judge Richard Paez and Judge William Fletcher; almost three years to confirm Judge Hilda Tagle; more than two years to confirm Judge Susan Mollway, Judge Ann Aiken, Judge Timothy Dyk, Judge Marsha Berzon, and Judge Ronald Gould; almost two years to confirm Judge Margaret McKeown and Judge Margaret Morrow and more than a year to confirm several others during the preceding 6\1/2\ years of Republican control.  During those years, the Republican majority in the Senate went an entire session without confirming even a single judge for the Courts of Appeals.  As few as three appellate nominees were granted hearings and committee votes in an entire session. During that time, the Republican majority averaged eight hearings a year for judicial nominees and had as few as six during one entire session. One session of Congress, the Republican majority allowed only 17 judges to be confirmed all year, and that included not a single judge to any Court of Appeals. All the while, the judicial vacancy rate continued to worsen.  The problems did not end when President Clinton left office. New problems have arisen through unilateral actions taken by the Bush administration in its handling of judicial nominations.  Fifty years ago, President Dwight Eisenhower started a policy of having the American Bar Association do a review of judicial nominees. That practice by President Eisenhower was followed by President Kennedy. It was then followed by President Johnson. It was then followed by President Nixon. It was then followed by President Ford. It was then followed by President Carter. It was then followed by President Reagan. It was then followed by the first President Bush. It was then followed by President Clinton. But when this new White House came in, they decided summarily to end that 50-year practice.  Senators are still going to ask at least to have that ABA background done. It does not mean that peer review is controlling, by any means. What is happening now is that instead of having that ABA peer review done simultaneously with the FBI background check and having the ABA report come to the Senate around the same time as the FBI report, the Administration sends up the nominee, and the Senate has to wait 6 or 8 weeks more to get the ABA vetting. The vetting processes could have done both at the same time and potentially save 2 months in the process.  This unilateral approach in vetting nominees and disregarding the Senate's longstanding practice is similar to another disregarding of the longstanding practice that encouraged consultation with home-State Senators, both Republicans and Democrats. That has needlessly complicated the Senate's handling of several of the nominations.  I realize we are looking back over the first year of a new administration. But I am laying out this history to them because it is a history of the handling of nominees that has worked fairly well for Republicans and Democrats alike since President Eisenhower's time. Maybe we ought to go back to the things that have worked.  In addition, the White House has not responded to our repeated requests to help the Senate work through residual issues caused by the Republican Senate's earlier actions and inactions related to several circuit courts.  We hear about all the vacancies on the circuit courts without mention of the fact that there have been previous qualified nominees for the vacancies on whom the Republican-controlled Senate refused to proceed. That has created problems that have grown and festered over time. They are not going to be remedied immediately, especially in the absence of White House cooperation.  One of the best friends I have in the Senate is Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah. Senator Hatch and I can sit down and work out many of these things. But we cannot do it by ourselves if the White House is uninterested in working with us. They ought to understand that we are able to work out most of our problems. They ought to take advantage of that and work with us.  Let us turn to look at where we go from here. I think we made a good beginning in the first 6 months of Democratic leadership in the Senate. But the way forward is not easy. If we want to have continued progress, it is going to require leadership and cooperation and good will not only within the Senate but by the White House.  These are the steps that the Judiciary Committee will take in good faith. I want to lay this out for my colleagues.  First, we are going to restore steadiness in the hearing process. The committee will hold regular hearings at a pace that will exceed the pace of the last 6 years. Following longstanding committee practice, each hearing typically will involve several nominees--a circuit court nominee and a number of district court nominees.  Since the Senate's reorganization last July, we have convened judicial nominations hearings each and every month. I mention that because, by contrast, in the 72 months that the Republican majority most recently controlled scheduling such hearings, in 30 of those months no hearings were held at all, and in another 34 months only one hearing was held.  Yesterday we held our 12th hearing since July. If we are able to keep pace, we will hold more hearings this session than were held in any of the 6\1/2\ years of Republican control and more than twice as many as were held in some of those years.  Secondly, we will include hearings for a number of controversial nominees who do not have a blue slip problem. We will convene a hearing the week after next on the nomination of Charles W. Pickering for the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. I fully expect we will also have hearings on other nominations for which consensus will be difficult, including such nominees as Judge Priscilla Owen, Professor Michael McConnell, and Miguel Estrada.  Third, we will continue to seek a cooperative and constructive working relationship not only with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle but also with the White House. I ask the WhiteHouse to help make the confirmation process more orderly and less antagonistic, and thus make it more productive.  Finding our way forward out of the legacy of the last 6 years is going to require some White House cooperation. The President represents one of our three branches of Government. We in the Senate represent one. We are talking about working together in matters that affect our third branch. I take very seriously the advise and consent clause of the Constitution. It does not say: Advise and rubberstamp. It says advise and consent. The distinguished Presiding Officer, the President pro tempore, knows better than anybody else in this body the kind of debate that went on at the founding of this country on the constitutional requirement of advice and consent. Our Founders made very sure we, the people, had a voice in these appointments. This is a democracy, not a regency.  I will strive--whether we have a Democratic President or a Republican President--to uphold the right, and not just the right, the duty of the Senate, to fulfill its advise and consent role. It is one of the most important roles this body has ever had because it is exclusively in this great Chamber, in this great body. Senators really do not follow their oath of office if they do not uphold that right and that privilege and that duty of advice and consent.  I have heard the distinguished Presiding Officer speak of the number of Presidents with whom he has served. He very correctly has pointed out, we do not serve under a President, we serve with a President.  I have enormous respect for all Presidents I have served with, Republicans and Democrats. They are a major part of our Democratic framework. Whoever is President carries an awesome burden and should be helped in carrying out that burden. But we carry an awesome burden on advice and concept, as well. Let us try to bring the duties and rights and obligations at one end of Pennsylvania Avenue closer to the duties and rights and obligations at the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue and see how we might work together.  So today I ask the President, for his part, to consider several steps, each of which makes a tangible improvement in the consideration of judicial nominations.  First, the most progress can be made quickly if the White House would begin working with home State Senators to identify fair-minded, nonideological, consensus nominees to fill these court vacancies.  One of the reasons that the committee and the Senate were able to work as rapidly as we did in confirming now 30 judges in the last few months was because those nominations were strongly supported as consensus nominees by people from across the political and legal spectrums.  I have heard of too many situations, in too many States, involving too many reasonable and constructive home State Senators, in which the White House has shown no willingness to work cooperatively to find candidates to fill vacancies. The White House's unilateralism is not the way the process is intended to work. It is not the way the process has worked under past administrations. I urge the White House to show greater inclusiveness and flexibility and to help make this a truly bipartisan enterprise.  Logjams persist in several settings, the legacy of the last 6 years. To make real progress, the White House and the Senate should work together to repair the damage and move forward.  As I said before, the Constitution directs the President to seek the Senate's advice and consent in his appointments to the Federal courts. The lack of effort on the advice side of that obligation gives rise to a general impression, heightened by the White House's refusal to work cooperatively with some home State Democratic Senators, and by its unwillingness to listen to suggestions to continue the bipartisan commissions that have been a tradition, for years, in many States, that the White House and some in the Senate are intent on an ideological takeover of our courts.  With the circuits so evenly split in so many places, nominees to the Courts of Appeals may have a significant impact on the development of the law for decades to come. Some of us are concerned that there not be a rollback in the protections of individual rights, civil rights, workers' rights, consumers' rights, business rights, privacy rights, and environmental protection.  Secondly, I ask the President to reconsider his early decision on peer review vetting. It has needlessly added months to the time required to begin the hearing process for each nominee. For more than 50 years, the American Bar Association was able to conduct its peer reviews simultaneously with the FBI background check procedures. As I said earlier, that meant that when nominations were sent to the Senate, the FBI report and the ABA report were sent at approximately the same time, and we could start moving forward to review nominations and schedule hearings from that day.  We had occasions last year when we proceeded with hearings with fewer District Court nominees than I would have liked because recent nominees' files were not yet complete. I worry that same problem will be repeated this year.  For example, in relation to the FBI and the ABA background materials on the 24 District Court nominations that we received in the last day or so, we are not going to have all that material until March or April. That is regrettable. It was avoidable. We could have had it all here today so we could start reviewing those nominations and considering them for hearing agendas right away.  Now, no Senator is bound by the recommendations of the ABA. And I would never suggest that a Senator be bound by that. Each Senator is bound by their own conscience and their own sense of what is right. But the White House can make it clear that it is not bound either but that it is restoring a traditional practice--not because it intends to be bound by the results of that peer review but solely to remove an element of delay that it had inadvertently introduced into the confirmation process.  The White House can expressly ask the ABA, if they want, not to send the results of its peer reviews to the executive but only to transmit them to the committee. Few actions available to either the Senate or the White House could make as constructive a contribution as would the President's resolution of this problem. I ask him to seriously and thoughtfully consider taking it. It would take 1 minute of decision; it would save months of time.  In conclusion, whether we succeed in improving the confirmation process is going to depend in large measure on whether our goals are shared by Republican Senators and the White House. We will not have repaired the damage that has been done if we make progress this year and the improvements we are able to make are not institutionalized and continued the next time a Democratic President or, for that matter, a different Republican President is the one making judicial nominations.  In the statements I have heard and read from the Republican side, I have not heard them concede any shortcomings in the practices they employed over the previous 6\1/2\ years, even though since the change in majority last summer, we have exceeded their pace and productivity over the prior 6\1/2\ years. If their efforts were acceptable or praiseworthy as some would argue, I would expect them to commend our better efforts since last July.  If they did things they now regret, their admissions would go far in helping establish a common basis of understanding and comparison. Taking that step would be a significant gesture. It is something that has not yet occurred. I wish it would.  Whether it occurs or not, I want to move forward. The nominees voted on this morning and those included at our most recent hearings yesterday are clear evidence, again, that consensus nominees with widespread bipartisan support are more easily and quickly considered by the committee and confirmed by the Senate. I believe there was not a single vote against either of the judges confirmed today.  There are still far too many judicial vacancies. We have to work together to fill them. We have finally begun moving the confirmation and vacancy numbers in the right directions. The way forward is difficult. Democrats alone cannot achieve what should be our common goal of regaining the ground lost over the last 6 years. But all of us together can achieve that. I invite each with a role in this process to join that effort.  If I could close on a personal note, as I said before, the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, the senior Senator from Utah, is a close personal friend. I have been in the position of ranking member of that committee while he was chairman. I know many times he had to urge actions to move forward, actions with which many in his caucus did not agree. But he did, and I commend him for it. For my part, I pledge, during this year or whatever time I am chairman, to meet on a regular basis with my friend from Utah to try to iron out as many problems as we can. I believe there is a mutual respect between the two of us. But I would also urge the White House to realize that they do not act in a vacuum, to understand it is a democracy, to take a moment to reread the advice and consent clause. Let us work together. Things will go a lot faster and a lot better that way.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (