President, I want to compliment the majority leader for turning to the Sarbanes bill and the issue of corporate responsibility. I also want to thank Chairman Sarbanes for his leadership on the impressive bill that he has produced in the Banking Committee.  So many times all that the public hears about Congress is about turf and partisanship. This comprehensive reform effort disproves those claims. Thanks to the leadership of the Majority Leader and Senator Sarbanes, the bill that we are about to vote on is a tough, comprehensive reform package that enjoys broad bipartisan support in the Senate. It brought together the best ideas from many Senators, from many Committees, and from both parties.  From my standpoint, as Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, this has been an opportunity to benefit once again from the wonderful partnership that we have forged between the Banking Committee and the Judiciary Committee. After September 11, our two Committees worked together to write the anti terrorism provisions of the USA Patriot Act that dealt with money laundering. Here, with the 97-0 vote to adopt of the provisions of the Corporate and Criminal Fraud and Accountability Act, as a Leahy-McCain amendment to this bill, Senator Sarbanes and I have again united the forces and expertise of our Committees. This time we have done so to craft comprehensive laws to deal with financial wrongdoing, and again done so with bipartisan support in both Committees. I think that the final product is better and more complete because of our joint work. Thank you Chairman Sarbanes.  But the joint effort did not stop with Senator Sarbanes and myself. Senators Biden, Hatch and the Minority Leader offered provisions that were also adopted by the Senate, adding aspects of the President's recent proposal. That is an impressive show of bipartisanship because those proposals were only made after the Senate had already begun debate on this bill. Despite the White House's refusal to help us shape our more comprehensive proposal, we did not hesitate to include the President's suggestions in our final product.  The bill was further perfected by Senator Edwards' thoughtful amendment dealing with the conduct of corporate attorneys. Once again, we were able to draw on the expertise of a particular Senator to enlist the help of lawyers in stopping corporate fraud, not designing it. In short, we started with a fine bill from Senator Sarbanes, and have strengthened even further, never losing our strong bipartisan support.  We need to remind ourselves of the underlying reasons for the bipartisan support behind these measures. Enron brought it to light, but it goes deeper. It's about a basic fairness and equity that transcends party lines. It's about rewarding people who play by the rules and punishing people who don't. It's about the basic American ideal of treating all people equally under the law.  We cannot have a system where a pickpocket who steals $50 faces more jail time than a CEO who steals $50 million. The integrity of our financial system depends on accountability. The mounting scandals and declining stock market have damaged the integrity of our public markets and we must restore it.  I was proud that the Judiciary Committee, joined by the Majority Leader and a bipartisan group of Senators including Senator McCain and others was able to make such an important contribution to this effort by contributing the provisions of S. 2010, the ``Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act,'' as it was unanimously reported out of the Judiciary Committee in April, as an amendment to the Sarbanes bill. Both in Committee in April and again last week on the floor, not a single Senator from either party has voted against the provisions of the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act.  We worked hard to reach across party lines on this measure, and I hope that the House of Representatives acknowledges that fact. I was glad to see in last Friday's newspapers that Speaker Hastert also endorsed the joint Sarbanes-Leahy measure after its adoption. I hope that the President can follow the leadership of Speaker Hastert and support the Senate measure as this bill moves forward.  Recent events have served as a stark reminder that we need to reexamine our laws to make sure that they reflect our important and shared values of honesty and accountability. Enron has become a symbol for the torrent of corporate fraud scandals that have hit the front pages and battered our financial markets. Tyco, Xerox, WorldCom, Adelphia, Global Crossings, the list goes on.  The things that happened at Enron did not happen by mistake. They were not the result of one or two ``bad apples.'' Senior management at Enron, assisted by an army of accountants and lawyers spun an intricate web of deceit. They engaged in a systematic fraud that allowed them to secretly take hundreds of millions of dollars out of the company. This kind of fraud is not the work of a lone fraud artist. Rather, it is symptomatic of a corporate culture where greed has been inflated and honesty devalued.  Unfortunately, as I have said and as the experts warned at our February 6 hearing, Enron does not appear to have been alone. Each week we read of corporation after corporation that has engaged in misconduct, and these are not small or marginal corporations. These are major mainstays of corporate America. The web of deceit woven by such publicly traded companies ensnares and victimizes the entire investing public who depend on the transparency and integrity of our markets for everything from their retirement nest eggs to their children's college funds. That is why this comprehensive reform is urgently needed to restore accountability in our markets.  The Leahy-McCain amendment to the Sarbanes bill, approved 97-0 by the Senate, provided important provisions to ensure just such accountability.  The Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act which I authored provides tough new criminal penalties to restore accountability and transparency in our markets. It accomplishes this in three ways:  punishing criminals who commit fraud, preserving evidence to prove fraud, and protecting victims of fraud.  Here are some of its major provisions as adopted by the unanimous Judiciary Committee in April and the unanimous Senate last week: It establishes a new crime of securities fraud, with a tough ten year jail sentence. It breaks the ``corporate code of silence'' by providing, for the first time, federal protection for corporate whistleblowers who report fraud to the authorities or testify at trial. It closes loopholes and toughens penalties for shredding documents as we learned had occurred at Arthur Andersen. It requires audit documents to be preserved for 5 years and provides tough criminal penalties for their destruction. It protects victims the right to recoup their losses by preventing fraud artists from hiding in bankruptcy or concealing their crime and using an unfair statute of limitations to hide.  With these bipartisan provisions and others incorporated, this bill we have produced is truly a comprehensive measure. It tightens regulation of corporate misconduct, but it now also provides an important deterrent to fraud artists. This bill is going to send wrongdoers to jail and save documents from the shredder, which sends a powerful and clear message to potential corporate wrongdoers ``dont do it.'' As a former prosecutor, I have discovered that nothing focuses attention to morality like the prospect of a long prison sentence.  In the Senate, as we have been debating and shaping specific and comprehensive reform proposals, we had been trying for months unsuccessfully to get the President's support. The Administration had stayed on the sidelines during this important debate .  For whatever reason, perhaps the mounting scandals or the declining market, the President decided last week to speak out against corporate fraud. He spoke again today on our economy. I welcome his participation and hope that he will follow up his speeches by supporting real reform. It is amazing to me that with such broad bipartisan support and now on the verge of Senate passage, that the Administration has still not given a clear statement supporting the bill on which we are now about to vote.  Although I now understand that a White House official reportedly said that they agreed with the ``goals'' of this reform bill, I was disappointed that the President has not yet voiced his support for this bipartisan measure about to pass the Senate. Supporting the ``goals'' is a good first step but it is nonetheless a baby step. I read in the paper last week that the President does not want to ``tip his hand.'' This is not a game of poker, however. This is the time for Presidential leadership with the integrity of our markets at stake. When there are specific proposals passing the U.S. Senate by an overwhelming majority of Senators from both parties and the Speaker of the House is supporting the measures as well one wonders what it will take for the President to express his opinion.  For those of us in the Senate, like myself, Senator Sarbanes, Senator McCain, Majority Leader Daschle, and others who have worked hard to come up with specific and bipartisan reform proposals, the ``goals'' have been clear for a long time. It is now time for comprehensive action.  While the President's proposal was short on details, some of it did sound familiar to those of us on the Judiciary Committee. Three of the President's proposals are found in S. 2010, the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act, which we adopted 97-0 in the Senate: One, The President advocates for strengthening the laws punishing document shredding and obstruction of justice. That is in our bill. Two, The President wants the Sentencing Commission to raise penalties for corporate misconduct. That is in our bill. Three, The President wants the Sentencing Commission to raise the penalties for the existing fraud laws. That is in our bill as well.  I am glad the President adopted three proposals from my bill, even if he will only say that he supports the `` goals.'' As I said, we were also quick to write up his ideas into concrete proposals and include them in our bill. Unfortunately, the President's proposal failed to include many of the important provisions in the bipartisan Leahy amendment. It fails to create a new crime to punish securities fraud to directly punish corporate wrongdoers. It fails to provide whistleblowers with protection that will break the corporate code of silence. Remember, you can put whatever criminal laws you want on the books but unless there are witnesses who are not scared to help prosecutors prove what happened no one will be held accountable. It fails to protect victims of fraud by allowing them to recover their losses from a fraud artist who declares bankruptcy. It fails to establish a realistic statute of limitations to allow victims to recoup their losses when a fraud artist can manage to conceal his crimes for long enough, a change that has received strong bipartisan support dating back to the SEC under former President Bush.  As I said, I was glad to hear the President finally join this reform debate. Now is not the time, though, for half measures. We need comprehensive action. We were glad to include the President's proposals in the Senate bill, but we unanimously agreed to more comprehensive reform, including the Leahy bill.  Now I hope that the President will support such comprehensive reform as is found in this bill. I hope that his rhetoric is backed by action and that his generalities are backed with specifics.  Speaker Hastert has now publicly supported the Sarbanes bill and the Leahy amendment. I hope that the President will support the bill's provisions as it moves forward to conference and will appeal to other Republican House members not to water it down. That will be the true test of his resolve to restore accountability to our markets.  It is time for action, comprehensive action that will restore confidence and accountability in our public markets. The Sarbanes bill, including the unanimously approved Leahy-McCain amendment incorporating the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act, provides just such action.  Let's pass this comprehensive bill and send the President a strong measure to sign into law. Congress must act to restore integrity in our capital markets to strengthen our economy.  