President, for more than 2 years, I have been working hard with Members on both sides of the aisle, in both Houses of Congress, to address the horrendous problem of innocent people being condemned to death within our judicial system. This is not a question of whether you are for or against the death penalty. Many of the House Members and Senate Members who have joined this effort are in favor of the death penalty. I suspect the majority of them are in favor of it. It goes to the question of what happens if you have an innocent person who is condemned to death.  Our bill, the Innocence Protection Act, proposes a number of basic commonsense reforms to our criminal justice system; reforms that are aimed at reducing the risk that innocent people will be put to death.  We have come a long way since I first introduced the IPA in February 2000. At that time, we had four Democratic cosponsors. Now there is a broad consensus across the country among Democrats and Republicans, supporters and opponents of the death penalty, liberals, conservatives, and moderates, that our death penalty machinery is broken. We know that putting an innocent person on death row is not just a nightmare, it is not just a dream, it is a frequently recurring reality.  Since the 1970s, more than 100 people who were sentenced to death have been released, not because of some technicality, but because they were innocent, because they had been sentenced to death by mistake. One wonders how many others were not discovered and how many innocent people were executed.  These are not just numbers, these are real people. Their lives are ruined. Let me give an example: Anthony Porter. Anthony Porter was 2 days from execution in 1998 when he was exonerated and released from prison. Why? Not because the criminal justice system worked. He was exonerated and released because a class of journalism students, who had taken on an investigation of his case, found that did he not commit the crime. They also found the real killer. A group of students from a journalism class did what should have been done by the criminal justice system in the first place.  Ray Krone spent 10 years in prison. Three of those ten years were on death row waiting for the news that he was about to be executed. Then, earlier this year, through DNA testing, he was exculpated and the real killer was identified. These are two of the many tragedies we learn about each year.  These situations result not only in the tragedy of putting an innocent person on death row, but they also leave the person who committed the crime free. Everything fails. We have the wrong person in prison. But we have not protected society or the criminal justice system because the real criminal is still out running free. Often times, the actual perpetrator is a serial criminal.  Today, Federal judges are voicing concerns about the death penalty. Justice Sandra Day O'Connor has warned that ``the system may well be allowing some innocent defendants to be executed.'' Justice Ginsburg has supported a State moratorium on the death penalty. Another respected jurist, Sixth Circuit Judge Gilbert Merritt, referred to the capital punishment system as ``broken,'' and two district court judges have found constitutional problems with the Federal death penalty.  We can agree there is a grave problem. The good news is that there is also a broad consensus on one important step we have to take--we must pass the Innocence Protection Act.  That is why I wanted to let my colleagues know what is happening. As the 107th Congress draws to a close, the IPA is cosponsored by a substantial bipartisan majority of the House and by 32 Senators from both sides of the aisle, including, most recently, Senator Bob Smith of New Hampshire. A version of the bill has been reported by a bipartisan majority of the Senate Judiciary Committee. And the bill enjoys the support of ordinary Americans across the political spectrum.  What would the Innocence Protection Act do? As reported by the committee, the bill proposes two minimum steps that we need to take--not to make the system perfect, but simply to reduce what is currently an unacceptably high risk of error. First, we need to make good on the promise of modern technology in the form of DNA testing. Second, we need to make good on the constitutional promise of competent counsel.  DNA testing comes first because it is proven and effective. We all know that DNA testing is an extraordinary tool for uncovering the truth, whatever the truth may be. It is the fingerprint of the 21st Century. Prosecutors across the country rightly use it to prove guilt. By the same token, it should also be used to do what it is equally scientifically reliable to do: to establish innocence.  Just like fingerprints, in many crimes there are no fingerprints; in many crimes there is no DNA evidence.  Where there is DNA evidence, it can show us conclusively, even years after a conviction, where mistakes have been made. And there is no good reason not to use it.  Allowing testing does not deprive the State of its ability to present its case, and under a reasonable scheme for the preservation and testing of DNA evidence, it should be possible to preserve the evidence.  The Innocence Protection Act would therefore provide improved access to DNA testing for people who claim that they have been wrongfully convicted.  Just last week, prosecutors in St. Paul, MN, vacated a 1985 rape conviction after a review of old cases led to DNA testing that showed they had the wrong man--and also identified the actual rapist. Think how much better society would have been had they caught the real rapist 17 years ago. The district attorney wanted to conduct DNA testing in two other cases, but the evidence in those cases had already been destroyed. She has called on law enforcement agencies to adopt policies requiring retention of such evidence, and that is what our bill would call for.  Many cases have no DNA evidence to be tested, just as in most cases there are no fingerprints. In the vast majority of death row exonerations, no DNA testing has or could have been involved.  So the broad and growing consensus on death penalty reform has another top priority. All the statistics and evidence show that the single most frequent cause of wrongful convictions is inadequate defense representation at trial. The biggest thing we can do is to guarantee at least minimum competency for the defense in a capital case.  This bill offers States extra money for quality and accountability.  They can decline the money but then the money will be spent on one or more organizations that provide capital representation in that State. One way or another, the system is improved.  More money is good for the states. More openness and accountability is good for everyone. And better lawyering makes the trial process far less prone to error.  When I was a State's Attorney in Vermont, I wanted those I prosecuted to have competent defense counsel. I wanted to reach the right result in my trails, whatever that was, and I wanted a clean record, not a record riddled with error. Any prosecutor worth his or her salt will tell you the same; anyprosecutor who is afraid of trying his cases against competent defense counsel ought to try a new line of work, because the whole system works better if both prosecutor and defense counsel are competent. That is what I wanted when I was prosecuting cases because I wanted to make sure justice was done.  The Constitution requires the Government to provide an attorney for any defendant who cannot afford one. The unfortunate fact is that in some parts of the country, it is better to be rich and guilty than poor and innocent, because the rich will get their competent counsel, but those who are not rich often find their lives placed in the hands of underpaid court-appointed lawyers who are inexperienced, inept, uninterested, or worse.  We have seen case after case of sleeping lawyers, drunk lawyers, lawyers who meet with their clients for the first time on the eve of trial, and lawyers who refer to their own clients with racial slurs.  Part of the problem, I think, lies with some state court judges who do not appear to expect much of anything from criminal defense attorneys, even when they are representing people who are on trial for their lives. Good judges, like good prosecutors, want competent lawyering for both sides. But some judges run for reelection touting the number and speed of death sentences they have handed down. For them, the adversary system is a hindrance.  The problem of low standards is not confined to elected State judges. Earlier this year, a bare majority of the Supreme Court held that it was okay for the defendant in a capital murder trial to be represented by the same lawyer who represented the murder victim. Most law students would automatically say that is a conflict of interest, but our Supreme Court said that was all right. And last year, a Federal appeals court struggled with the question whether a defense lawyer who slept through most of his client's capital murder trial provided effective assistance of counsel.  Fortunately, a majority of the court eventually came to the sensible conclusion that ``unconscious counsel equates to no counsel at all,'' basically reversing what a State court said when it said the Constitution guarantees a person counsel. It does not guarantee they will stay awake.  No law can guarantee that no innocent person will be convicted. But surely we can do better than this. Surely we can demand more of defense counsel than that they simply show up for the trial and remain awake. When people in this country are put on trial for their lives, they should be defended by lawyers who meet reasonable standards of competence and who have sufficient funds to investigate the facts and prepare thoroughly for trial. As citizens, we expect that of our prosecutors. We ought to expect the same thing of our defense attorneys. That is all we ask for in the IPA.  I have heard four arguments against the bill. One wonders, with all these people from the right to the left, all these editorial writers and Members of Congress from both parties supporting the IPA, what that tells us.  First, critics claim that the bill is an affront to States' rights. As a Vermonter, and as a former State prosecutor, I agree that States' rights are very important. States should have the right to set their own laws, free of Federal preemption at the behest of special interests. They should have the right to set their own budgets, free of unfunded mandates. And their reasonable expectations of Federal funding for criminal justice and other essential programs should be met, rather than bankrupting State governments because of Federal tax policy.  The IPA is entirely consistent with these principles of State sovereignty. It leaves State laws, including the death penalty laws, in place. It offers States new funding for their criminal justice systems. And there was a provision added during the committee process establishing a student loan forgiveness program for prosecutors and public defenders, something that a lot of State governments say would help recruit and retain competent young lawyers.  This is one of those cases, like in the civil rights era, where the rhetoric of States rights is being abused as a code for the denial of basic justice and accountability. Some States have made meaningful reforms, but many have not. They have had more than a quarter of a century and 100 death row exonerations to get their act together, but they have failed. As many in this body argued in 1996, when promoting legislation to speed up executions, justice delayed is justice denied. I agree with that. We cannot wait forever while innocent lives are in peril.  I have heard a second argument against the IPA, which is that society cannot afford to pay for these reforms. The truth, however, is that we cannot afford to do otherwise if we want to maintain confidence in our criminal justice system. The costs of providing DNA testing and competent counsel are relatively small, especially when you compare them to the costs of retrials that are necessitated by the lack of adequate counsel at trial, or the cost of locking up innocent people for years or even decades. I am all for efficiency, but the greatest nation on Earth should not be skimping on justice in matters of life or death.  I have heard a third argument from a vocal minority of State prosecutors. They claim the bill would make it unduly difficult, if not impossible, to seek the death penalty. That is a shocking claim. When I prosecuted cases, I felt very comfortable prosecuting those cases under the laws of our State because of two things: I knew that all the evidence we had, including potentially exonerating evidence, had been given to the defendant. And I knew I was working in a well-functioning adversarial system with effective representation on the other side. That is the way it is supposed to work.  When I hear a prosecutor say that the IPA reforms--enabling DNA testing and securing adequate defense representation--would make it almost impossible for him to do his job, it makes me wonder what he thinks that job is.  Finally, there is one more argument against the bill which is rarely stated out loud. I call it the ``innocence denial'' argument. We saw this in the Earl Washington case in Virginia where, despite conclusive DNA evidence to the contrary, the Commonwealth for years clung to the hopelessly unreliable and implausible confession of a mentally retarded man. We see it in claims that ``the system is working'' when an innocent man is released after years on death row due to the work of journalism students. And we see it in the often-repeated insistence that, no matter how many people have been exonerated, no one can prove that an innocent person has actually been executed.  The innocence deniers will never concede there is a problem. But with 100 known instances of the system failing--and those are only the ones we know about--it would be surprising if there were not more unknown cases of innocent people being sentenced to death.  The IPA was passed out of committee in the Senate and is supported by a majority of the House. We ought to pass it before more lives are ruined.  As a prosecutor, I never had any hesitation to seek the severest penalties our State could provide for people who committed serious crimes. When I look at some of the cases I have reviewed over recent years, when I see shoddy evidence, or when I see evidence that was not looked at because it might have pointed to someone else, I wonder, why wouldn't society want a better system? Passing the IPA will help fix these problems and give greater credibility to our criminal justice system.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum and ask that the time be equally divided.  