President, I rise today with Senators Jeffords and Collins to introduce the Hometown Heroes Survivors Benefits Act of 2002. Our bipartisan legislation will improve the Department of Justice's Public Safety Officers' Benefits, PSOB, Program by allowing families of public safety officers who suffer fatal heart attacks or strokes to qualify for Federal survivor benefits.  Public safety officers are among our most brave and dedicated public servants. I applaud the efforts of all members of fire, law enforcement, and rescue organizations nationwide who are the first to respond to more than 1.6 million emergency calls annually, whether those calls involve a crime, fire, medical emergency, spill of hazardous materials, natural disaster, act of terrorism, or transportation accident, without reservation. They act with an unwavering commitment to the safety and protection of their fellow citizens, and are forever willing to selflessly sacrifice their own lives to provide safe and reliable emergency services to their communities. Sadly, this dedication to service can result in tragedy, as was evident by the bravery displayed on September 11th.  In the days and months since September 11th, I have been particularly touched by the stories of unselfish sacrifices made by scores of New York City first responders who bravely entered the World Trade Center that day with the singular goal of saving lives. More than one hundred firefighters in America lose their lives every year and thousands are injured in the line of duty. While PSOB benefits can never be a substitute for the loss of a loved one, the families of all our fallen heroes deserve to collect these funds.  The PSOB Program provides a one-time financial benefit to the eligible survivors of federal, state, and local public safety officers whose deaths are the direct and proximate result of a traumatic injury sustained in the line of duty. Last year, Congress improved the PSOB Program by streamlining the process for families of public safety officers killed or injured in connection with prevention, investigation, rescue or recovery efforts related to a terrorist attack. We also retroactively increased the total benefits available by $100,000 as part of the USA PATRIOT Act. The PSOB Program now provides approximately $250,000 in benefits to the families of law enforcement officers, firemen, emergency response squad members, and ambulance crew members who are killed in the line of duty. Unfortunately, the issue of including heart attack and stroke victims in the PSOB Program was not addressed at that time.  The PSOB Program does not cover deaths resulting from occupational illness or pulmonary or heart disease unless a traumatic injury is a substantial factor to the death. However, if toxicology reports demonstrate a carbon monoxide level of 10 percent or greater, 15 percent or greater for the smoker, at the onset of a heart attack benefits are paid. The PSOB Program has developed a formula that addresses oxygen therapy provided to the victim prior to the death.  Heart attack and cardiac related deaths account for almost half of all firefighter fatalities, between 45-50 deaths, and an average of 13 police officer deaths each year. Yet the families of these fallen heroes are rarely eligible to receive PSOB benefits. In January 1978, special Deputy Sheriff Bernard Demag of the Chittenden County Sheriff's Office suffered a fatal heart attack within two hours of his chase and apprehension of an escaped juvenile whom he had been transporting. Mr. Demag's family spent nearly two decades fighting in court for workers' compensation death benefits all to no avail. Clearly, we should be treating surviving family members with more decency and respect.  Public safety is dangerous, exhausting, and stressful work. A first responder's chances of suffering a heart attack or stroke greatly increase when he or she puts on heavy equipment and rushes into a burning building to fight a fire and save lives. The families of these brave public servants deserve to participate in the PSOB Program if their loved ones die of a heart attack or other cardiac related ailments while selflessly protecting us from harm.  First responders across the country now face a new series of challenges as they respond to over 1.6 million emergency calls this year, from responding to fires and hazardous material spills to providing emergency medical services to reacting to weapons of mass destruction. They do this with an unwavering commitment to the safety of their fellow citizens, and are forever willing to selflessly sacrifice their own lives to protect the lives and property of their fellow citizens. It is time for Congress to show its support and appreciation for these extraordinarily brave and heroic public safety officers. We should quickly work to pass the Hometown Heroes Survivors Benefit Act.  