President, the Senate is debating the nomination of D. Brooks Smith to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. This, incidentally, is the 13th circuit court nominee to be considered by the Senate since the change in Senate majority and reorganization of the Judiciary Committee fewer than 13 months ago. That is an average of one court of appeals judge a month since the Democratic majority has been in place. That does set a record.  We voted and confirmed three judges yesterday, one a circuit court of appeals judge. There are 10 other judicial nominees on the calendar. All have been approved on the Democratic side of the aisle. We have no objection to going forward with votes on them. I commend the Senator from South Dakota, the majority leader, Senator Daschle, who worked very hard to overcome the Republican objections so we can vote on President Bush's nominees to the judiciary.  We set a record on the number of courts of appeals nominees who have been given hearings and votes. We have moved forward, including confirming one yesterday, and we will vote on another circuit court nominee tomorrow. That will be 13 in less than 13 months, plus more than 60 other judicial nominees for whom we have held hearings or on whom we have already voted. This seat on the Third Circuit is another example of the different ways in which the Republican majority and Democratic majority have proceeded.  Today's debate is taking place in broad daylight. Under the Democratic majority, Judge Smith received a hearing less than 4 months after receipt of his ABA peer review. In contrast, Judge Cindrich was previously nominated for the same vacancy on the Third Circuit by President Clinton. He sat there for 10 months. You may wonder what happened at his hearing. He never got a hearing. You may wonder what happened on his vote. He never got a vote. He was never allowed a hearing; he was never allowed a vote. Four months after Judge Smith came up with his ABA papers, we had a hearing.  This is one of the many court of appeals vacancies for which President Clinton nominated qualified and moderate nominees but the Republican majority would not allow a vote--neither a hearing nor a committee vote. Bonnie Campbell, Allen Snyder, and so many others--I am sure they have not been treated as fairly as Judge Smith's nomination.  It is not enough to say some of the Republicans did not want those judicial nominees to be confirmed. I will vote against this nominee. I am the Chairman of the Committee. I could have refused to hold a hearing on Judge Smith. I could have refused to put his nomination on the calendar for a vote in our Committee. I did not. Even though, after the hearing, I made my up my mind to oppose this judge, I allowed the Committee to vote on his nomination and, if he got a majority vote in the Committee, allowed it to come to the Senate floor. That has always been the Democratic practice, and a practice that I follow.  Every Senator, Democrat and Republican, will vote his or her conscienceabout the merits of Judge Smith's promotion to the appellate bench. I do not question the conscience of any Senator in doing that. While the course charted by the Democratic Senate to improve the process and hold judicial nominees is an honorable, difficult and time-consuming course, it is a road not taken in many instances by the Republicans in the recent past.  Some nominees, such as Judge Smith, are a portrait of contradiction. Those on the other side can extol his accomplishments and his popularity, but they omit his failings. They minimize his troubling record on ethical issues and his decisions as a judicial officer. Some, we heard tonight, may belittle the genuine concerns raised by many and shared by some Members of this Senate. I believe they are legitimate concerns.  As I said, I could have refused to allow him to have a hearing. I could have refused to allow him to have a vote in the Committee. I did not. I do have genuine concerns.  Some on the other side may try to castigate or caricature those who express opinions that are in opposition to the confirmation of a nominee. They may even choose to vilify those who dare to vote against a nominee who may be popular but who may be flawed in so many important respects. All of these contrasting views and accusations might cause an outside observer to wonder what exactly is the truth. The fundamental questions are whether this particular nominee should be confirmed, whether he should be promoted to a higher court, and whether his record of conduct on and off the bench warrants promotion. A lifetime appointment to review the decisions of other judges is not a right.  With the Supreme Court hearing fewer than 100 cases per year, it is the circuit courts that are really the courts of last resort for thousands of cases each year. These cases affect the Constitution, as well as statutes intended by Congress to protect the rights of all Americans; for example, the right to equal protection of the laws, the right to privacy, as well as the best opportunity to have clean air and clean water, not only for ourselves but for our future generations.  These courts are where Federal regulations will be upheld or overturned, where reproductive rights will be retained or lost, and where intrusive Government action will be allowed or curtailed. They are courts where thousands of individuals have their final appeal in matters affecting their financial future, their health, their lives, their liberty. I believe this record does not demonstrate that Judge D. Brooks Smith merits this promotion.  In saying this, I mean no disrespect to the senior Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Specter, who strongly supported the confirmation of this nominee, nor disrespect to the nominee who is well-liked by many. I genuinely mean no harm to Judge Smith, no matter how we vote tomorrow. He has a lifetime appointment and a lifetime salary as a Federal judge. It is fair to say, however, that this nominee's record is problematic in a number of ways. Among my many concerns is the fact that Judge Smith's action creates an appearance that is too often beholden to special interests. The Federal courts are supposed to be an independent judiciary that is not beholden to anyone--the left, the right, or any economic interests. An independent judiciary is the people's bulwark against the loss of their freedom and rights.  A number of judges and lawyers in Pennsylvania have written to the Senate to support Judge Smith's confirmation. A number of individuals and groups from Pennsylvania and elsewhere in the Third Circuit and throughout the country have written to the Senate, have called and e-mailed our office to express their deep concerns about this nomination.  We have heard from many Americans who are concerned about Judge Smith's record as a judge, including, incidentally, a resolution that was passed by the City Council of the City of Philadelphia. It was sent to us after the vote in the Judiciary Committee. It called for his nomination to be rejected.  I am going to put in the Record at the end of my statement this City Council resolution, as well as the opinions of two ethics professors.  I am disappointed that Judge Smith's record on and off the bench has resulted in this kind of controversy. As I reviewed his record as a judge, that record raised significant doubts in my mind as well.  The issue for me is whether Judge Smith's record justifies this promotion from the lifetime Federal judgeship he now holds to the higher lifetime Federal judgeship. In this case, it is to a court that is only one step below the Supreme Court. Appellate judges in the circuit courts write opinions that become law, affecting all of us, whether we live in Pennsylvania, Utah, Vermont, or Illinois. I do not believe Judge Smith's record justifies this promotion.  For one thing, he failed to keep his promise to resign from a discriminatory country club. Incidentally, that was not a promise that is something given in a political statement or to somebody in the press in response to an impromptu question. This was a promise Judge Smith made in a sworn statement before the Senate a few years ago. He belonged to a discriminatory club for more than a decade after he swore, after he took an oath, that he would quit if the rules were not changed to allow women to become members, in 1988.  He stood there, he raised his right hand, he swore to tell the truth, and he told us that he would resign if women were not admitted by 1989. He did resign from this Spruce Creek Rod and Gun Club in 1999, 10 years later.  What do you suppose was the thing that finally made him keep his word? A cynic would say that a vacancy had arisen on the court he wanted to be promoted to, and suddenly he thought: Wait a minute. I know I swore to resign by 1989--I had a lifetime judgeship and why do I have to resign from a club I like--but then suddenly, whoops, I might be promoted to even a higher Federal judgeship, maybe I better dust off that promise. I realize I am 10 years late, but better late than never.  I find that extremely troubling.  We had testimony by his supporters in letters that, well, the Spruce Creek is just a little fishing club, an itty-bitty fishing club of no consequence, kind of like a shack in the woods where a group of male friends might store their gear.  It is not exactly an itty-bitty club. This here is the itty-bitty club.  I have a little farmhouse in Vermont. My house probably would fit in the garage of this itty-bitty club. Look at this stately club. The Republicans may have missed one thing when they previously referred to this itty-bitty clubhouse, this inconsequential clubhouse as ``rustic.'' Maybe they didn't realize that, because it is such a stately and important place, it is on the National Registry of Historic Places.  I bet your home, Mr. Presiding Officer, is not on the National Registry of Historic Places. Mine is not on the National Registry of Historic Places. I will bet the senior Senator from Utah's home is not on the National Registry of Historic Places. But this little no-consequence, little tiny fishing club, the itty-bitty fishing club, is on such a prestigious list.  For nearly a century, this itty-bitty fishing club has been an exclusive recreational sportsmen's club that hosts its members and guests at its beautiful clubhouse. It has dining facilities. This itty-bitty clubhouse has fireplaces. It has bedrooms for overnight guests. It is not just a little bend in the road; it sits on hundreds of acres of prime real estate.  We can joke about it. It is obvious that Judge Smith and his supporters thought we would not actually go and find a picture of the club. I think they probably wish that we would not go back to his sworn testimony in which he promised to resign 10 years before he did. But let us be clear about what this is. The sports club--it does not make a difference whether the sport pursued is fishing or golfing. There are a number of women's fly fishing clubs attesting to the interest of women in that sport, and that is fine.  If men want to go off and go fly fishing themselves, that is fine. If women want to go off and go fly fishing, that is fine. But when they have facilities to conduct business and when businesspeople go there to conduct business and that is how you may be able to get ahead in the business world if you exclude women from it, if you say, women, if you want to be in business, you are not going to be able tojoin the moguls of the business or legal community here, then it is exclusionary.  Women anglers who might have a fly fishing association could not walk into the Spruce Creek clubhouse. They could not fish in the stream called Spruce Creek that runs through the land owned by the club--unless a man, who is a member, condescended to invite them.  Frankly, it does not make any difference whether you exclude women or you exclude African Americans or you exclude people of particular religious faiths--it is still exclusion. That is why it is particularly troublesome that, when Judge Smith was up here the last time before the Senate seeking a lifetime appointment, he swore in sworn testimony to the Judiciary Committee and to the Senate of the United States that he would resign if he could not promptly get the club to change its exclusionary rules.  Judge Smith did not resign within a year, or 2 years, as he had sworn. In fact, he did not resign within the time that the ethical rules that he was sworn to uphold as a judge required. He did not resign until 10 years later and then only when a new position on a higher court for someone from Western Pennsylvania opened up and he hoped to be appointed to it.  There is no reasonable, logical explanation for why he waited for more than 10 years to follow through except that one: There is now a vacancy on a court that he wanted to go to, the Third Circuit from Western Pennsylvania. Claims that the ethical rules changed to allow his continued membership are groundless.  The reason I stress this is that we have judicial nominations hearings, and the distinguished Senator from Utah, the distinguished Senator from Illinois, we have all sat in these hearings. You ask for certain commitments from judicial nominees because once they are confirmed they have a lifetime position.  When a nominee comes before the Senate and makes a commitment, we must rely on his or her word to honor that the promise will be kept. With Federal judges that is especially true. Once confirmed, they have lifetime appointments. Impeachment is not a realistic way to enforce such commitments and, unlike Republicans in the House and Senate a few years ago, I have never suggested impeachment of Federal judges.  If we allow such a promise, whether it is about club membership or some other issue, to be so flagrantly broken with no consequence, then promises and assurances to the United States Senate will mean very little. I think that is a bad precedent. I think that is a bad message to send to future nominees to the courts and to the executive branch: just tell us what we want to hear and then ignore those commitments without any consequence.  I cannot think of another occasion in which a judicial nominee has promised to take specific actions and then been confirmed, after failing to keep his word. It is true that some judicial nominees have been confirmed after resigning from a discriminatory club, but none have ever been confirmed after telling the Senate that they would resign and then failing for years to do so. The closest analogy I recall is the failed nomination of Judge Kenneth Ryskamp to the 11th Circuit, because Judge Ryskamp was on notice that membership in discriminatory clubs was impermissible, but he continued his membership in a discriminatory club anyway.  As a district court nominee of President Reagan in 1986, Judge Ryskamp admitted that he was then a member of the University Club, which had a rule against allowing women as members, and the Riviera Club, which had no race-specific membership rules, but which in practice had no Jewish or African American members. During his 1986 hearing, Senator Simon asked Ryskamp if he thought he should resign from the University Club, and Ryskamp promised the Senate, ``I will resign from any club the Committee feels is inappropriate.'' In 1986, he was not asked specifically about the Riviera Club, which he later said he did not consider to be a discriminatory club. He subsequently resigned from the University Club, but not the Riviera Club.  During his nomination by the first President Bush to the Eleventh Circuit, Judge Ryskamp's two-decade long membership in the Riviera Club was questioned extensively. For example, Senator Kennedy noted that the fact that the Senate had not specifically asked Judge Ryskamp to resign from the Riviera Club did not lessen his responsibility to follow the ethical rules anyway and resign. I recall that Judge Ryskamp told me that he resigned shortly before his confirmation hearing in March 1991 because his continued membership created the appearance of impropriety, not because, in his view, the Club discriminated. In April 1992, the motion to report favorably Judge Ryskamp's circuit nomination to the floor was defeated. The subsequent motion to send the nomination to the floor without recommendation also failed.  Unlike Judge Smith, Judge Ryskamp never promised to resign from the club at issue, although several Senators believed Judge Ryskamp should have done so following his first confirmation. I think it only reasonable that Judge Smith's conduct regarding his previous promise to the Senate would lead a reasonable person to doubt the sincerity of his assurances to the Senate this year in other areas, as well.  Breaking a promise to the Senate, or misleading the Senate into believing that certain action would be taken, is an independent yet unusually strong reason for the rejection of a judicial nominee. I do not think Judge Smith should be given a promotion after failing to keep his word to the Senate. If his statements to the Senate in 1988 were not promises, then he most assuredly misled the Senate into believing he was going to resign, and he did not do so within any period that can be considered reasonable. On this basis alone, I feel I must vote against Judge Smith's confirmation to the Third Circuit.  Spruce Creek invidiously discriminates against women. Prior to his nomination to be promoted to the Third Circuit, Judge Smith never informed the Senate that he did not have to keep his promise to the Senate. He acknowledged in both his 1988 and 2001 Senate Questionnaires that the Club violated the ethical rules against judges belonging to clubs that engage in invidious discrimination. In fact, when Judge Smith finally resigned from the Club in December of 1999, he told the Club's president that the Club's men-only membership rules ``continue to be at odds with current expectations of Federal judicial conduct.'' It is only now that questions have been raised about his very late resignation does he belatedly assert for the first time that the Club is ``purely social'' and so the rules against discriminatory club membership do not apply. The exception he seeks to create would swallow the rule. His statements on this point really give me pause with respect to how Judge Smith would follow the law as an appellate judge or whether he would seek to bend it to his personal purposes. Public officials should not have to be told, repeatedly, not to belong to clubs that discriminate.  We have received a letter from Professor Stephen Gillers, the Vice Dean of the New York University School of Law, observing that the ethical rules against discriminatory club membership do not apply to purely private social clubs that do not allow business or professional meetings. However, both Professor Gillers and Professor Monroe Friedman, a distinguished ethics scholar, have noted that if club members can or do sponsor events or meetings at the club that are business or professionally related then the club cannot be called purely private and the club's discrimination against membership for women is ``invidious'' within the meaning of the Code of Conduct's prohibitions. This is true even if women are allowed, by the men who belong to the club, to attend some or all business and professional meetings hosted by the club's members.  I understand that, in fact, Spruce Creek has always allowed members to host business and professional meetings at its facilities. We know that members have hosted business meetings and gatherings of their professional colleagues at the Club. The President of the Club, who has been a member for decades, told Senate staff that members can use Club facilities for any meetings or occasions they want, without any oversight, but he refused to discuss the specific ways theClub is used by members for business meetings.  We also know that the Club's constitution and by-laws do not discourage the members from hosting business, professional or political meetings at the Club. Women, regardless of their standing in the community or in their profession, cannot invite their colleagues to Spruce Creek for business meetings because they are explicitly and intentionally excluded from membership.  Additionally, according to Professor Gillers, Judge Smith had an obligation to make sure that the Club maintained a purely social purpose, if he was going to claim that his membership was exempt from the ethical rules. He could not merely assume that it did. There is no ``don't ask, don't tell'' exception to the ethical rules. Given his previous assurances to the Senate and his own admissions up to and including his resignation in 1999, he can hardly assert that the Club is ``purely social'' now, as an after-the-fact justification for his conduct. He has made no showing in support of this belated contention.  Professor Gillers' view of this obligation to inquire is consistent with the guidance in the Judicial Conference's Compendium to the Code of Conduct for United States Judges. Judge Smith also did not follow the Compendium's advice regularly to re-evaluate club membership policies and practices. Judge Smith also did not seek an ethics opinion from his fellow Federal judges about whether the rules against discriminatory club membership somehow exempted this Club to which he so badly wanted to belong.  Judge Smith now says that he did not seek an ethics opinion because it was so clear to him that the ethics rules did not apply to this Club after amendments in 1992 that supposedly let him off the hook. This is another implausible and self-serving assertion. As Professor Gillers noted, the 1992 amendments to the Code of Conduct for United States Judges without a doubt strengthened the prohibition against discriminatory club membership by adopting the language of the ABA code referred to in the Senate Questionnaire that Judge Smith promised to follow when he swore to the Senate that he would resign. The only significant difference is that the rule Judge Smith promised to follow in 1988 allowed judges one year to get discriminatory rules changed or resign, while the 1992 rule gave judges up to two years, from learning of discrimination according to the Code's new, tougher rules, to change the club's practices or resign. Yet, Judge Smith did not resign in 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, or 1994. He did not resign until a chance for a higher position in the Federal courts became available in 1999.  I recall that more than a decade ago the Senate Judiciary Committee considered this issue at length. There was testimony from women and men from across the country describing the impact of discriminatory private clubs on the women and people of color excluded. From time to time, I suppose, reminders of these lessons are necessary.  In 1990, 2 years after Judge Smith was confirmed and promised the Senate that he would resign from the mens-only Spruce Creek Club, the Senate Judiciary Committee passed a sense of the Committee resolution on the issue of discriminatory clubs. The resolution stated that discrimination at clubs where business is conducted and which intentionally exclude women and minorities is ``invidious'' and ``conflicts with the appearance of impartiality required of persons who may serve in the federal judiciary.'' The Committee's resolution that was adopted on August 2, 1990, provides a bright-line rule for public officials. It defines the clubs at issue as those where members bring business clients or professional associates to the club for conferences, meetings, meals, or use of the facilities. Spruce Creek meets this definition. It is also obviously a place where contacts valuable for business purposes, employment and professional advancement are formed. The Club, by arbitrarily and intentionally excluding women from membership, practices invidious discrimination as defined by the Senate Judiciary Committee. Public officials should not have to be told repeatedly not to belong to clubs that discriminate.  All judges, no matter how popular, have a solemn obligation to ``avoid the appearance of impropriety in all activities,'' under both the Judicial Conference's Code of Conduct for United States Judges and the ABA's model code. That is because, in the words of those codes, ``Public confidence in the judiciary is eroded by irresponsible or improper conduct by judges. A judge must avoid all impropriety and appearance of impropriety. A judge must expect to be the subject of constant public scrutiny. A judge must therefore accept restrictions on the judge's conduct that might be viewed as burdensome by the ordinary citizen and should do so freely and willingly.''  This prohibition applies ``to both the professional and personal conduct of a judge.'' The Judiciary Committee's club resolution similarly sets a high standard of conduct for Federal judges in their personal conduct with regard to club memberships and association. Judge Smith has failed in those obligations. He may very well be a nice person and courteous to women litigants in his courtroom, but that does not excuse him from following the ethical rules that govern his conduct as a lifetime appointee to the Federal courts. Ethical rules apply to all judges equally, regardless of popularity.  Judge Smith had an obligation to resign from the Spruce Creek Rod and Gun Club, both by virtue of his promise to the Senate and because of his responsibilities under the ethical codes, and he failed to do so in a timely fashion. His conduct should not be rewarded with a promotion.  I would also like to set the record straight on one final related point. Supporters of Judge Smith have referenced President Jimmy Carter visiting the Club. According to Carter's memoirs, however, one time in the late 1970s President Carter and the First Lady were invited by the ``Spruce Creek Hunting and Fishing Club for a day of fishing on a portion of their leased stream.'' That day, they met the man who actually owned that parcel of land and thereafter they visited and stayed at his farm, not the Club. The chapter in his book called ``Spruce Creek'' relates to the creek, not the Club. There is no evidence that President Carter has ever endorsed the Club's intentional, invidious discrimination against women.  Judge Smith failed to recuse himself promptly from conflicts of interest. I am also concerned about Judge Smith's late recusal, or disqualification, in two cases involving his substantial financial investments. According to two distinguished professors of legal ethics, Professor Gillers and Professor Friedman, Judge Smith also violated ethical rules due to his late recusal from the Black cases, a 1997 investment fraud case and a related 1999 criminal case. This is because it is undisputably true that Judge Smith and his wife had substantial investments (valued at between $200,000 and $500,000 together) in the bank or holding company that faced significant financial liability in those cases and because his wife also worked at the bank.  In one of those cases, Judge Smith waited five months to recuse himself. In the other case, he waited about a week to recuse himself after realizing that the bank was involved, but he issued significant orders in the intervening period. In both cases, Judge Smith revealed only his wife's employment at the bank to the lawyers in the cases. He never disclosed their substantial financial investments to the lawyers in either the civil or the criminal case. Judge Smith contends that he was not required to recuse himself but did so only in ``an abundance of caution.'' He also contends, basically, that nobody was harmed by his late recusal.  In the opinions of two ethics experts, however, Judge Smith was required to recuse himself from any case in which the judge or his spouse has any interest that could be substantially affected by the outcome of the case, in accordance with the rules passed by Congress in 28 U.S.C. Sec.  455 (a) and (b) (4), and with cases of the Supreme Court and Third Circuit. These rules against conflicts of interest, which are intended ``to avoid even the appearance of partiality,'' are largely self-enforcing. Parties may not know that a judge has substantial financial investments affected by the case and may not move to disqualify a judge unless the judge fully discloses such information. Judge Smith, again reading ethical rules narrowly, did notdo so. Such facts do not give one confidence in his conduct on the bench.  I do think this Senate should take seriously a lifetime appointee's failure to follow ethical rules, in this area and others, such as discriminatory club membership. It is problematic to confirm someone to the Court of Appeals who would read the ethical obligations so narrowly. This is especially so because, under the structure of the Federal courts, it is the circuit court judges who preside over ethics complaints against lower federal judges. I do not think those who read such rules narrowly should be elevated and given that special responsibility.  Judge Smith's remarks as a Federal District Court judge: Another troubling area is Judge Smith's insensitive and activist speeches. A number of these remarks call into question Judge Smith's judgment and fairness. For example, as a sitting federal judge he has given speeches in which he calls ``legal spam'' cases that affect the rights of ordinary Americans, such as cases involving their financial security, social security appeals, pension plan collection cases, and bankruptcy appeals. Such a characterization is shocking for its insensitivity to the importance of such cases to the individuals seeking a fair hearing of their claims in federal court. It calls into question how seriously Judge Smith has taken his oath as judge to administer justice to all persons equally and to ``do equal right to the poor and to the rich.''  Judge Smith also spoke out in favor of parties being required to pay each other's costs in responding to discovery requests. That idea--like the idea of requiring the loser in a case to pay the winner's expenses, which he also endorsed has been widely rejected because it would impose significant financial burdens on individuals suing corporations, for example, for personal injuries caused by a defective product. Such a rule could make it impossible for individuals to pursue legitimate grievances for which Congress has provided a federal court forum.  Another concern is Judge Smith's speeches to conservative ideological groups in which he basically gives advisory opinions about the constitutionality of federal statutes. For example, in 1993, as a sitting judge, he gave a far-reaching speech to the Federalist Society in which he advised the audience that the proposed Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) was unconstitutional. He said this landmark legislation could not be justified as within the power of the federal government. He was also very critical of Congress's extensive findings of fact in VAWA, calling them a ``promiscuous invocation of the Commerce Clause.'' This lack of deference and respect to the legislative findings of a co-equal branch of government is troubling.  Judge Smith told the Federalist Society his own principles for deciding such cases: ``First, ask whether the subject matter is within the power of the national government by express delegation in the text of the [C]onstitution, or impliedly through a historically honest reading of the necessary and proper clause. If not stop!'' Such a subjectively narrow reading of the Constitution could ostensibly result in the overturning of many laws intended to protect the rights of individuals. He assured the Senate at his recent hearing that he would not read the Constitution so narrowly if he were promoted, but in 1988 he also assured the Senate that he would resign from a discriminatory club the following year, a promise he did not keep. I am not sure his assurances on the important issue of the scope of Congressional power should be credited now.  Similarly, Judge Smith gave a speech at the 1997 National Convention of the Federalist Society on ``The Federalization of Criminal Law.'' In it he criticized the invocation of federal jurisdiction via the Commerce Clause in a ``routine'' car bombing case under 18 U.S.C. Sec.  844, as well as the ``rape-shield'' amendments to the Federal Rules of Evidence which generally bars evidence of a rape victim's sexual history. Judge Smith took issue with federal intrusion into these areas of the law, stating that using that statute in car bombing cases and rules like the rape-shield rule reflect ``elitism: a mind set on the part of Congress and some federal prosecutors that the state court systems can't be trusted to `get it right' . . . never mind the text of the Constitution.'' Such statements are unsettling. It seems as though Judge Smith has a deep distrust that Congress does not follow the Constitution, despite the precedent that requires judges to give congressional enactments a presumption of constitutionality.  Judge Smith has also written an article endorsing an idea he calls ``benign judicial activism'' in which a judge intervenes early in a case to help reach a speedy and just resolution. While this idea has superficial appeal, in practice this approach may not be so benign. In about half of Judge Smith's more than 50 reversals, the Third Circuit reversed his decisions either to grant summary judgment in whole or in part to defendants in civil cases or to dismiss plaintiffs' complaints with prejudice. In a number of such reversals which span his years on the bench the Third Circuit took issue with his early intervention in cases in ways that denied plaintiffs the opportunity to have their cases adjudicated or tried on the merits. Thus, the Court of Appeals to which Judge Smith is now nominated has repeatedly reversed decisions of his which improvidently granted summary judgment or dismissals in favor of civil defendants, often big, corporate defendants. This pattern, combined with his speeches and conduct, raises concern.  Judge Smith's participation in seminars at resorts paid for by special interests is problematic. Another area of concern is that Judge Smith has attended a large number of educational seminars funded by corporations and groups with an interest in interpreting the law a particular way, in a politically or ideologically conservative way favoring corporate interests. As a sitting federal judge, Judge Smith has spent more than 72 days on junkets at luxury resorts on trips valued at more than $37,000 which were funded by corporations and conservative special interest groups. Judge Smith has taken three trips to seminars funded by the Foundation for Research on Economics and the Environment (FREE), which promotes ``free market environmentalism,'' opposes environmental regulations, and gives lectures on topics like ``Liberty and the Environment: A Case for Principled Judicial Activism.'' He has also taken nine trips funded by the Law and Economics Center (LEC), which is affiliated with George Mason Law School and which sponsors seminars with anti-regulatory bent on topics like ``Misconceptions about Environmental Pollution and Cancer.''  My colleague on the Senate Judiciary Committee, Senator Feingold, has spent a great deal of time trying to address the problem of these junkets. The current ethical rules do not clearly prohibit such judicial education seminars at luxury resorts paid for by special interests, and it is difficult for outsiders to obtain information about who is really footing the bill. According to one report, however, Judge Smith has presided over at least two dozen cases involving corporations that funded LEC and he is one of the most frequent fliers to such seminars. I do think it is difficult to maintain the appearance of impartiality under such circumstances. It is axiomatic that judges must be perceived as fair and impartial, and actually be so, for our system of justice to work. I am troubled by Judge Smith's insensitivity to such matters.  Judge Smith's reversals for dismissing plaintiffs' claims: I am also concerned about the unsettling anti-plaintiff pattern in Judge Smith's judicial decisions. Judge Smith's published and unpublished decisions reveal numerous instances in which he has been more solicitous to corporations than to plaintiffs and pro se litigants. Judge Smith has been reversed by the Third Circuit dozens of times for denying plaintiffs the opportunity to try the merits of their cases. In cases involving personal injuries, toxic torts, employee rights, and civil rights claims by prisoners, Judge Smith has been reversed for improvidently granting defendants' motions for summary judgment, prematurely dismissing plaintiffs' complaints, and inappropriately denying motions for injunctive relief without giving the plaintiffs a hearing.  Overall, Judge Smith has been reversed 51 times, including 18 unpublished reversals, in 14 years. In contrast, Judge Pickering was reversed 28 times in 11 years and Judge Barrington Parker, one of President Bush's nominees who was confirmed last fall, wasreversed nine times in 11 years on the district court bench. The Third Circuit's reversals suggest that Judge Smith's political philosophy greatly influences the outcome in cases before him. Of the many problematic reversals and published, as well as unpublished, decisions of Judge Smith on the district court, three are particularly illustrative of his approach to claims of plaintiffs, but there are many others that raise concerns.  In Metzgar v. Playskool, 30 F.3d 459 (3d Cir. 1994), for example, three Reagan appointees reversed Judge Smith's dismissal by summary judgment to the corporate defendant that had been sued for the death of a 15-month-old child who choked on a wooden block marketed without a warning label. Judge Smith granted summary judgment to the corporation on his theory that choking is an obvious danger and therefore no express warning was necessary. The Third Circuit was ``troubled'' by Judge Smith's analysis and his reliance on flawed statistics. The appellate court concluded that Judge Smith should have given the jury a chance to consider whether the blocks were so obviously dangerous that no specific warning was needed for parents of toddlers.  In Wicker v. Consolidated Rail Corporation, 143 F.3d 690 (3d Cir. 1998), Judge Smith was reversed for granting summary judgment to an employer sued under the Federal Employees Liability Act (FELA) for injuries caused by exposure to toxic solvents, degreasers and paints illegally dumped and buried by the employer. Smith granted the corporation's motion for summary judgment on the ground that the workers had signed a release settling prior, unrelated injury claims against the railroad. The Third Circuit reversed and held that FELA was intended to protect workers in these situations and that the releases seized on by Smith were invalid.  In Brown v. Borough of Mahaffey, 35 F.3d 846 (3d Cir. 1994), Judge Smith improvidently granted summary judgment to a city that refused to allow the plaintiff and his Pentecostal ministry access to tent revival meetings in violation of their rights under the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment. The city had intentionally locked a recently-erected gate to impede access to the Christian revival meetings. Judge Smith concluded erroneously that these actions, even if manifesting anti-Christian bias, did not constitute a substantial burden on the exercise of their religion. The Third Circuit reversed, holding that Judge Smith's analysis was ``inappropriate for a free exercise claim involving intentional burdening of religious exercise'' because ``[a]pplying such a burden test to non-neutral government actions would make petty harassment of religious institutions and exercise immunity from the protection of the First Amendment.'' The Third Circuit completely disagreed with Judge Smith's hostile decision in which he stated that the plaintiff's ``invocation of the First Amendment provisions guaranteeing religious liberty in so glaring a piece of spiteful litigation is insulting to the principles protected by that constitutional amendment.'' I was shocked by Judge Smith's rough and disrespectful treatment of the legitimate claims of people of faith in this case.  This unsettling pattern created by Judge Smith's judicial decisions, his high level of participation in right wing, special interest-funded junkets, his activist and insensitive speeches, his late recusal in cases involving his substantial financial interests, and his very belated resignation from a discriminatory club create a very unfavorable impression. Judge Smith's defense to each of these significant problems seems to be that he actually is a fair judge despite the appearance that he is not. I am not convinced that his record warrants a promotion to a higher court.  Judge Smith's cramped and self-serving approach to the ethical rules that are supposed to govern federal judges is particularly troubling. He seems to think he is above the rules. His actual record of conduct on and off the bench creates a negative impression that is not reflected in Judge Smith's apparent popularity among his friends. I have no doubt that Judge Smith is an intelligent and charismatic person. What his record as a whole, not just as a colleague or friend, calls into question is his sensitivity, his fairness, his impartiality and his judgment. It calls into question how seriously he has taken his promises and assurances to the Senate in the past and recently, as well as how seriously he has taken his oath as judge to administer justice to all persons equally and to do equal right to the poor and to the rich. The record Judge Smith's own record of performance as a federal judge over these past 14 years does not merit his promotion to one of the highest courts in the land. Based on that record, I will vote against confirmation.  My good friend from Utah is waiting patiently. I withhold the remainder of my time.  