President, the Senate Judiciary Committee moved expeditiously to consider Judge Henry Autrey as it has with so many of President Bush's judicial nominees. We have done so despite the poor treatment of President Clinton's nominees by the Republicans when they were in the majority from 1995 through the first half of 2001.  The vacancy being filled by this nomination is special. This is the vacancy that Justice Ronnie White should have been confirmed to fill. But on October 5, 1999, Republicans marched from their closed-door meeting to vote lockstep against Justice Ronnie White. This, even though he had been favorably reported twice by the Judiciary Committee with the apparent backing of from four and seven of the Republicans who served on the committee.  I remember the treatment of Ronnie White very well, as do people in Missouri, I am sure. I recall the efforts made by Gov. Mel Carnahan on Justice White's behalf and how hard I had to work as the ranking Democrat to get his nomination reported to the floor, not once but twice, and to secure a floor vote after the nomination had been pending 2 years and had been pending on the Senate Executive Calendar for 9 months.  It has now been been almost 5 years since anyone nominated to the Federal district court in Missouri has been confirmed. The vacancy to which Judge Autrey has been nominated has been vacant even longer--since December 1996, when the late Judge Gunn took senior status. President Clinton nominated Missouri Supreme Court Judge Ronnie White to this vacancy in June 1997. He had to wait nearly a year for a hearing, until May 1998. The committee reported the nomination favorably to the Senate with only three negative votes of the 18 members of the committee. But his nomination sat waiting for a full Senate vote, and, having never received one, was sent back to President Clinton at the end of the 105th Congress after languishing for 6 months on the Senate floor without action.  The President renominated Justice White in January of 1999. He was voted out of the committee a second time in July with at least four of the Republicans on the committee in apparent support of the nomination. After a great deal of effort on the part of Democratic Senators, I thought we had secured for him a fair floor vote. Instead, on October 5, 1999, the Republican-controlled Senate ambushed Justice White's nomination for partisan gain. As is by now a well-known story, Ronnie White was the victim of a sneak attack on that day. He was defeated on an unprecedented party-line Senate vote and was branded ``pro-criminal.'' These issues were aired during the confirmation hearing of John Ashcroft last year. Senator Specter, to his credit, offered an apology to Justice White for the way he was treated.  When there is so much unfair criticism of the way Majority Leader Daschle and I have been handling nominations since the change in Senate control last July, I mention this to help contrast the treatment of judicial nominees by Democrats and Republicans. As I have said from the outset, the Democratic majority is treating President Bush's nominees more fairly and moving more of them more quickly than the Republican majority acted with respect to President Clinton's nominees. That is undeniable and today, in yet another example of the stark contrast in our approaches and our actions, we will join to confirm Judge Autrey to the Federal bench in Missouri.  I commend, in particular, Senator Carnahan for her support of the fair treatment of Judge Autrey, despite the unfair way Justice White had been treated. Her actions underscore for us what we all know about her that she is a person of character and grace, willing to work on a bipartisan basis in the best interests of the State of Missouri.  With today's vote on the nomination of Judge Henry Autrey to the District Court for the Western District of Missouri, the Democratic-led Senate will have confirmed a total of 65 judicial nominees since the change in Senate majority 1 year ago. The Senate has now confirmed more nominees in a little more than 1 year than were confirmed in any year during the past 6\1/2\ years of Republican control of the Senate, from 1995 through 2001. For that matter, we have confirmed more judges than were confirmed in 1996 and 1997 combined. Contrast the 65 judges confirmed by the Democratic Senate with the Republican average, during their past 6\1/2\ years of control, of confirming only 38 judges a year.  I congratulate the nominee and his family on his confirmation today and commend Senator Carnahan and Majority Leader Daschle for all they have done to bring us to this day.  