President, I am pleased today to introduce legislation to permit current and retired Federal, State and local law enforcement officers to carry a concealed firearm, the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act of 2002. I am pleased that Senators Hatch, Baucus, Domenici, Cleland, McConnell, and Sessions are joining me as original cosponsors in this effort to make our communities safer and to protect law enforcement officers and their families.  I am introducing this companion measure to H.R. 218 at the request of the Fraternal Order of Police, which strongly supports this legislation to protect officers and their families from vindictive criminals and to permit officers to respond immediately to a crime when off duty. Many of my friends in the law enforcement community believe that national legislation is necessary due to the patchwork of conceal-carry laws in State and local jurisdictions, and that off-duty and retired officers should be permitted to carry their firearms across state and other jurisdictional lines.  Our bipartisan bill will allow thousands of equipped, trained and certified law enforcement officers continually to serve and protect our communities, regardless of jurisdiction, at no cost to taxpayers. This bill is designed to promote better law enforcement and improved public safety.  Our legislation would permit qualified law enforcement officers and qualified retired law enforcement officers across the nation to carry concealed firearms in most situations. The bill, however, preserves any State law that permits citizens from restricting a concealed firearm on private property and preserves any State law that restricts the possession of a firearm on State or local government property. While I support this approach to strike a proper balance between providing law enforcement officers with the uniformity in the law needed to protect public safety, I still have some federalism concerns about the legislation. I look forward to working with my colleagues as the bill moves through the legislative process to further preserve essential rights of the states.  To qualify for the bill's uniform standards a law enforcement officer must be authorized to use a firearm by the law enforcement agency where he or she works, be in good standing with that agency, and meet any standards established by that agency to regularly qualify to use a firearm. A qualified retired law enforcement officer under the bill must have retired in good standing, been employed at least five years as a law enforcement officer unless forced to retire due to a service-related injury, have a non-forfeitable right to benefits under the law enforcement agency's retirement plan, and annually complete a State-approved firearms training course. As a result, our bipartisan legislation maintains the State or local jurisdiction's power to determine whether a law enforcement officer or retired law enforcement officer is qualified in the use of a firearm.  Representative Randy Cunningham introduced a similar bill in the House, H.R. 218, which has garnered more than 250 bipartisan cosponsors. In 1999, the House of Representatives adopted similar legislation, by a vote of 372-53, as a floor amendment during its gun safety debate before the overall legislation was defeated. I applaud my colleagues in the other legislative body for such strong bipartisan showing of support for this legislation.  As a former state prosecutor, I know that law enforcement officers are never ``off-duty.'' They are dedicated public servants trained to uphold the law and keep the peace. When there is a threat to the peace or to our public safety, law enforcement officers are sworn to answer that call. Our legislation enables law enforcement officers across the country to be armed and prepared when they answer that call, no matter where or when it comes.  I urge my colleagues to support the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act to make our communities safer and to protect law enforcement officers and their families.  