President, I thank Chairman Sarbanes for his leadership on this impressive bill and on the conference agreement. The then-Congressman Sarbanes was one of the first people I met when I came to Washington as an elected Member of this body. We have been friends from that time forward. I have been so pleased to work with him.  I am proud that the conference agreement includes and adopts the provisions of the Leahy-McCain amendment,which the Senate adopted by a 97-to-0 vote--again, with the strong help and support of the Senator from Maryland.  These provisions are nearly identical to the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act, which I introduced with Majority Leader Daschle and others in February. It was reported unanimously by the Senate Judiciary Committee in April.  The Presiding Officer helped get this through the Judiciary Committee. The Leahy-McCain amendment provides new crimes with tough criminal penalties to restore accountability and transparency in our markets. It accomplishes this in three ways: No. 1. It punishes criminals who commit corporate fraud. No. 2. It preserves evidence that can prove corporate fraud. No. 3. It protects victims of corporate fraud.  As a former prosecutor, I know nothing focuses one's attention on the question of morality like seeing steel bars closing on them for a number of years because of what they did.  The conference report includes a tough new crime of securities fraud which will cover any scheme or artifice to defraud investors. We added the longer jail term of the other body.  There are three key provisions of the Senate-passed bill that were not in the recently passed House bill but are now in the conference agreement. I think they are truly an essential part of a comprehensive reform measure. First, we extend the statute of limitations in securities fraud cases. In many of the State pension funds cases, the current short statute has barred fraud victims from seeking recovery for Enron's misdeeds in 1997 and 1998. For example, Washington State's policemen, firefighters, and teachers were blocked from recovery of nearly $50 million in Enron investments by the short statute of limitations. That is why the last two SEC Chairmen--one a Republican and the other a Democrat--endorsed a longer short statute of limitations to provide victims with a fair chance to recoup their losses.  Secondly, we include meaningful protections for corporate whistleblowers, as passed by the Senate. We learned from Sherron Watkins of Enron that these corporate insiders are the key witnesses that need to be encouraged to report fraud and help prove it in court. Enron wanted to silence her as a whistleblower because Texas law would allow them to do it. Look what they were doing on this chart. There is no way we could have known about this without that kind of a whistleblower. Look at this. They had all these hidden corporations--Jedi, Kenobi, Chewco, Big Doe--I guess they must have had ``little doe''--Yosemite, Cactus, Ponderosa, Raptor, Braveheart. I think they were probably watching too many old reruns when they put this together. The fact is, they were hiding hundreds of millions of dollars of stockholders' money in their pension funds. The provisions Senator Grassley and I worked out in Judiciary Committee make sure whistleblowers are protected.  Third, we include new anti-shredding crimes and the requirement that corporate audit documents be preserved for 5 years with a 10 year maximum penalty for willful violations. Prosecutors cannot prove their cases without evidence. As the Andersen case showed, instead of just incorporating the loopholes from existing crimes and raising the penalties, we need tough new provisions that will make sure key documents do not get shredded in the first place.  It only takes a minute to warm up the shredder, but it can take years for prosecutors and victims to prove a case.  The conference report also maintains almost identical provisions to those authored by Senator Biden and approved unanimously by the Senate. These include enhanced criminal penalties for pension fraud, mail fraud, wire fraud, and a new crime for certifying false financial reports. As chairman of the Judiciary's Subcommittee on Crime and Drugs, Senator Biden deserves praise for his leadership of these issues.  It is time for action--decisive and comprehensive reforms that will restore confidence and accountability in our public markets for the millions of Americans whose economic security is threatened by corporate greed.  We cannot stop greed, but we can keep greed from succeeding.  We have seized this moment to make a good beginning to fashion protections for corporate fraud victims, preserve evidence of corporate crimes and hold corporate wrongdoers accountable. We have much to do to help repair the breaches of trust that have so shattered confidence in our markets and market information. We have made a good start today toward restoring that confidence but more will be needed. In addition we will need swift and strong enforcement actions and good faith administration of the reform set forth in our conference report. Our conference is concluding but our work is just beginning.  Again, I thank the Senator from Maryland.  