Let me say this, in the remaining 3 minutes.  It doesn't have to be this way. We are moving far more rapidly than the Republicans did when they were in charge and President Clinton was President.  We have had a lot that has gone on in the past few months. I have not used the events and aftermath of September 11 as an excuse but have instead continued to hold hearings and votes on judicial nominees. Some of the Republican special interest groups pooh-pooh the fact that we even would refer to the events of September 11. They allow it as a justification for many things and an excuse for everybody else but not for the Judiciary Committee. Well, we have not made excuses. Instead, we build a good record.  We actually had to put together an antiterrorism bill during that time, which we did, one which the President certainly felt good about. He praised me and Senator Hatch for our work on that.  We had to do that. We had this building that we are in right now emptied because of an anthrax scare. Most of our staffs, Republican and Democratic, are in the Dirksen and Hart Buildings. That was vacated for a period of time because of anthrax. The Hart Building was vacated for a very considerable period of time.  I was one of those who received an anthrax letter designed to kill me, as was Senator Daschle. Me and my staff--it turns out there was enough anthrax to kill an awful lot more people than that. So this has not been a usual year.  But as I pointed out in the charts earlier, in the 9 months the Democrats have controlled this committee, we have done more than during any comparable period during the time when the Republicans controlled the committee.  I am assuming--and I pray--this country will not face something similar to September 11 again. I assume and I pray that our Capitol will not face something like that again.  I take a moment to applaud the brave men and women of our Capitol Police and the work of our Secretary of the Senate and Sergeant at Arms in protecting us up here.  I have talked with the White House about one simple procedure they could do without giving up any of their rights or any of their privileges. One simple procedure they could do, which would take 4 or 5 weeks off many judicial nominations. They could potentially be able to go to hearing 4, 5, or 6 weeks faster if the White House would simply speeding up the process of getting all the paperwork and the reviews done and getting them up here.  Those are things that can be done.  Mr. President, how much time remains?  