 I am proud to call Ted Kennedy a colleague, a friend, a mentor and a neighbor. I arrived in the Senate as the most junior member in 1974. Ted Kennedy, only a few years my senior, had already been in the Senate for 12 years. He generously provided me with guidance on everything from policy matters to committee selections.  Over the course of his career Ted Kennedy has championed the cause of those Americans living on the margins; those individuals in our society who for whatever reasons are denied basic human necessities like safe housing, nourishing food, a steady income, or access to health care.  His dedication over the past decades has been unwavering, and as we see every day here in the Senate, continues to be unwavering.  Ted and I have worked together on many issues over the years. In fact we still serve together on the Judiciary Committee, which he preceded me in chairing at one time.  Whether it is in supporting heating assistance for low-income people, so essential to surviving the cold winters that we experience in New England, or in championing nutrition programs, I have always admired Ted's knowledge of the issues, and his tenacity in pursuing that which he believes is right.  Through his service on the Health, Education and Labor Committee, whether as ranking member, or chairman, Ted Kennedy has continually strived to improve Americans' access to health care with the hope that one day no American will be without the basic services that so many of us take for granted.  He has fought to improve the education of our children, with the knowledge that a good education is the basic building block to their future success, reducing the chances of living in poverty by ensuring access to quality employment.  And he has consistently advocated on behalf of the worker, with the understanding that no person should have to work 40 hours a week and still live in poverty.  I have valued the time that I have served with Ted Kennedy in the Senate. Over this period, hundreds of Senators have had the privilege of serving their Nation and the people of their state, but few members have achieved the distinction of truly making an impact on the lives of millions of Americans.  Ted Kennedy has done that and oftentimes for those Americans who do not have a powerful voice in Washington.  Several years ago, the Washington Post Magazine had a story about Ted Kennedy that entitled him the ``King of the Senate.'' Our Founding Fathers tossed off the shackles of the monarchy over 200 years ago but it was an appropriate acknowledgement that Ted Kennedy is a lion at the gate protecting the interests of working class Americans.  Mr. McCAIN. Madam President, I extend my very best birthday wishes to the very senior Senator from the great Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Of course, he has become even more senior now that he is entering his eighth decade. I am certain, however, that he will find that life has become even more enjoyable as it is leavened with wisdom.  Senator Kennedy is also entering his fifth decade in the U.S. Senate. Through dogged work and passionate beliefs, he has truly become one of the giants in this great institution. Agree or disagree with Senator Kennedy, but appreciate his effectiveness. I am a Republican and he is a liberal Democrat. But I can attest to his dogged determination to achieve results across the barriers of ideology and party. Whether he's fighting for the rights of patients or to make our schools better, Senator Kennedy never gives up on issues he deeply cares about.  I am pleased to have the opportunity to wish Ted Kennedy a hearty happy birthday and thank him on behalf of a grateful Nation for his lifelong service to our country. I am privileged to call him my colleague and, above all, my friend.  