President, I begin by thanking the nominees' home State Senators for working with us on this nomination and by commending the majority leader and our assistant majority leader for bringing this matter to successful conclusion today.  I also want to thank Senator Cantwell for chairing the hearing in January that laid the groundwork for today's confirmation of Judge Michael Melloy as a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. That confirmation hearing was held on the second day of this session of Congress and was the twelfth confirmation hearing for judicial nominees since the majority shifted last summer. Judge Melloy and the five district court nominees included in the hearing that Senator Cantwell chaired are the first judicial nominees to receive a confirmation hearing during January since at least 1995.  Those nominees were all promptly considered by the committee at our business meeting last Thursday and, today, due to that unusually fast start by the committee, Judge Melloy's nomination is being considered by the Senate for final action.  Last year I noticed our first judicial nominations hearing within 10 minutes of the Senate being permitted to reorganize. We held that first hearing last session on the day after committee members were assigned. In fact, during the past 7 months we have held 12 hearings involving judicial nominees. That is more hearings involving judicial nominees than were held in all of 1996, 1997, 1999 or 2000 and a more rapid pace than in either 1995 or 1998. Unlike the preceding six and one-half years in which no hearings were held in 30 of the months, since the Committee has reorganized last summer, we have held at least one hearing for judicial nominees every month. In fact, we held two in July, two unprecedented hearings during last summer's August recess, two in December and three in October. With the hearing at which Judge Melloy appeared, we now have held at least one hearing for judicial nominees every month since we were permitted to reorganize last summer after I became chairman of the committee and the Democrats became the majority party in the Senate.  Judge Melloy's confirmation fills a judicial emergency vacancy. That seat on the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, which includes eight States--Iowa, Arkansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota--has been vacant since May 1, 1999. I recall that it was not so long ago, in 2000, when the Senate was under Republican control, that another nominee to this very seat on the Eighth Circuit, Bonnie Campbell, did not receive the courtesy of a vote by the committee following the hearing on her nomination. She did not receive a vote due to the previous policy of allowing anonymous holds to be placed on nominees, even though in her case, both of her home State Senators, one a Democrat and the other a Republican, supported her nomination. Bonnie Campbell, the former Attorney General of Iowa, did not receive the courtesy of a vote, up or down, during the 382 days between her nomination by President Clinton and the time that the Bush Administration withdrew her name.  In contrast, we moved expeditiously to consider and report Judge Melloy's nomination to the Eighth Circuit. He participated in the first confirmation hearing this year, and his nomination was favorably reported by the Committee last week, during the first full week of this session. Judge Melloy's confirmation will eliminate the judicial emergency vacancy in that circuit caused, in part, by the committee's failure to act on Bonnie Campbell's nomination when Republicans controlled the Senate and the confirmation process.  Since the change in majority last summer, we have already moved ahead to confirm another new member of the Eighth Circuit. Judge Melloy will join Judge William J. Riley of Nebraska as the second judge considered and confirmed to the Eighth Circuit since thesummer. Both nominees were supported by well-respected home-state Senators from both parties.  Judge Melloy will be the seventh Court of Appeals nomination confirmed by the Senate in the last seven months. That is seven more Court of Appeals judges than a Republican majority confirmed in the 1996 session, and as many as were confirmed in all of 1997 and in all of 1999.  During our consideration of Judge Melloy's nomination to be elevated to the Eighth Circuit, we learned that Judge Melloy has a reputation for decisions that are fair, well-reasoned and well-written, without editorial comment or ideological bent. Judge Melloy was nominated to the Northern District of Iowa in 1992 by President George H.W. Bush and confirmed by the Senate. He previously served for six years as a United States Bankruptcy Judge for the Northern District of Iowa. While serving on the District Court for these past 9\1/2\ years, Judge Melloy also sat by designation on the Eighth Circuit on several occasions and wrote a number of appellate opinions.  I congratulate the nominee and his family on his confirmation today.  With today's confirmation, the Senate will have confirmed five additional judges since returning late last month. The Senate will have confirmed 33 judges since the change in majority last summer. More than one-quarter of the judges confirmed have been for judicial emergency vacancies, nine so far. Unfortunately, the White House has yet to work with many home-state Senators to send nominees for 14 other judicial emergency vacancies.  I am working to hold another confirmation hearing for judicial nominations, as well, before the end of February, even though it is a short month with a week's recess. The Committee has not held two hearings in the month of February in four years, since 1998.  I noted on January 25 in my statement to the Senate that we inherited a frayed process and are working hard to repair the damage of the last several years. I have already laid out a constructive program of suggestions that would help in that effort and help return the confirmation process to one that is a cooperative, bipartisan effort. I have included suggestions for the White House, that it work with Democrats as well as Republicans, that it encourage rather than forestall the use of bipartisan selection commissions, that it consider carefully the views of home State Senators. Working together, we can make significant progress in filling judicial vacancies.  