He is the 73rd judicial nominee of President George W. Bush to be confirmed by the Senate since July 20 last year. With today's vote, the Democratic-led Senate has already exceeded the number of circuit and district court nominees confirmed in the last 30 months of Republican control of the Senate, when 72 judges were confirmed in those 2\1/2\ years. Democrats have done more than Republicans did in less than half the time.  It is revealing that Republicans, with all of their misleading statistics, consistently fail to compare their actual results during their most recent period of control of the Senate with the progress we have made since the shift in the Senate majority. They do not want to compare their own record over the prior 6\1/2\ years with our record of accomplishment in evaluating judicial nominees. They do not want to own up to their delay and inaction on scores of judicial nominees during the last administration. During the period of Republican control of the Senate, judicial vacancies rose from 63 to 110. Since the change in majority, the Democratic Senate has worked hard to help fill 73 of those vacancies.  All too often the only claim that we hear about the Republican record is that President Clinton ultimately appointed 377 judges, five fewer than President Reagan. Our Republican critics try to obscure the fact that only 245 of those district and circuit court judges were confirmed in the 6\1/2\ years that the Republican majority controlled the pace of Senate hearings and consideration. That averages only 38 confirmations per year. Over an 8-year period that would have yielded 304 confirmations. In fact, the Republican majority over the last 6 years of the Clinton administration produced on average only 58 percent of the confirmations achieved during the first 2 years of that administration.  As of today, the Democratic majority in the Senate has acted to confirm 73 judges, including 13 nominees to the circuit courts. We have proceeded to almost double the confirmation rates of the former Republican majority. We have done more in less than 15 months then they achieved in their last 30 months in the majority.  The reason Republicans do not want to talk about their record and compare apples to apples is because this truth does not fit comfortably with the myth of obstruction by Democrats that they have been working so hard to disseminate for their own partisan purposes. This situation reminds me of a quote by Adlai Stevenson, who said ``I have been thinking that I would make a proposition to my Republican friends . . . that if they will stop telling lies about the Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about them.'' Unfortunately, the persistence of the myth of inaction in the face of such a clear record of progress on judicial vacancies by Democrats makes me worry that Republicans are following the cynical observation that a lie told often enough becomes viewed as the truth. I am confident that Americans understand that Democrats have been fairer to this President's judicial nominees than Republicans were to his predecessor's nominees.  Today's vote is another example. The Senate has acted quickly on this nomination to the District Court in Pennsylvania. Mr. McVerry was nominated in January, received his ABA peer review in March, participated in a hearing in June, and he was reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee in July. The Judiciary Committee has held hearings for 10 district court nominees from Pennsylvania and the Senate has confirmed nine of them in just five months. There is no State in the Union that has had more Federal judicial nominees confirmed by this Senate than Pennsylvania. I think that the Senate Judiciary Committee and the Senate as a whole have done well by Pennsylvania.  This is in sharp contrast to the way vacancies in Pennsylvania were left unfilled during Republican control of the Senate, particularly regarding nominees in the western half of the State. Despite the best efforts and diligence of my good friend from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, to secure confirmation of all of the judicial nominees from every part of his home State, there were seven nominees by President Clinton to Pennsylvania vacancies who never got a hearing or a vote.  A good example of the contrast between the way the Democrats and Republicans have treated judicial nominees is the case of Judge Legrome Davis, a well qualified and uncontroversial judicial nominee. He was first nominated to the Eastern District of Pennsylvania by President Clinton on July 30, 1998. The Republican-controlled Senate took no action on his nomination and it was returned to the President at the end of 1998. On January 26, 1999, President Clinton renominated Judge Davis for the same vacancy. The Senate again failed to hold a hearing for Judge Davis and his nomination was returned after two more years.  Under Republican leadership, Judge Davis' nomination languished before the Committee for 868 days without a hearing. Unfortunately, Judge Davis was subjected to the kind of inappropriate partisan rancor that befell so many other nominees to the district courts in Pennsylvania during the Republican control of the Senate. This year, the Democratic-led Senate moved expeditiously to consider Judge Davis, and he was confirmed promptly, five weeks after receiving his ABA peer review, without a single negative vote. The saga of Judge Davis recalls for us so many nominees from the period of January 1995 through July 10, 2001, who never received a hearing or a vote and who were the subject of secret, anonymous holds by Republicans for reasons that were never explained.  The hearing we had earlier this year for Judge Joy Conti was the very firsthearing on a nominee to the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania since 1994, despite President Clinton's qualified nominees to that court. It is shocking to me that this was the first hearing on a nominee to that court in eight full years. No nominee to the Western District of Pennsylvania received a hearing during the entire period that Republicans controlled the Senate during the Clinton Administration. One of the nominees to the Western District, Lynette Norton, waited for almost 1,000 days, and she was never given a hearing. Unfortunately, Ms. Norton died earlier this year, having never fulfilled her dream of serving on the Federal bench. With the confirmation of Judge Conti, we confirmed the first nominee to the Western District of Pennsylvania since October of 1994. Despite this history of poor treatment of President Clinton's nominees, the Democratic-led Senate continues to move forward fairly and expeditiously. Terry McVerry is the most recent example of our willingness to proceed in spite of recent Republican obstructionism.  Democrats have reformed the process for considering judicial nominees. For example, we have ended the practice of secretive, anonymous holds that plagued the period of Republican control, when any Republican Senator could hold any nominee from his or her home State, his or her own circuit or any part of the country for any reason, or no reason, without any accountability.  We have returned to the Democratic tradition of regularly holding hearings, every few weeks, rather than going for months without a single hearing. In fact, we have held 23 judicial nominations hearings in our first 12 and one-half months, an average of almost two per month. In contrast, during the 6\1/2\ years of Republican control, during each of 30 months they did not hold a nominations hearing on a single judicial nominee. By holding 23 hearings for 84 of this President's judicial nominees, we have held hearings for more circuit and district court nominees than in 20 of the last 22 years during the Reagan, first Bush, and Clinton administrations. The opposition party would rather not refer to these facts, which debunk Republican myths about who caused the vacancy crisis and delayed judicial appointments.  When the Senate Judiciary Committee reorganized after the change in Senate majority, there were 110 judicial vacancies. That included 33 circuit court vacancies, twice the number that existed when Republicans took over the Judiciary Committee in 1995. During the past 13 and one-half months, another 43 vacancies have arisen, largely due to retirements of past Republican appointees to the courts. If Democrats had, in fact, obstructed judicial nominees, as Republicans so often claim, there would now be 153 vacancies in our Federal courts, not the 80 that currently remain.  We have tried to do our best to address the judicial vacancies problem. We have been able to consider district court nominees more quickly because they have been generally less controversial and ideological than this President's choices for the circuit courts. Not all of the district court nominees we have considered, however, have been without controversy. One of the nominees on whom we have proceeded received a majority ``Not Qualified'' peer review rating from the ABA due to his relative inexperience. Five other district court nominees have received some ``Not Qualified'' votes during the ABA peer reviews. This is despite the fact that the ABA's rating now come after the President has given his imprimatur to the candidate and peers may be chilled from candidly sharing their concerns.  A number of President Bush's district court nominees to lifetime seats on the Federal bench have also been unusually young and have been practicing law for a little more than a decade. Some of them have views with which we strongly disagree. Several of this President's judicial nominees seem to have earned their nominations as members of the Federalist Society. Others have records demonstrating that they are pro-life and will actively undercut women's right to choose. Some have already gone on to issue decisions against the privacy rights of women. Many of this President's district court nominees have been very active in Republican and conservative politics or causes. Still other nominees have been intimately involved in partisan politics or played key roles in Republican fundraising. Today, the Senate is confirming a person whose spouse is employed as the treasurer of Senator Santorum's election campaign.  The Federal district courts matter. They are the courts of first resort, the trial courts where individuals' claims are tried or dismissed. Not everyone can afford the costs of appealing a trial court ruling. Additionally, circuit courts traditionally give great deference to the findings of the lower court that examined the claims and observed witnesses first hand, rather than making new factual findings based on a cold record. Of course, matters of law are reviewed by the circuit courts, and their rulings can have a substantial impact on the development of the law, especially with a Supreme Court that hears fewer than 100 cases per year.  Because we have moved quickly and responsibly on consensus nominees, the number of vacancies is not at the 153 mark it would be at with no action, but is down to 80. On July 10, 2001, with the reorganization of the Senate, we began with 110 vacancies, 77 of which were on the district courts. Despite the large number of additional vacancies that have arisen in the past year, with the 60 district court confirmations we have had as of today, we have reduced district court vacancies to 51. That is almost to the level it was at when Republicans took over the Senate in 1995.  The opposition party dismisses this achievement in a backhanded way, but it is one of the most significant things we have accomplished for the sake of the Federal courts and for litigants in the Federal courts. It has not been easy to process that many district court nominees in little more than one year. We have confirmed more of this President's district court nominees over the past year than in any of the prior 6\1/2\ years of Republican control. Indeed, we have achieved more district court confirmations in the last 13 months than Republicans accomplished in all of 1999 and 2000 combined and more than were confirmed during the last 30 months of Republican majority control of the Senate.  We have had hearings for more of this President's district court nominees than in any year of the Reagan Administration, and he had 6 years of a Senate majority of his own party. Indeed, we have confirmed more of President George W. Bush's district court nominees in these past 13 plus months than were confirmed in any year of his father's presidency and more than were confirmed during his father's first two full years combined.  In contrast to how fairly we have treated this President's Federal court nominees, consider how poorly nominees were treated during the prior 6\1/2\ years of Republican control of the Senate. Some district court nominees waited years and never received a hearing. For example, nine district court nominees from Pennsylvania alone never got hearings, including then Pennsylvania Common Pleas Court Judge Legrome Davis, who was subsequently re-nominated by President Bush and confirmed earlier this year. Four district court nominees from California were never given a hearing by Republicans despite the full support of their home-State Senators. These are just a few examples of Republican obstruction of judicial nominees. In all, more than three dozen of President Clinton's district court nominees never received hearings or votes by Republicans.  Several others received hearings but never were given votes by the Republican-controlled Judiciary Committee. These included six district court nominees, such as Fred Woocher, a California district court nominee and Clarence Sundram from New York. Still others waited hundreds and hundreds of days to be confirmed, such as Judge Susan Oki Mollway of the District Court in Hawaii, whose nomination languished for 913 days before she was confirmed, and Judge Margaret Morrow of the District Court for the Central District of California who waited almost 2 years, 643 days, to be confirmed. Let us not forget Missouri Supreme Court Justice Ronnie White who was delayed twice only to be defeated on the Senate floor, in a sneak attack.Judge White had waited 801 days only to be defeated through character assassination on the floor of the Senate. In all, nearly 60 of President Clinton's judicial nominees were blocked, many in the dark of night through secretive, anonymous holds.  When confronted with their record Republicans often refer to all nominees not getting hearings in 1992. That year, the Senate confirmed more of President George H.W. Bush's judicial nominees than in any year of his presidency and confirmed more judges than in any year in which the Republican majority controlled consideration of President Clinton's nominees. In 1992, 66 judges were confirmed. So, even though some nominations were returned, the Senate in 1992 worked hard to confirm a substantial number, 66, of new judges in the 10 months they were in session during that presidential election year. By contrast, in 1996 when the Republicans were in the Senate majority only 17 judges were confirmed all year and none for the vacancies on the courts of appeals. In 2000, the Republican majority in the Senate confirmed only 39 judges.  When the Senate is working hard to confirm judges, as it was in 1992 and since last summer, it may be understandable that not all nominees can be considered. When, as was the case during the Republican majority, the Senate is averaging only 38 confirmations a year and going months and months without a single hearing, the circumstances are quite different. The Republican majority in their 6\1/2\ years of control of the Senate ensured that they never treated President Clinton's judicial nominees better than the best year of former President Bush's Administration--just as they made sure that President Clinton's total number of judges appointed never reached that of President Reagan. By contrast, the Democratic majority has reversed the downward spiral and has treated this President's nominees more fairly than the Republican majority treated those of the last President.  We have also been confirming this President's judicial nominees at a record pace. Rather than continue the Republican pace of 38 confirmations a year, we have worked hard to do better. We have been so fair to President George W. Bush, despite the past unfairness of Republicans, that if we continue at the current pace of confirmations, President Bush will appoint 227 judges by the end of his term. If this President were to serve two terms like Presidents Reagan and Clinton, he would amass 454 judicial appointments, dramatically shattering President Reagan's all-time record of 382. Some may say we have been foolishly fair, given how Republican treated the nominees of the last Democratic President. But this, too, demonstrates how fair the Democratic Senate majority has been these last 13\1/2\ months.  When we adjourned for the August recess we had given hearings to 91 percent of this President's judicial nominees who had completed their paperwork and who had the support of both of their home-State Senators. That is, 84 of the 92 judicial nominees with completed files had received hearings. Indeed, when we held our last nomination hearing on August 1, we had given hearings to 66 district court nominees and we had run out of district court nominees with completed paperwork and home-State support. Only two district court nominees were eligible for that hearing. This is because the White House changed the process of allowing the ABA to begin its work prior to formal nomination. This unilateral change by the White House has already cost the federal judiciary the chance to have 12 to 15 more district court nominees on the bench and hearing cases these past 13 months. Many more of the two dozen pending nominees may not receive an ABA evaluation in time to be considered by the Senate this year.  On average, the ABA reviews of district court nominees have been received 59 days from the date of nomination. With the recent delays that we have experienced in the time nominees are taking to complete the Committee questionnaire and the changeover in personnel at the ABA, that time may continue to expand in the few weeks remaining to us before the recess in October this year. Thus, even as the White House professes to blame the Senate for not making progress on even more nominees, it continues to do all it can to delay the process due to its unilateral approach.  In January I had proposed a simple procedural fix to allow the ABA evaluation to begin at the same time as the FBI investigation, as was the practice in past Republican and Democratic administrations for 50 years. Then the ABA could be in position to submit its evaluation immediately following the nomination. Had this proposal been accepted, I am confident there would be more than a dozen fewer vacancies in the Federal courts. Instead our efforts to increase cooperation with the White House have been rebuffed. We continue to get the least cooperation from any White House I can recall during my nearly three decades in the Senate.  In spite of the obstacles they have put in the way of their own nominees through their lack of consultation and cooperation, we have been able to have a record-breaking year restoring fairness to the judicial confirmation process. We have been rewarded with nearly constant criticism from the administration and its allies.  White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales dismisses our accomplishments with a terse, one-sentence acknowledgement that Democrats have ``made progress in holding hearings and votes on district court nominees.'' With today's vote, we have already confirmed 60 new Federal trial court judges. That is more than were confirmed in 21 of the past 23 years. We have confirmed more district court nominees in these past 13\1/2\ months than were ever confirmed by the Republican majority during their prior 6\1/2\ years of control of the Senate.  For example, in 1995, the year the Republicans took over the Senate, President Clinton nominated 68 district court candidates, but the Republican controlled Senate held hearings for and confirmed only 45 of those nominees. Republicans would call that 66 percent. In 1996, Republicans confirmed only 17 of the district court nominations pending and, of course no nominees to the circuit courts. That was 50 percent of the district court nominees. In 1997, Republicans allowed only 50 percent of the pending district court nominees to be confirmed. In 1998, they hit their high mark in considering district court nominees and allowed 77 percent to be confirmed. In 1999, they were back down to allowing the confirmation of slightly over half, 58 percent, of the district court nominees to be confirmed. Finally, in 2000, again Republicans allowed only little more than half, or 56 percent, of the pending district court nominees to be confirmed.  In contrast, we have already had hearings for 100 percent of those district court nominees who were eligible for a hearing. We have had hearings for 66 district court nominees, voted 64 of them out of committee and, as of today, 60 of them have been confirmed by the Democratic-led Senate.  I would like to thank the members of the Judiciary Committee who have labored long and hard to evaluate the records of the individuals chosen by this President for lifetime appointments to the Federal courts. The decisions we make after reviewing their records will last well beyond the term of this President and will affect the lives of the individuals whose cases will be heard by these judges and maybe millions of others affected by the precedents of the decisions of these judges.  While the opposition party seeks to attribute the vacancy crisis in the Federal courts to the Democrats, who only recently became the majority party in the Senate, I remain hopeful that the American people will discover the truth behind such partisan accusations. Republicans are trying to take advantage of the vacancies they hoarded while waiting for a Republican President with an ideological approach to judicial nominations. Democrats are trying to clean up the vacancies mess that the Republican majority created. I am proud of the efforts of the Senate to restore fairness to the judicial confirmation process.  The Senate Judiciary Committee is working hard to schedule hearings and votes on the few remaining judicial nominees, but it takes time to deal with a mess of the magnitude we inherited. I think we have done well by the Federal courts and the American people, and we will continue to do our best to ensure that all Americans have access to federal judges who are unbiased,fair-minded individuals with appropriate judicial temperament and who are committed to upholding the Constitution and following precedent. When the President sends judicial candidates who embody these principles, we have tried to move quickly. When he sends controversial nominees whose records demonstrate that they lack these qualities and whose records are lacking, we will necessarily take more time to evaluate their merits.  