President, I am disappointed that at the very last moment, the acceptance of the Drug Competition Act of 2001 as an amendment to ``The Greater Access to Affordable Pharmaceuticals Act,'' S. 812 was withdrawn. This bill, which enjoys the justified support of the administration's antitrust enforcement agencies, would have brought lower-priced generic drugs to the marketplace. Along with Senator Grassley, I have every confidence that this bill would have garnered the overwhelming support of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle and would have benefitted every American purchasing prescription drugs, and am mystified by the reversal of the agreement to accept it. I thank Senator Grassley and Senator Kennedy for their support.  Prescription drug prices are rapidly increasing, and are a source of considerable concern to many Americans, especially senior citizens and families. Generic drug prices can be as much as 80 percent lower than the comparable brand name version. S. 812 is a tremendous effort to improve timely introduction of generic pharmaceuticals into the marketplace, and into our medicine cabinets, and our amendment will provide an important tool in making that effort successful.  While the Drug Competition Act is a small bill in terms of length, it is a large one in terms of impact. It will ensure that law enforcement agencies can take quick and decisive action against companies that are driven more by greed than by good sense. It gives theFederal Trade Commission and the Justice Department access to information about secret deals between drug companies that keep generic drugs off the market. This is a practice that hurts American families, particularly senior citizens, by denying them access to low-cost generic drugs, and further inflating medical costs.  This had been a genuine bipartisan effort, and I must thank all my colleagues, including Senator Hatch who has a long-standing interest in these issues and who has praised S. 754 on the floor in recent days. Also, sub-committee Chairman Kohl has worked with me from the start on this effort, and I particularly want to thank our co-sponsor Senator Grassley, who has worked hard to reach consensus on this bill that will help protect consumers. This bill passed unanimously out of the Judiciary Committee last October, but it has been the subject of an anonymous hold on the floor, presumably unrelated to the merits. Partisan politics should not further delay enactment of this sensible, and universally applauded, bill into law.  In fact, just yesterday the FTC released its long-awaited report on the entry of generic drugs into the pharmaceutical marketplace. The FTC had two recommendations to improve the current situation, to close the loopholes in the law that allow drug manufacturers to manipulate the timing of generics' introduction to the market. One of those recommendations was simply to enact S. 754, as the most effective solution to the problem of ``sweetheart'' deals between brand name and generic drug manufacturers that keep generic drugs off the market, thus depriving consumers of the benefits of quality drugs at lower prices. In short, this bill enjoys the unqualified endorsement of the Republican FTC, which follows on the support by the Clinton Administration's FTC during the initial stages of our formulation of this bill. We can all have every confidence in the common sense approach that S. 754 takes to ensuring that our law enforcement agencies have the information they need to take quick action, if necessary, to protect consumers from drug companies that abuse the law.  The issue of drug companies paying generic companies not to compete was exposed last year by the FTC, and by articles in major newspapers, including an editorial in the July 26, 2000, The New York Times, titled ``Driving Up Drug Prices.'' This editorial concluded that the problem ``needs help from Congress to close loopholes in federal law.'' And while the FTC has sued pharmaceutical companies that have made such secret and anticompetitive deals, as the then Director of the Bureau of Competition Molly Boast testified before the Judiciary Committee in May 2001, the antitrust enforcement agencies are only finding out about such deals by luck, or by accident.  Under current law, the first generic manufacturer that gets permission to sell a generic drug before the patent on the brand-name drug expires, enjoys protection from competition for 180 days, a head start on other generic companies. That was a good idea, but the unfortunate loophole exploited by a few is that secret deals can be made that allow the manufacturer of the generic drug to claim the 180-day grace period, to block other generic drugs from entering the market, while, at the same time, getting paid by the brand-name manufacturer to not sell the generic drug.  The bill would have closed this loophole for those who want to cheat the public, but keeps the system the same for companies engaged in true competition. The deals would be reviewed only by those agencies--the agreements would not be available to the public. I think it is important for Congress not to overreact in this case and throw out the good with the bad. Most generic companies want to take advantage of this 180-day provision and deliver quality generic drugs at much lower costs for consumers. We should not eliminate the incentive for them. Instead, we should let the FTC and Justice look at every deal that could lead to abuse, so that only the deals that are consistent with the intent of that law will be allowed to stand.  This bill would have accomplished precisely that goal. Moreover, it fits neatly into S. 812's provisions requiring a generic drug company that has been granted the exclusive, 180-day period on the market to forfeit that privilege if it makes a deal with a brand name company, or otherwise delays bringing its generic drug into the marketplace. Such a generic company must relinquish that 180-day privilege to the next generic manufacturer that can come to market. Both S. 812 and S. 754 share the goal of ensuring effective and timely access to generic pharmaceuticals that can lower the cost of prescription drugs for seniors, for families, and for all of us.  