President if I might add, I saw the same picture. Actually, Henry Thomas Daschle is better looking than our distinguished majority leader.  We have so often rancorous debate, we are always so busy, it seems our dear friend, the senior Senator from West Virginia, knows best when to come to the floor and bring us back to the human side of the Senate. He, knowing the Senate better than all of us, brings us back to the human side with poetry. My late mother used to read the Congressional Record every day looking for poems by Robert Carlyle Byrd.  And today to have those who are grandparents, as Senator Reid, the distinguished senior Senator from Nevada said, to pass on this wisdom to our majority leader. He is going to get this wisdom from us about being grandparents whether he wants it or not, but we will pass it on. It is the most wonderful time of your life. This will be the first of two this year, and that makes it even better.  I might say to my dear friend, the majority leader, this is a very fortunate grandchild to have him as the grandfather, just as the parents are very fortunate to have Tom and Linda Daschle to love and help this child.  The Leader will find there will come a time as the child gets a little bit older and is able to come to you with unreserved love, wanting to be with grandfather, as busy and as peripatetic a life as have the busiest people, with the greatest responsibilities of anyone in this country, all of that will come to a screeching halt when that child--my dear friend from West Virginia and dear friend from Nevada know--climbs on to your lap and says, grandpa, can you read me this book or read me this story. It has probably been read a dozen times before. I don't care whether your hotline is ringing, I don't care whether 99 Senators are calling, I don't care whether the President of the United States is calling, I don't care who it is, you will find, of course, that book that you read 10 times already naturally, to get it right, you have to read it again. Your whole universe will go around that.  I congratulate you. Those who have been there know it truly is the best part of life. It goes beyond all the things you have accomplished, which are so great. And it was your children who did the accomplishment for you. It is the best of all possible worlds.  I yield the floor.  