President, I am pleased to join Senators Sessions and Nickles in introducing the Johnny Michael Spann Patriot Trusts Act. This legislation will facilitate private charitable giving for the benefit of spouses of servicemen and other Federal employees who are killed in the line of duty while engaged in the fight against international terrorism.  Many of us have fought for some time to achieve fair and expeditious compensation for victims of terrorism. In 1996, we passed the Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act, which authorized grants to states to provide assistance and compensation to victims of terrorism. Two years ago, we passed legislation directing the Justice Department to establish a Federal compensation program for victims of international terrorism. And last year, in the wake of the September 11 attacks, we established a special fund to provide compensation to the many families who lost loved ones on that terrible day.  I am proud of these legislative accomplishments. We should make every effort to help the innocent civilians whose lives are shattered by terrorist acts. At the same time, we must not forget those who are killed while serving on the front line in the war on terrorism. Under current law, beneficiaries of members of the U.S. Armed Forces get paid $6,000 only in death benefits from the Government, over any insurance that they may have purchased. Moreover, these individuals may not be eligible for payments from any existing victims' compensation program or charitable organization.  The Johnny Michael Spann Patriot Trusts Act will provide much needed support for the families of those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for their country. The bill encourages the creation of charitable trusts for the benefit of surviving spouses and dependents of military, CIA, FBI, and other Federal Government employees who are killed in operations or activities to curb international terrorism. In addition, the bill authorizes Federal officials to contact qualifying trusts on behalf of surviving spouses and dependents, pursuant to regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary of Defense. This will help to inform survivors about benefits and to ensure that those who are eligible have the opportunity to access the money. It will also spare grieving widows the embarrassment of having to go to a charity and ask for money. Finally, for the avoidance of doubt, the bill makes clear that federal officeholders and candidates may help raise funds for qualifying trusts without running afoul of Federal campaign finance laws.  While we have greatly improved our victims assistance and compensation programs, we still have more to do. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join in advancing this legislation through Congress before the end of the year.  