President, I compliment the distinguished chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee for the farm bill before us.  As one of seven Senate conferees on the farm bill, I want to make a few initial remarks today about this major effort.  First, I urge my colleagues to vote for this conference report. This farm bill helps farmers by providing a safety net; it helps consumers by keeping our food costs low; it expands our nutritional safety net to those most in need; it will mean cleaner waterways, better soils, protected open space, and the preservation of family farms; it will make our drinking water safer, improve the environment, and will give rural America a strong economic boost.  I thank Chairman Harkin who worked day and night on this effort.  As I know from being chairman of the committee during the 1990 farm bill, it is no easy task to balance the needs of various regions, various commodities and various other priorities within a fixed budget.  Make no mistake--this bill is great for all regions, it represents a well-balanced effort.  I enjoyed working with the chairman of the conference, Larry Combest. He was fair and patient, and strove to listen to all sides of an issue and to offer helpful ideas as we sought to craft the final product.  His chief of staff, Bill O'Connor, has worked on many agriculture issues with me. He is one of the finest examples a truly professional hill staffer--smart and tough, and able to get the job done for his chairman. Also, Lance Kotschwar, the chief counsel for Chairman Combest, deserves a great deal of credit.  Ranking member Charlie Stenholm, also an expert on farm bill details, was very helpful in trying to work through some of the complex issues. He is well served by his senior agriculture staff, including Vernie Hubert.  I will have more kind words to say about the other body, but I want tomake a couple points regarding the Senate. I will have more to say at another time about Ed Barron and his team from my office. Many parts of this bill would not be here without them.  The Democratic conferees in the Senate consisted of three chairmen of major committees, and the majority leader. That is quite a batting lineup. We had the majority leader and the chairmen of the Agriculture, Budget, and Judiciary Committees.  Leader Daschle, and his superb staff Bart Chilton, Jonathon Lehman and Bev Paul--did a tremendous job trying to balance everyone's interests.  Chairman Conrad helped get us the budget to complete a farm bill--and provided the conferees with valuable insights, as did his able staff aide, Tim Galvin.  I will make more extensive remarks later in this debate but I want to focus on a few highlights today.  This farm bill provides--for the first time--strong provisions for all regions of America.  The farm bill provides regional equity--all of America will share in its benefits.  For example, for the first time, ever, we have a farm bill which provides national counter-cyclical support for dairy farmers. I have voted many times for programs which have helped cotton, rice, wheat or soybean farmers.  This farm bill continues to help them--but also creates a national safety net for all family-size dairy farmers--whether they live in Wisconsin, Minnesota, Mississippi, Louisiana, West Virginia, or Vermont.  I am pleased that we were able to forge bipartisan coalitions in the Senate and the House, from many states, and from all regions, in working out this national effort.  Dairy farm families work very hard they get up at 5 in the morning whether it is freezing cold, whether it is a Sunday or a Tuesday, whether they are feeling fine or lousy that day, whether it is a holiday or not.  They need a safety net or America may lose its fresh, local supplies of milk.  America can not afford to take the risks involved in concentrating dairy production in just a couple areas of the country.  Snowstorms, floods, earthquakes, or other emergencies could disrupt transportation or production facilities.  This farm bill is not just about farmers. It is about assisting rural towns and communities, and families in need.  The Food Research and Action Center notes that:       Given the scope of the hunger and food insecurity problem      facing our nation's people, we believe that passage of the      Farm Bill Conference Report with its investments in the      nutrition safety net must be a very high priority for the . .      . Senate.  They are right. This farm bill provides $6.4 billion to help the neediest families. Most Americans do not realize that the food stamp program is America's largest child nutrition program with the great bulk of assistance going to families with children.  In her letter of endorsement, Marian Wright Edelman points out that:       We also strongly support the improvements for working      families in the Food Stamp program. Adjusting the standard      deduction for cost-of-living increases and family size will      help the value of food stamps keep pace with inflation. Many      provisions in the nutrition title will make it easier for      working families to apply for or renew benefits, and will      streamline requirements on states so they will find it easier      to serve working families.  Bob Greenstein, with the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities notes that: ``Many of the title's provisions are targeted toward low-income families with children, particularly the working poor.''  This farm bill includes President Bush's strong proposal to assist legal immigrants who--throughout history--have come to America in search of a better life, and have made America a stronger nation.  The bill also improves America's first line of defense against hunger--the Emergency Food Assistance Program.  Also, the farm bill saves two great farmers' market programs from the chopping block.  The WIC Farmers' Market Nutrition Program, and the much newer farmers' market program for seniors, has provided tremendous incentives for local communities to create local farmers' markets. Anyone shopping at these hundreds of new farmers' markets knows that these programs are great for local farmers, families on WIC, our seniors, and the local communities.  On a international theme--I am very pleased that the farm bill includes $100 million in guaranteed funding for the McGovern-Dole Global Food for Education Initiative which I authored with Senator Harkin and others in the Senate.  This initiative taps America's agricultural bounty to become a catalyst for lasting change in many struggling nations.  Former Senators McGovern and Dole supported this vision and pointed out that this initiative would ``help our farmers while putting food in the stomachs of desperately hungry and malnourished children.''  It has been pilot-tested, and enrollment by children, especially girls, has dramatically increased in the poorest areas of the world.  Clearly, the events of September 11, make this initiative even more important.  The final bill also contains an unprecedented $1 billion in mandatory funds to assist rural areas in improving the rural infrastructure, attracting jobs, and improving high-speed internet access to businesses and homes.  Our farmers and small businesses will get a boost from $240 million included for value-added market development grants.  Modeled after the successful pilot program currently run by USDA, this program will provide grants up to $500,000 to help develop, promote, and market, value-added goods--to help build their wealth and expand their enterprise.  The bill reauthorizes important water programs that are critical to the infrastructure of rural America--over $360 million will be available nationally to reduce the backlog of loan and grant applications for construction or expansion of water and wastewater systems.  Even our firefighters and emergency personnel will receive much needed assistance to help provide for critical training in rural areas. These men and women work tirelessly, often on a volunteer basis, to protect our families and our homes. I am pleased that $50 million has been included to give these forces a boost.  Also within the package of conservation programs lies an historic increase in the Farmland Protection Program--which was first pilot-tested in Vermont under a provision which I wrote for the 1990 Farm Bill.  Previously funded at only $35 million, and hugely oversubscribed by interested farmers, the Farmland Protection Program will now be funded at almost $1 billion over the next 10 years.  Since 1996, the FPP program in Vermont has protected more than 80,000 acres of the State's most precious farmland. It can preserve farmland in many other states under this new farm bill.  I am very pleased that this bill sets forth several new initiatives for organic agriculture.  This coming October, the National Organic Standards Program will be fully implemented and will create tremendous possibilities for organic producers by enhancing national and international market opportunities for organic products.  This farm bill makes strides toward providing the information and resources needed to continue to grow this industry. For the first time, dedicated funding is provided for the organic research and extension initiative, which is also expanded in this bill.  In addition, in this farm bill we provided for new organic production and market data initiatives and we establish an organic certification cost-share program.  As more and more farms transition to organic production methods, there is a substantial environmental benefit. In many cases organic farming also provides sustainability to the profession of farming, and offers rewards to small farms in particular. In Vermont, the growth of the organic industry means that more farmers will be able to make a decent living doing what they love.  The New York, Washington State and Vermont delegations, among others, worked to add $94 million to the bill for direct aid for apple growers who have suffered crop losses in recent years. National apple growers, including severalorchards in Vermont, have sustained losses totaling $1.5 billion over the past five years, including an estimated $500 million during the past year.  The farm bill also invests $1.3 billion in research to help keep America's farmers competitive in world markets.  I urge my colleagues to join with me in supporting this farm bill.  