I am pleased that the full Senate is now taking up these resolutions for final passage.  I thank Senator Schumer, and, in particular, the Fraternal Order of Police and its president, Steve Young, for their leadership and strong support for honoring the fallen September 11 first responders.  There were so many examples of bravery and courage on September 11 and there is no doubt that the extraordinary heroism of our police officers,firefighters and emergency personnel should be recognized.  Last year, I was proud to work with Senator Stevens, Senator Hatch and other members of the committee to enact legislation, which I cosponsored, to authorize the President to award and present the Medal of Valor to public safety officers, upon the selection and recommendation of the Medal of Valor Review Board, for extraordinary valor above and beyond the call of duty.  Well before the terrorist attacks, Congress and the President decided that the award would have the most meaning if firefighters and police and other public safety officers themselves--the peers of those who will be honored--made the selections of candidates.  All 11 members of the Medal of Valor Review Board have now been appointed and the Board met for the first time last month. I have full faith that the Medal of Valor Review Board members will work quickly to award the Medal of Valor to their fellow public safety officers involved in the September 11 terrorist attacks. As chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I certainly support awarding the Public Safety Medal of Valor to the fallen heros of September 11.  Since my time as a Chittenden County States' Attorney in Vermont, I have taken a keen interest in law enforcement in my home State and around the country. Vermont has the reputation of being one of the safest states in which to live, work and visit, and rightly so. In no small part, this is due to the hard work of those who have sworn to serve and protect us. We should do all we can to support and protect them and all public safety officers nationwide.  I am proud of my legislative record in support of the public safety officers in Vermont and the Nation. For example, Senator Campbell and I authored the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Acts of 1998 and 2000 to create and then expand the $25 million Department of Justice program to provide grants to law enforcement officers to buy bulletproof vests. This grant program has funded almost 1,000 lifesaving vests for Vermont officers and more than 300,000 vests for officers across the country.  Specifically in response to the terrorists attacks of September 11, I negotiated a retroactive $100,000 increase in the total benefit under the Public Safety Officers' Benefits Program as part of the USA PATRIOT Act. Congress needed to act immediately to provide much-needed relief for the families of the brave men and women of law enforcement who sacrificed their own lives for their fellow Americans. Although an increase in the PSOB benefits can never be a substitute for the loss of a loved one, it was the right thing to do for the families of our fallen heros. In addition, I helped draft legislation to create the September 11 Victims Compensation Fund to provide fair and quick compensation to terrorist victims and their families.  I look forward to continuing to work in a bipartisan manner with my Senate colleagues on legislation to support our Nation's public safety officers who put their lives at risk every day to protect us.  