President, I rise to encourage the Senate to pass today the Hometown Heroes Survivors Benefits Act of 2002, H.R. 5334.  This multipartisan legislation is to improve the Department of Justice's Public Safety Officers' Benefit Program. This bill allows the families of public safety officers who suffer fatal heart attacks or strokes to qualify for Federal survivor benefits.  I commend those in the other body, including Congressmen Etheridge, Weldon, Hoyer, and Oxley, for their leadership and, I might also say, their fortitude on this important legislation. On the last night the other body was in session, Congressman Etheridge stood as a sentry on the bridge and said nothing else is going forward until this goes through. And it did pass in the House. I am proud to be the original sponsor of the Senate version of the Hometown Heroes bill, S. 3114. I thank Senators Collins, Jeffords, Landrieu, and Durbin for joining me as cosponsors.  This legislation should not be in any way controversial. It is supported by the Fraternal Order of Police; National Association of Police Organizations; Congressional Fire Services Institute; International Association of Arson Investigators; International Association of Fire Chiefs; International Association of Fire Fighters; National Fire Protection Association; National Volunteer Fire Council; North American Fire Training Directors; International Fire Buff Association; National Association of Emergency Medical Technicians; American Ambulance Association; American Federation of State, County Municipal Employees. Actually, I will not list them all, but there are 50 additional national organizations.  Public safety officers act with an unwavering commitment to the safety and protection of their fellow citizens, and it is always the case that they are willing to selflessly sacrifice their lives to provide safe and reliable emergency services to their communities. Hundreds of public safety officers nationwide lose their lives, and thousands more are injured while performing duties that put them at great physical risk.  Although we know that PSOB benefits can never be a substitute for the loss of a loved one, the families of all our fallen heroes should be eligible to collect these funds.  The PSOB program authorizes a one-time financial payment to the eligible survivors of Federal, State, and local public safety officers for all line-of-duty deaths. A number of other things are in the bill. We have improved this PSOB program on numerous occasions--we did it in the Patriot Act--but, unfortunately, the inclusion of on-duty heart attack and stroke victims in the program has not been addressed.  This bill fixes that loophole to ensure that the survivors of public safety officers who die of heart attacks and other cardiac-related deaths in the line of duty, or within 24 hours of a triggering effect while on duty--regardless of whether or not a traumatic injury occurs at the time of the heart attack or stroke--are eligible to receive financial assistance. Heart attack and cardiac-related deaths account for almost half of all firefighter fatalities and an average of 13 police officer deaths each year.  It is time for the Senate to show its support and appreciation for these extraordinarily brave and heroic public safety officers by joining the House and passing the Hometown Heroes Survivors Benefits Act.  Mr. President, I understand it has been cleared on this side of the aisle. I hope that my friends on the other side of the aisle will let this bill pass. We are willing on this side of the aisle to pass it, but there has been objection on the other side. I hope that objection will be withdrawn and this will pass so that we can join what has been already done in the other body.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  