As a result, the dairy farmers in my State of Vermont and in her State of New York are better off. I thank both Senator Clinton and Senator Schumer for their help in that regard.  With today's votes, the number of federal judges confirmed since the change in Senate majority fewer than 10 months ago now exceeds 50 and totals 52. Under Democratic leadership, the Senate has confirmed more judges in fewer than 10 months than were confirmed by the Republican-controlled Senate in the 1996 and 1997 sessions combined. We have accomplished in less than one year what our predecessors and critics took two years to do.  The number of judicial confirmations over these past 10 months--52--exceeds the number confirmed in four out of six full years under Republican leadership, during all 12 months of 2000, 1999, 1997 and 1996. And we are ahead of the pace for all the years of Republican control. It exceeds the number of confirmations in the first year of the Reagan Administration by a Republican Senate majority. It is almost double the number of confirmations in the first year of the Clinton Administration by a Democratic Senate majority. And it is more than triple the number of judges confirmed for the George H.W. Bush Administration by a Senate of the other party.  The confirmation of Judge Rufe and Mr. Baylson today illustrates the progress being made under Democratic leadership, and the fair and expeditious way in which we have considered nominees. With today's confirmations, we will have confirmed three district court judges to the Eastern District of Pennsylvania in fewer than four months. On April 18th, the Senate confirmed, by a vote of 94 to zero, Judge Legrome Davis to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Judge Legrome Davis was first nominated to the position of U.S. District Court Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania by President Clinton on July 30, 1998. The Republican-controlled Senate took no action on his nomination and it was returned to the President at the end of 1998. On January 26, 1999, President Clinton renominated Judge Davis for the same vacancy. The Senate again failed to hold a hearing for Judge Davis and his nomination was returned to the President on December 15, 2000, after two more years of inaction in a second full Congress while the Senate was controlled by a Republican majority. Under Republican leadership, Judge Davis languished before the Committee for 868 days without a hearing, notwithstanding the strong support of Senator Specter. But he was unable to get the support he needed for him to go through.  This year we have moved expeditiously to consider Judge Davis. Judge Davis was nominated by President Bush in late January 2002 and he received a unanimous vote by the Judiciary Committee on April 11th--fewer than three months after his nomination and less than one month after his paperwork was completed. The saga of Judge Davis recalls for us so many nominees from the period January 1995 through July 10, 2001, who never received a hearing or a vote and who were the subject of secret anonymous holds by Republicans for reasons that were never explained. Judge Davis was a nominee held up for almost three years and when the Senate was finally allowed to vote on his nomination, he was confirmed by a vote of 94 to 0.  Judge Rufe and Mr. Baylson help fill vacancies on the Pennsylvania District Courts that existed long before the majority shifted last summer. One of the two vacancies has existed since December 31, 1998. Despite the fact that President Clinton nominated David Fineman to fill this judicial vacancy, Mr. Fineman never received a hearing and his nomination was returned to the President without action at the end of 2000. In contrast, we have moved expeditiously, as with Judge Davis, to consider Judge Rufe and Mr. Baylson. Both nominees were nominated by President Bush in January, received a hearing within days of their files being complete, and are being confirmed approximately three months after their nominations. Both nominees have been practicing law for more than 25 years and have a distinguished history of public service.  As our action today demonstrates, again, we are moving at a fast pace to fill judicial vacancies with nominees who have strong bipartisan support. I have a chart--I always have a chart, Madam President--and it demonstrates, that we are moving at a fast pace to fill judicial vacancies, especially with those nominees who have strong bipartisan support.  Partisan critics of these accomplishments ignore the facts. The facts are that we are confirming President Bush's nominees at a faster pace than the nominees of prior presidents, including those who worked closely with a Senate majority of the same political party. I again point out these are nominees who, by and large, are Republicans, by and large, are conservative Republicans, but, by and large, have bipartisan support.  As long as I am Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I will do everything possible to protect the integrity and the independence of the Federal judiciary. I will not support an effort by any President--Republican orDemocrat--to hang a sign on the courthouse door saying: only people of a certain political persuasion can have a fair hearing before those judges. I do not want the American public to look at a court and say: I am eligible to have my case heard in that court, but only if I am a very conservative Republican or I am a very liberal Democrat or if I am White or if I am Black or if I am poor or if I am rich. That is not the way it should be.  The distinguished Presiding Officer is a lawyer, and she knows that the Federal courts are supposed to be our bulwark of independence. It is one of the first things you learn in law school: The Federal court is a place you go where not only is justice supposed to be colorblind, it is supposed to be politically blind. And I do not believe I am fulfilling my constitutional obligations in the Senate if I vote for nominees who are put in for a specific purpose, to give an ideological slant of either the right or the left to the Federal courts.  I want everyone to know that, when they come to a Federal court, it will make no difference whether they are Republican or Democrat or rich or poor. No matter what their color, no matter what their religion, no matter what their age, no matter what their background, they should know they are going to be treated the same.  The judges that we have confirmed, as shown on this chart, passed that test. That is why both Republicans and Democrats have voted for them.  Now, in fact, I should point out that the rate of confirmation in the past 10 months actually exceeds the rates of confirmation in the past three Presidencies.  For example, in the first 15 months of the Clinton administration, 46 judicial nominees were confirmed, a pace on average of 3.1 per month. In the first 15 months of the first Bush administration, judges were confirmed at a pace of 1.8 judges per month.  Even in the first 15 months of the Reagan Administration, when a staunchly Republican majority in the Senate was working closely with a Republican President, 54 judges were confirmed, a pace of 3.6 per month. In fewer than 10 months since the shift to a Democratic majority in the Senate, President George W. Bush's judicial nominees have been confirmed at a rate of more than 5.2 judges per month, a faster pace than for any of the past 3 Presidents.  During the six and one-half years of Republican control of the Senate, judicial confirmations averaged 38 per year a pace of consideration and confirmation that we have already exceeded under Democratic leadership over these past 10 months in spite of all of the challenges facing Congress and the Nation during this period and all of the obstacles Republicans have placed in our path. As of today, we have confirmed 52 judicial nominees in just 10 months. This is almost twice as many confirmations as George W. Bush's father had over a longer period--27 nominees in 15 months--than the period we have been in the majority in the Senate.  I suspect the reason you hear so many complaints from the Republican side is that they are hoping people will not look at the facts, that they are hoping the people will not remember what they did to President Clinton. They do not want to have to admit what is an irrefutable fact, that the Democratic-controlled Senate is treating President George W. Bush far better than a Republican-controlled Senate treated President William Jefferson Clinton.  And, frankly, I get a little bit weary of the misstatements, I get a little bit weary of having members of my committee attacked for their patriotism or for their religion by those who feel we are not automatically rubberstamping the President's nominees. The Constitution says: advise and consent. It does not say: rubberstamp.  But I have also been here with six Presidents. I have had the same position with Republican Presidents and Democratic Presidents. I will not vote for anybody who is going to diminish the independence of the Federal judiciary.  In fact the Republican critics, because they do not want to admit the fact that we are moving much faster than they did with a Democratic President, typically compare apples to oranges to mischaracterize the achievements of the last 10 months.  They complain that we have not done 24 months of work in the fewer than 10 months we have been in the majority.  