President, in recent days the Senate has begun to consider a number of proposals designed to help Americans afford their needed prescription drugs, not the least of which is to create a Medicare prescription drug benefit. This is an important debate, and one that has been a long time in coming to the floor of the Senate. Now we have the opportunity to not just talk about creating a Medicare drug benefit but to prove to our Nation's seniors and disabled that we stand by our word. The amendment offered by Senators Graham, Miller, and others is the best proposal before us, and it is one that I urge my colleagues to support.  I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of this piece of legislation because it is the only one that would create a new, voluntary prescription drug benefit within the Medicare Program that all beneficiaries would be eligible for. Under the Graham-Miller proposal, Medicare beneficiaries will receive assistance starting from the moment they buy their first prescription drug. There is no deductible and there is no gap in coverage, ensuring that no senior will be left stranded without the drugs they need. Beneficiaries would be responsible for copayments of $10 for generic drugs and $40 for medically necessary preferred brand name drugs until they have reached $4,000 of out-of-pocket spending, at which point Medicare pays all expenses. This bill provides low-income seniors and those with disabilities with extra assistance by covering the premiums and copays for those living below 135 percent of poverty, and giving premium assistance to those between 135 and 150 percent of poverty. In my State of Vermont, 28,000 of our 87,000 Medicare beneficiaries have incomes less than 150 percent of poverty and thus will qualify for this extra assistance available under the Graham-Miller proposal.  This amendment will help our seniors get the drugs they need, no matter where they live, what their income, or how sick they are. I urge my colleagues to support this important measure that will put affordable prescription drugs within the grasp of some of our most vulnerable Americans.  