President, in the wake of the terrorist attacks of September 11, bipartisan support in the Senate grew for the concept of a Cabinet-level officer with a new department to coordinate homeland security. In fact, Chairman Lieberman of the Governmental Affairs Committee and Senator Specter must be commended for their hard work and prescience in introducing legislation within weeks of the attacks to create a new Department of Homeland Security.  The administration initially differed with this approach. Instead, the President invited Governor Ridge to serve as the Director of a new Office of Homeland Security. I invited Governor Ridge in October, 2001, to testify before the Judiciary Committee about how he would improve the coordination of law enforcement and intelligence efforts, and his views on the role of the National Guard in carrying out the homeland security mission, but he declined.  Without Governor Ridge's input, the Judiciary Committee continued oversight work that had begun in the summer of 2001, before the terrorist attacks, on improving the effectiveness of the U.S. Department of Justice, the lead Federal agency with responsibility for domestic security. This task has involved oversight hearings with the Attorney General and with officials of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Immigration and Naturalization Service. In the weeks immediately after the attacks, the Committee turned its attention to hearings on legislative proposals to enhance the legal tools available to detect, investigate and prosecute those who threaten Americans both here and abroad. Committee members worked in partnership with the White House and the House to craft the new antiterrorism law, the USA PATRIOT Act, which was enacted on October 26, 2001.  We were prepared to include in the new anti-terrorism law provisions creating a new cabinet-level officer heading a new Department of Homeland Security but did not, at the request of the White House. Indeed, from September, 2001 until June, 2002, the Administration was steadfastly opposed to the creation of a Cabinet-level Department to protect homeland security. Governor Ridge stated in an interview with National Journal reporters on May 30 that if Congress put a bill on the President's desk to make his position statutory, he would ``probably recommend that he veto it.'' That same month, the White House spokesman also objected to a new Department and told reporters, ``You still will have agencies within the federal government that have to be coordinated. So the answer is: Creating a Cabinet post doesn't solve anything.''  In one respect, the White House was correct: Simply moving agencies around among Departments does not address the problems inside agencies such as the FBI or the INS--problems like outdated computers; hostility to employees who report problems; lapses in intelligence sharing; lack of translation and analytical capabilities; along with what many have termed, ``cultural problems.'' The Judiciary Committee and its subcommittees have been focusing on identifying those problems and finding constructive solutions to fix them. To that end, the Committee unanimously reported the FBI Reform Act, S.1974, to improve the FBI, especially at this time when the country needs the FBI to be as effective as it can be in the war against terrorism. Unfortunately, that bill hasbeen stalled on the Senate floor by an anonymous Republican hold.  The White House made an abrupt about-face on June 6, 2002, on the issue of whether our national security could benefit from the creation of a new Department of Homeland Security. This was the same day that the Judiciary Committee was continuing its oversight responsibility and was scheduled to hear from FBI Director Robert Mueller and FBI Special Agent Coleen Rowley, who was highly critical of the manner in which FBI Headquarters handled the investigation of Zacarias Moussaoui.  Thirty minutes before the nationally televised testimony from an FBI agent about intelligence failures before the September 11 terrorist attacks, word emerged from the White House that the President had changed his position and announced that he supported the formation of a new Homeland Security Department along the lines that Senator Lieberman and Senator Specter had suggested, though the draft of the President's proposal was not yet completed. Indeed, press reports that day indicate that ``Administration officials said the White House hoped to use the reorganization to deflect attention from the public backbiting that broke out among federal agencies as Congress began investigating intelligence failures surrounding the Sept. 11 attacks.'' Washington Post, June 6, 2002, at 12:52 PM.  Two weeks later, on June 18, 2002, Governor Ridge transmitted a specific legislative proposal to create a new homeland security department. It should be apparent to all of us that knitting together a new agency will not by itself fix existing problems. In writing the charter for this new department, we must be careful not to generate new management problems and accountability issues. Yet the Administration's proposal would have exempted the new department from many legal requirements that apply to other agencies. The Freedom of Information Act would not apply; the conflicts of interest and accountability rules for agency advisors would not apply. The new Department head would have the power to suspend the Whistleblower Protection Act, the normal procurement rules, and to intervene in Inspector General investigations. In these respects, the Administration asked us to put this new Department above the law and outside the checks and balances these laws are put there to ensure.  Exempting the new Department from laws that ensure accountability to the Congress and to the American people makes for soggy ground and a tenuous start--not the sure footing we all want for the success and endurance of this endeavor.  Specifically, the administration's June proposal contained, in section 204, a new exemption requiring nondisclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, FOIA, of any ``information'' ``voluntarily'' provided to the new Department of Homeland Security by ``non-Federal entities or individuals'' pertaining to ``infrastructure vulnerabilities or other vulnerabilities to terrorism'' in the possession of, or that passed through, the new department. Critical terms, such as ``voluntarily provided,'' were undefined.  The Judiciary Committee had an opportunity to query Governor Ridge about the Administration's proposal on June 26, 2002, when he testified in his capacity as the Director of the Transition Planning Office for the proposed Department of Homeland Security. At that hearing, a number of Senators made clear that the President should not play politics with the proposal to create a new Department. One senior Republican member of the Judiciary Committee put it bluntly that action on the new Department should take place ``without political gamesmanship,'' I share that view.  We all wanted to work with the President to meet his ambitious timetable for setting up the new department. We all know that one sure way to slow up the legislation would be to use the new department as the excuse for the Administration to undermine or repeal laws it did not like or to stick unrelated political items in the bill under the heading of ``management flexibility.'' We all want the same end goal of an efficiently operating Homeland Security Department, but as the same senior Republican member of the Judiciary Committee advised at the June 26 hearing, for the sake of getting the new department underway, ``[t]here may well be areas of debate or issues that we in Congress need to save for another day.''  At that hearing, I cautioned the administration not to use the proposal for the new Department of Homeland Security to: No. 1, increase secrecy in government by creating a huge new exemption to the Freedom of Information Act for private sector security problems; No. 2, weaken whistleblower protections for dedicated Government workers who help fight Government waste, fraud and abuse; or No. 3, cut wages and job security for hardworking Government employees.  Governor Ridge's testimony at that hearing is instructive. He appeared to appreciate the concerns expressed by Members about the President's June 18th proposal and to be willing to work with us in the legislative process find common ground to get the legislation done. On the FOIA, he described the Administration's goal to craft ``a limited statutory exemption to the Freedom of Information Act'' to help ``the Department's most important missions [which] will be to protect our Nation's critical infrastructure.'' Governor Ridge explained that to accomplish this, the Department must be able to ``collect information, identifying key assets and components of that infrastructure, evaluate vulnerabilities, and match threat assessments against those vulnerabilities.''  The FOIA already exempts from disclosure matters that are classified; trade secret and commercial and financial information, which is privileged and confidential; various law enforcement records and information, including confidential source and informant information; and FBI records pertaining to foreign intelligence or counterintelligence, or international terrorism. These already broad exemptions in the FOIA are designed to protect national security and public safety.  Indeed, the head of National Infrastructure Protection Center, NIPC, testified over 5 years ago, in September, 1998, that the private sector's FOIA excuse for failing to share information with the Government was, in essence, baseless. He explained the broad application of FOIA exemptions to protect from disclosure information received in the context of a criminal investigation or a ``national security intelligence'' investigation, including information submitted confidentially or even anonymously. This is from the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Technology, Terrorism, and Government Information, ``Hearing on Critical Infrastructure Protection: Toward a New Policy Directive,'' on March 17 and June 10, 1998. The FBI also used the confidential business record exemption under (b)(4) ``to protect sensitive corporate information, and has, on specific occasions, entered into agreements indicating that it would do so prospectively with reference to information yet to be received.'' NIPC was developing policies ``to grant owners of information certain opportunities to assist in the protection of the information (e.g., by sanitizing the information themselves) and to be involved in decisions regarding further dissemination by the NIPC.'' In short, the former administration witness stated:       Sharing between the private sector and the government      occasionally is hampered by a perception in the private      sector that the government cannot adequately protect private      sector information from disclosure under the Freedom of      Information Act (FOIA). The NIPC believes that this      perception is flawed in that both investigative and      infrastructure protection information submitted to NIPC are      protected from FOIA disclosure under current law.  Nevertheless, businesses have continued to seek a broad FOIA exemption. I expressed my concern that an overly-broad FOIA exemption would encourage government complicity with private firms to keep secret information about critical infrastructure vulnerabilities, reduce the incentive to fix the problems and end up hurting rather than helping our national security. In the end, more secrecy may undermine rather than foster security.  Governor Ridge seemed to appreciate these risks and said he was ``anxious to work with the Chairman and other members of the committee to assure that the concerns that [I had] raised are properly addressed.'' He assured us that ``[t]his Administration is ready towork together with you in partnership to get the job done. This is our priority, and I believe it is yours as well.''  Almost before the ink was dry on the Administration's earlier proposal, on July 10, the Administration proposed to substitute a much broader FOIA exemption that would (1) exempt from disclosure under the FOIA critical infrastructure information voluntarily submitted to the new department that was designated as confidential by the submitter without the submitter's prior written consent, (2) provide limited civil immunity for use of the information in civil actions against the company, with the likely result that regulatory actions would be preceded by litigation by companies that submitted designated information to the department over whether the regulatory action was prompted by a confidential disclosure, (3) preempt state sunshine laws if the designated information is shared with state or local government agencies, (4) impose criminal penalties of up to one year imprisonment on government employees who disclosed the designated information, and (5) extend antitrust immunity to companies that joined together with agency components designated by the President to promote critical infrastructure security.  Despite the Administration's promulgation of two separate proposals for new FOIA exemption in as many weeks, in July, Governor Ridge's Office of Homeland Security released The National Strategy for Homeland Security, which appeared to call for more study of the issue before legislating. Specifically, this report called upon the Attorney General to ``convene a panel to propose any legal changes necessary to enable sharing of essential homeland security information between the government and the private sector.''  The need for more study of the Administration's proposed new FOIA exemption was made amply clear by its possible adverse environmental, public health and safety affect. Keeping secret problems in a variety of critical infrastructures would simply remove public pressure to fix the problems. Moreover, several environmental groups pointed out that, under the Administration's proposal, companies could avoid enforcement action by ``voluntarily'' providing information about environmental violations to the EPA, which would then be unable to use the information to hold the company accountable and also would be required to keep the information confidential. It would bar the government from disclosing information about spills or other violations without the written consent of the company that caused the pollution.  At the request of Chairman Lieberman for the Judiciary Committee's views on the new department, I shared my concerns about the Administration's proposed FOIA exemption and then worked with Members of the Governmental Affairs Committee--and in particular, with Senator Levin and Senator Bennett--to craft a more narrow and responsible exemption that accomplishes the Administration's goal of encouraging private companies to share records of critical infrastructure vulnerabilities with the new Department of Homeland Security, without providing incentives to ``game'' the system of enforcement of environmental and other laws designed to protect the nation's public health and safety.  I commend Chairman Lieberman and Senators Levin and Bennett and their staffs for diligently working with me to refine the FOIA exemption in a manner that satisfies the Administration's stated goal, while limiting the risks of abuse by private companies or government agencies.  Specifically, section 198 on ``Protection of Voluntarily Furnished Confidential Information'' of the Lieberman Amendment to H.R. 5005 reflects the compromise solution we reached with the Administration and other Members interested in this important issue. This section exempts from the FOIA certain records pertaining to critical infrastructure threats and vulnerabilities that are furnished voluntarily to the new Department and designated by the provider as confidential and not customarily made available to the public. This provision improves on the Administration's July 18 proposal in the following ways:  First, section 198 limits the FOIA exemption to ``records'' submitted by the private sector, not ``information'' from the private sector. Therefore, if companies provide information to the new Department that is documented in an agency-created record, that record will be subject to the FOIA and not exempt simply because private sector information is referenced or contained in the record. Moreover, this section makes clear that portions of records that are not covered by the exemption should be released pursuant to FOIA requests, unlike the Administration proposals which would have allowed the withholding of entire records if any part is exempt.  Second, section 198 limits the FOIA exemption to records pertaining to ``the vulnerability of and threats to critical infrastructure (such as attacks, response, and recovery efforts)'' not all ``critical infrastructure information.''  Third, section 198 does not provide any civil liability or antitrust immunity that could be used to immunize bad actors or frustrate regulatory enforcement action.  Fourth, section 198 limits the FOIA exemption to records submitted to the new Department of Homeland Security, as in the administration's initial June 18 proposal, since the stated goal of the exemption is to help that Department provide a centralized function of collection, review and analysis of critical infrastructure vulnerabilities. Records submitted by private companies to other agencies are not covered by the new exemption, even if the same document is also submitted to the new Department.  Fifth, section 198 does not preempt state or local sunshine laws.  Sixth, section 198 narrowly defines ``furnished voluntarily'' to ensure that records submitted by companies to obtain grants, permits, licenses or other government benefits are not exempt, but are still subject to the FOIA process.  This section is a significant improvement over both versions of the Administration's proposed new FOIA exemptions.  Unfortunately, other critical areas that were mentioned at the June 26 hearing with Governor Ridge, on which he assured us he would work with us to find common ground, remain stumbling blocks. The Administration has threatened a veto over the issue of ``management flexibility.'' At the same time we are seeking to motivate the government workers who will be moved to the new Department with an enhanced security mission, the Administration is insisting on provisions that threaten the job security for these hardworking government employees. The Administration should not use this transition as an excuse to cut the wages and current workplace security and rights of the brave employees who have been defending the nation. That is not the way to encourage retention or recruitment of the vital human resources on which we will need to rely, and it is a sure way to destroy the bipartisanship we need.  