This amendment would limit the legal rights of future terrorism victims and their families. That is not fair or just.  I have worked with the distinguished majority leader, Senator Dodd, Senator Sarbanes and others to craft a balanced compromise in the substitute amendment on legal procedures for civil actions involving future acts of terrorism.  The underlying Dodd bill protects the rights of future terrorism victims and their families while providing Federal court jurisdiction of civil disputes involving acts of terrorism and excluding punitive damages from Government-backed insurance coverage under the bill. These provisions do not limit the accountability of a private party for its actions in any way.  Further, the underlying Dodd bill fully protects Federal taxpayers from paying for punitive damages awards. Under the Dodd bill only corporate wrongdoers pay punitive damages, not U.S. taxpayers as some have incorrectly claimed on the Senate floor.  But the McConnell amendment would prohibit punitive damages in almost all civil actions covered by the bill. This latest offer excuses wanton, reckless, and even malicious conduct by a corporate wrongdoer. The amendment provides that a corporate wrongdoer must have engaged in criminal conduct and must have already been convicted under State or Federal law before it can held liable for punitive damages.  This is a ridiculously high standard that excuses and immunizes all sorts of bad acts that should be punished and deterred.  The McConnell amendment, for all practical purposes, eliminates punitive damages, which in turn, completely undermines the civil justice system. There is no effective punishment, and consequently no real deterrent, for misconduct. Right now, the threat of punitive damages makes would-be wrongdoers think twice.  Without the threat of punitive damages, callous corporations can decide it is more cost-effective to continue cutting corners despite the risk to American lives. This would let private parties avoid accountability in cases of wanton, willful, reckless or malicious conduct. That is outrageous and irresponsible.  Punitive damages are monetary damages awarded to plaintiffs in civil actions when a defendant's conduct has been found to flagrantly violate a plaintiff's rights. Under this amendment, those plaintiffs will be victims of terrorism and their families.  The standard for awarding punitive damages is set at the State level, but is generally allowed only in cases of wanton, willful, reckless or malicious conduct. These damages are used to deter and punish particularly egregious conduct. Eliminating punitive damages totally undermines the deterrent and punishment function of the tort law.  The threat of punitive damages is a major deterrent to wrongdoing. Eliminating punitive damages would severely undercut this deterrent and permit reckless or malicious defendants to find it more cost effective to continue their callous behavior without the risk of paying punitive damage awards.  For example, this amendment would permit a security firm to be protected from punitive damages if the private firm hired incompetent employees or deliberately failed to check for weapons and a terrorist act resulted. This amendment fails to protect the interests of victims of terrorism and their families.  I helped author the September 11th Victims Compensation Fund to take care of any terrorism victim suffering physical injury or death. As a result, I was open to public interest retroactive liability limits up to insurance coverage for the September 11th attacks, such as limits for the airlines industry to keep them out of bankruptcy and limits for the owners of the World Trade Center to rebuild.  But liability limits for future terrorist attacks are irresponsible because they may restrict the legal rights of victims and their families and discourage private industry from taking appropriate precautions.  Restricting damages against the wrongdoer in civil actions involving personal injury or death, for example, could discourage corporations from taking the necessary precautions to prevent loss of life or limb in a future terrorist attack.  There is no need to enact these special legal protections and take away the rights of victims of terrorism and their families.  At a time when the American people are looking for Congress to take measured actions to protect them from acts of terror, these ``tort reform'' proposals are unprecedented, inappropriate and irresponsible. At the very moment that the President is calling on all Americans to be especially vigilant, this amendment is calling on all American businesses to avoid their responsibility for vigilance under existing law.  I am disappointed that some may be taking advantage of the situation to push ``tort reform'' proposals that have been rejected by Congress for years. This smacks of political opportunism.  I cannot support rewriting the tort law of each of the 50 states for the benefit of private industry and at the expense of future terrorist victims and their families. I urge my colleagues to defeat this amendment.  Madam President, the distinguished Presiding Officer has been as involved in getting compensation to victims of terrorism as anybody here.  I raise these points on the floor that we all want to help victims of terror, and we will, but we don't want to give a wish list to anyone.  Medical laboratories specializing in nuclear medicine might know that their security system is broken. They say: Well, you know, it will take a few hundred dollars to fix it, and we are not going to bother. So it stays broken for months. At the same time, even though they might put high-security locks on the room that houses its vault, they don't put security locks on the storage room that houses nuclear materials.  Say during this period when it is operated without a functioning security system a lab discovers various containers of nuclear matter, including dozens of vials containing radioactive iodine, are missing, and it fails to report that fact to local, State, or Federal authorities and doesn't take any action to repair its security system. This is not a far-fetched example.  Let us say that nuclear material is traced back to the laboratory and it is later used to fuel a ``dirty'' bomb that exposes American cities. Under this amendment, you can't go back and prosecute that corporation. They have no criminal prosecution. You can't go back. Come on. What is going to be the incentive for that corporation that failed to fix their security system and to fix the locks on their doors? It is just another example.  I see the distinguished acting majority leader.  I yield the floor.  