President, this Saturday will be the 71st anniversary of one of the greatest days in history--D-day, June 6, 1944, the day that led to Allied victory in Europe in World War II, the preservation of Western democracy, no less, and freedom for generations to come.  Few days in history belong to individuals, but this day, D-day, belongs to Dwight David Eisenhower. Ike came to this day, which forever established his place in history as a soldier, as a Kansan, and most of all as an American.  I come to the floor today as a Senator, as a marine, and as Ike's fellow Kansan. Most of all, I come to share Ike with my fellow Americans and my colleagues in the Senate.  There are days in history that change nations and the course of history itself. D-day, June 6, 1944, was one of those days. The events growing out of that day changed the course of millions of lives, preserved Western civilization, and led to victory over a ruthless tyranny totally dedicated to destroying democracy.  The sacrifices and human losses were immense. Several weeks ago, on May 8, the whole of Europe--from Amsterdam to Moscow--was not only celebrating European victory in World War II but also remembering the special sacrifices of the brave young Americans who made victory possible when it seemed impossible, especially in June of 1944, when the whole of Europe and much of Russia was under the Nazi boot. These cataclysmic events were set in motion on D-day by the heroic decisionmaking of one man, a Kansan from modest origins and humble roots--Dwight David Eisenhower--who, at the direction of the President of the United States, carried individually the sole responsibility of supreme command of all Allied forces in Europe in World War II.  The decision to launch the invasion was his alone, and the risk of failure was enormous, with huge human losses assured for America and all of its allies. Ike's decision, however, proved correct and was followed by the greatest demonstration of military coalition leadership ever seen in history--before or since D-day. This brilliant leadership by General Eisenhower led to victory in Europe in 1945, followed by the defeat of Japan.  Ike never let his gigantic role in history push his ego ahead of modesty, common sense, and humility. As he famously said in 1945, ``Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends.''  Ike's transcending humanity won not only his fellow citizens' respect but also their affection. Indeed, he won the respect and affection of much of the world, and he is celebrated internationally to this very day.  Currently, I am privileged to serve as the chairman of the Eisenhower Memorial Commission. Two giants of the United States Senate brought me to this role: Congressional Medal of Honor winner Danny Inouye and U.S. Army Flying Tiger pilot Ted Stevens, both combat-decorated World War II veterans who decided Ike, both as general and as President, should be nationally memorialized. They decided and convinced the Congress that the general and President Eisenhower should be nationally celebrated. And the day it all began was D-day.  Senator Inouye from Hawaii and Senator Stevens from Alaska knew that Ike represented more than Kansas, more than America, but the entire world as well and that he spoke to the world. His identity was simple, basic, and convincing. In paying homage in 1945 to the British fathers and mothers of the soldiers, sailors, and airmen who had died under his command, he also said, ``I am not a native of this land. I come from the very heart of America.''  It is a paradox of unfortunate irony that those members of the ``greatest generation'' who come on Honor Flights from all across our great Nation to the World War II Memorial cannot visit, reflect, and pay homage to a memorial to the general who led them to victory.  Today, in the midst of a much different war and during a time when our Nation is searching for resolve, commitment, and leadership, I suggest and recommend that all of my colleagues reflect upon the unique leadership of America's greatest general when the future of Western democracy was in grave peril. Time is of the essence, and now is the time to complete a lasting memorial and tribute to America's greatest wartime general and President of the United States whose legacy was 8 years of peace and prosperity. The veterans of World War II and their families know this, and their counterparts all over the world know this as well. With the completion of the Eisenhower memorial, their children and grandchildren and generations to come will understand the tremendous commitment undertaken in defense of freedom, then and now.  Now is the time.  I yield the floor.  