 Mr. President, I have been sitting here thinking about Missouri and Kansas and our past histories--some differences in politics, some differences in sports, big time, down through the years. What a great thing to happen when, yes, there is the Kansas City Royals in Missouri. I might be a little local here and say primarily filled by Kansas fans, but I will not do that, but it is a great day for both of our States and for people who live in our area.  We are all proud of our Kansas City Royals. It was a hard-fought World Series victory, but it was celebrated in Kansas from Goodland to Liberal, from Parsons to Troy, way up there on Highway 36 and everywhere in between.  Yesterday we saw something amazing happen: Kansas fans and Missouri fans marching in a sea of blue in downtown Kansas City. There were more than one-half million people--no shoving, no pushing, no fires, no problems. There were young and old people from all walks of life, all races, all nationalities, and all Royals fans. The schools were closed. Workers took a break. The streets filled. The windows opened, and it was a gorgeous Royals blue day.  Some are celebrating this kind of victory for the first time. Others are remembering 1985, George Brett and that team, and seeing that same excitement again, this time in their children's eyes. You see, some of us really counted us out--or some counted us out. We are, in fact, a small market team, a team with young but very talented guys. They said we haven't had what it takes to be World Series champions. We didn't have the big name home run hitters or the big name flamethrower pitchers or a big park made smaller for home run hitters. What we did have was a team, players who kept the line moving. The stats made the difference, as indicated from my colleague and friend from Missouri, who went through a number of stats that are rather remarkable.  In this postseason, the Royals strikeout rate was only 16 percent, just 81 strikeouts in 505 plate appearances. The Royals' regular season average was better, just 15 percent. For baseball, that is really amazing and it was the best in baseball. The league average in the regular season was more than 20 percent--20 percent strikeouts, one out of five. That is why people keep yawing. They don't yawn when they watch the Royals.  These Royals had a manager who let them play as they were: young, fast, and aggressive. That is rather remarkable. Ned Yost let them choose whether or not to steal--that is amazing. He let them swing at the first pitch. Alcides Escobar hit that inside-the-park home run in the first pitch in the bottom of the first inning of the first game of the World Series at Kauffman. That is a ball park for playing baseball: hitting, running, fielding, and a few home runs.  He let them play the game. They were relentless. They kept the lines moving, went against unconventional baseball wisdom--and oh was it fun to watch.  We won, Kansas City won, and baseball won. Our celebration today is about the Royals, the joy of the game of baseball, but it is also about our identity as a city and a region.  We were told that a small market team from flyover country would not be able to beat the New York Mets. We won because we kept the line moving--just like the Royals fans do in Kansas and Missouri every day--through a couple of decades of post-season drought, proving our team, our fans, our kind of game is the best in baseball.  I know I speak for the fans all over our State and the hundreds of thousands of fans that gathered to enjoy and celebrate a victory for our team and, yes, for our region, too--and I think for our country. Everybody adopted the Royals. Thank you, Royals. Thank you for showing the world what fun baseball can be if you play the game, if you keep the lines moving.  The Kansas City Royals are the 2015 World Series champions. How about them apples?  I thank my colleague.  