Under our previous leadership, we only passed one budget. We have to look all the way back to 2001 to find the last time Congress passed a balanced 10-year budget.  It is vitally important that we go through the regular budgeting process to ensure we are being efficient and effective when spending hard-working taxpayers' dollars.  Now that we have a final budget framework, we can have the opportunity to adjust spending and make policy changes to rein in the excesses of this administration. The first step in this is the consideration of the budget reconciliation bill.  We have before us a budget bill that not only reduces the Federal deficit, but it does so by dismantling many of the key provisions of the President's health care law known as ObamaCare. We are more than 5 years into its implementation; however, many of the same problems that those of us who were here during the original debate warned of are still causing harm to consumers, and new issues continue to arise. We continue, unfortunately, to see higher costs, less choice for individuals, and higher taxes.  Prior to open enrollment starting, CMS released the ``2016 Marketplace Affordability Snapshot.'' This shows that across the 37 States that use the Federal marketplace, Kansas included, the cost of the second lowest silver plan, or the benchmark plan, will increase on average 7.5 percent as of next year. That number is more than double for Kansas. On average, they are facing a 16-percent increase in the benchmark plan. I would assume the same thing will happen in Iowa, the State of the distinguished Presiding Officer. This is not the promised reduction in premiums the President promised. This is simply not affordable.  Madison from Overland Park, KS, recently wrote to me about her family's struggles. She said:       Yet again our rates are going up to the point where we      cannot afford our health insurance that I have had since      before 2008. Out of network hospital and doctors limit my      ability to provide for my children the health care they need.  Madison, you certainly hit the nail on the head.  Even if you can afford the increased premiums to maintain coverage, the high deductibles may make it nearly impossible for you to utilize the health services under your plan or your doctors are no longer in your network, thereby limiting your ability to keep the doctor you liked--another broken promise from the President.  Another local problem of concern for me was the announcement that one of the insurance companies that provided coverage on the exchange in Kansans will no longer be offering plans as of next year. This impacts nearly half of all Kansans enrolled through the marketplace who now will again have to find a new plan and possibly new providers.  We need to repeal this law--a law that includes more than $1 trillion in new taxes over the next 10 years. For Kansas households, the economic impact is an average tax increase of $876 a year.  We need to eliminate the individual and employer mandates. The employer mandate is stifling job creation, it is reducing workers' hours, and it is a disincentive for businesses to grow and expand.  Jeff from Kansas City contacted me about this one and the effect the law is having on his manufacturing business. He said:       Without an exemption [from the employer mandate] I will be      forced to cut my staff below 50 or let ObamaCare simply put      me out of business in the year 2016. Taking the penalty by      not offering health care to my staff is the least expensive      option in 2016 and will still put me in the red.  These are not the options our job creators should be stuck contemplating--reducing staff or facing closure.  The individual mandate tax is set to increase on January 1. Individuals opting not to purchase or those not able to afford to purchase insurance next year will now face a penalty of $695 or 2.5 percent of household income, whichever is higher. Again, let me point out, whichever is higher not lower.  Removing this penalty will not only provide financial relief for these individuals, but it will restore the individual freedom of all Americans to choose whether to purchase the government-approved insurance. We need to repeal the so-called Cadillac tax, which if left in effect will lead to reduced benefits and increased costs for employers. We also need to remove the medicine cabinet tax--that is the medicine cabinet tax--a new requirement that people must obtain a prescription to purchase over-the-counter medication--the things we should not need a prescription for--with funds from people's flexible spending accounts.  This reconciliation bill eliminates many of the core provisions--the foundations, so to speak--of ObamaCare, and without a strong foundation of mandates and taxes to finance this massive overhaul, we can then turn to beginning to fix health care. I emphasize fix health care, not ObamaCare.  We need to give peace of mind to the families hurt by ObamaCare. The relief provided by this package does just that. I urge my colleagues to support this bill so we can then provide freedom to all Americans from the mandates of this law and give us an opportunity to pursue more patient-centered reforms that will improve access as well as lower costs for patients.  I yield the floor.  