President, I first want to commend the Senator from Iowa. Senator Grassley has done a great job of a detailed report on why this bill is so extremely important, and I thank him for his comments.  My remarks will be somewhat abbreviated. Today I rise to speak about this very important legislation, absolutely crucial legislation the Senate is considering tomorrow. Like so many Americans, I agree that we have a responsibility to protect those who cannot defend themselves. That is why I am a cosponsor of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act--this critical legislation which simply prohibits abortions after an unborn child reaches 20 weeks of development.  Scientific evidence--Senator Grassley reported about that--has shown that after 20 weeks, a child's brain has developed to a point where they can experience pain. With modern medical advances, even children born at this early stage have a chance to survive. It is appalling that the United States is one of only seven countries where elected abortions after 20 weeks are legal. How can our country take pride in protecting human rights when we continue to allow this practice to happen within our own borders?  A poll conducted by the Quinnipiac University found that a majority of Americans now support the banning of this abhorrent practice. Representing the values shared by a majority of Americans should be a bipartisan effort. We need to work together to protect innocent life.  So many Americans are troubled by the recent videos of Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for a profit. Those videos have helped the American people understand exactly what life at conception means. This legislation is a line of defense for protecting unborn children from Planned Parenthood's unconscionable practices.  I commend the States that have stopped this practice in the absence of a Federal law. Thirteen States maintain prohibitions of abortion at 20 weeks. This includes my home State of Kansas. It is now time for the Senate to act and ensure that this practice is banned all across the Nation. I encourage my colleagues to unite on this issue and support this critical legislation.  