 We in the Senate have a unique opportunity long overdue and a responsibility to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. The acronym is ESEA. This legislation is long overdue. It is vital for our children and their future that we get it right when addressing education policy. The consequences will be seen for years to come.  I would like to acknowledge and especially commend the work of Chairman Lamar Alexander and Ranking Member Patty Murray, who worked so hard to get us to this point. This is something rather unique in the Senate. We are coming together. We are percolating with regards to important bills. This is a tremendously important bill.  Due to their bipartisan leadership, the Every Child Achieves Act was approved back in April by the HELP Committee, of which I am a proud member, 22 to 0. I was very proud to vote yes.  Let me repeat that. It passed 22 to 0. Because of that hard work, led by Senators Alexander and Murray, we are currently debating ESEA in the Senate for the first time since 2001. That is 14 years--14 years--that we have not had a reauthorization bill come to the Senate floor, and there is a lot of hope that it will pass. This is a prime example of what is possible when the Senate functions as it should and committees are actually able to legislate.  Recently, 10 national education groups, representing educators, principals, school boards, superintendents, chief State school officers, parents and PTAs, and school business officials, called on the Senate to consider the Every Child Achieves Act to reauthorize the ESEA.  Daniel Domenech, executive director of the School Superintendents Association, wrote this in a letter:       The nation's K-6th graders have spent every day of their K-     12 experience under an outdated and broken ESEA. Our students      want and deserve more.  His remarks perfectly summarize the issues at hand.  I want to turn to a critical issue for States and school districts. Over the last few years, the administration has doubled down on Federal mandates and has used the waiver process to create law by fiat--thereby circumventing Congress and allowing those who have a Federal agenda in Washington to make too many decisions that are best left to the States and the school districts. It is evident that waivers have been granted only to those States that agree to implement the administration's preferred education policies. That is just not right.  In fact, the New York Times has referred to the waiver process as ``the most sweeping use of executive authority to rewrite Federal education law since Washington expanded its involvement in education in the 1960s.''  Under section 9401 of current law, the ``Secretary may waive any statutory or regulatory requirement of this Act for a state education agency, local education agency, Indian tribe or school'' if that entity receives funds and requests a waiver.  Language included in the Every Child Achieves Act amends section 9401 to clarify that the waiver process is intended to be led by State and local requests, not Washington mandates. This will help ensure the process is State-driven and will allow for greater flexibility and innovation.  In July 2011, the Congressional Research Service issued a report providing an overview of the Secretary's waiver authority under ESEA and warned of potential legal limits and challenges to the Secretary's flexibility proposal.  The report states: ``If the Secretary did, as a condition of granting a waiver, require a grantee to take another action not currently required under the ESEA, the likelihood of a successful legal challenge will increase.''  I have worked long and hard for language in the bill--years and years--that will prohibit the Secretary from imposing any additional requirements to waiver requests not authorized by the Congress. I am fully committed to fighting this one-size-fits-all Federal education agenda because I firmly believe local control is best when it comes to education.  The Every Child Achieves Act, in its current form, puts an end to Washington mandates and allows Kansans to make their own decisions about the best way to improve education. While this legislation heads in the right direction in reducing the Federal footprint, I want to remind my colleagues it is important that we avoid adding back Federal mandates and prescriptive requirements.  As we move forward, I will continue to push to return K-12 education decision-making to State and local control, where we can establish the best policies to ensure that every child receives the highest quality education.  Now, I would like to briefly discuss something called Common Core and the Federal overreach in education. Common Core started out as a State-led effort to create high standards that States would voluntarily adopt, but the administration had different ideas.  In homes across America, parents are raising questions about what their children are being taught. In many cases, parents are hearing that local curriculum decisions have been driven by the Common Core education standards that most States adopted in a hurry under Federal pressure with little or no public input.  Decisions about what children are taught are best made on the local level as close to parents as possible. The Federal Government should not have overriding influence over State and local education decisions. Simply put, the Department of Education has incentivized and coerced States into implementing Common Core education standards. Some within our education community in Kansas have even called this practice a bribe.  The administration made it a criterion for States to adopt Common Core standards to have a reasonable chance to receive Federal funding under the multibillion-dollar Race to the Top Program and used Federal funds to develop Common Core-aligned tests. They have also threatened to withhold waivers from the onerous provisions of the No Child Left Behind Act if States do not adopt Common Core or similarly aligned standards and assessments. This is wrong.  For that reason, earlier this year, I reintroduced the LOCAL Level Act, S. 182, to explicitly prohibit the Federal Government's role and involvement in Common Core. My legislation would strictly forbid the Federal Government from intervening in a State's education standards, its curricula, and assessments through the use of incentives, mandates, grants, waivers or any form of manipulation. Simply put, my legislation will preserve State education autonomy.  A State will now be free from Federal interference in how to decide whether to use Common Core or any other type of academic standard. I am pleased the bill before us includes the language from my LOCAL Level Act and will, once and for all, end the administration's use of waivers to force or incentivize States to adopt Common Core standards.  It will end the Obama administration's--and, for that matter, any future administration's--ability to use any tool of coercion to force States to adopt Common Core or any set of standards at all, whether it is Common Core by another name or some new set of standards--period.  I thank Chairman Alexander for including my language because I firmly believe it will prohibit the administration from finding additional ways to promote a State's adoption of Common Core.  I want to emphasize setting high standards for our schools, our teachers, and our children obviously is the right thing to do. But we will decide those standards in Kansas, and those decisions will be made in other States as well. We need to get the Federal Government out of the classroom and return our community decisions back to where they belong--in the community.  If the Every Child Achieves Act becomes law, we can finally say goodbye to Federal interference in what we teach our kids in school. Chairman Alexander has stated that with this bill, we have the first opportunity in 25 years to restore decision-making back to States, local school districts, superintendents, principals and teachers, local school boards, parents, and especially the students. He is right.  I yield the floor.  