Speaker, I visited Puerto Rico, and believe me when I say the fiscal crisis the island is facing is, in every way, a crisis. Hospitals can't pay their bills. They have closed wings of the hospital. One hospital is $4 million in debt because they haven't paid an electric bill.  Some people will point out that this is largely a crisis of Puerto Rico's own making. They are right; the gentleman from Illinois is wrong.  Puerto Rico has had internal self-government for over 50 years. It wasn't the Congress that forced Puerto Rico to pile up debt after debt after debt after debt; and it wasn't the Congress that tapped Puerto Rico on the shoulder until now and said: You can't sustain this debt.  There already have been two defaults. There is a $2 billion default coming on the 1st of July because they don't have the money to even do their debt service; and despite this dire situation, the Puerto Rican Government has increased its spending on everything except, ironically, debt service.  I see what is happening in Puerto Rico as a cautionary tale for us here in Washington and here in the Congress of the United States.  Now, PROMESA is not rewarding bad behavior. If we wanted to reward bad behavior, we would pay billions of dollars in a taxpayer-financed bailout to finance all of this irresponsible borrowing that has been going on in Puerto Rico.  Significantly, this bill does not commit one penny of taxpayer funds to bail out Puerto Rico. The fiscal oversight board is designed to help Puerto Ricans set their finances in order when they have failed to do so by themselves.  Now, let me say something. I heard the gentleman from Illinois talk about us treating Puerto Rico as a colony. That has not been the case since Mr. Munoz Marin, the legendary Governor of Puerto Rico, persuaded this Congress to give Puerto Rico internal self-government. What has happened here is internal self-government has failed, and that is why we are talking about this today.  I don't think many of my constituents in Wisconsin or Mr. Duffy's constituents or Chairman Bishop's constituents really were concerned aboutPuerto Rico, but we were; and we stepped up to the plate and offered a solution that has attracted bipartisan support and the support of the administration.  What do we hear from the opponents of this piece of legislation, one of whom just spoke very eloquently? It is wrong. It is bad. We shouldn't do that. We are ignoring the people of Puerto Rico.  Well, we are not doing that. We are making sure in this bill that the pain is shared. If this bill doesn't pass, there is no plan B, and Puerto Rico is going to collapse into an economic morass. There is no plan B.  I haven't heard anything from those who are opposed to this bill on what their alternative is. They have had a year to come up with their alternative, and all they do is make fiery speeches against what has been a very long and patient negotiated process. They are not a part of the solution. They are trying to engender more opposition, and they are a part of the problem.  Pass this rule. Pass this bill. Let's get Puerto Rico back on track, and this is a way to do it with some help from the oversight board.  Puerto Ricans are going to have to do this themselves. They haven't been able to do it without a tap on the shoulder. Too bad there is an oversight board, but that is the only game in town.  