. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act.  The misuse of and addiction to opioids, such as heroin, morphine, and other prescription pain medications, has had a devastating hold on this country. It affects every State and every district. Prescription painkillers and heroin are the primary driving forces behind this epidemic. According to the Federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in 2014, 45 percent of the people who used heroin reported that they were also addicted to prescription painkillers.  Additionally, drug overdoses now surpass automobile accidents as the leading cause of injury-related death for Americans between the ages of 25 and 64. Nearly a half million Americans lost their lives to drug overdoses in 2015. More than 800 of those deaths occurred in my home State of Wisconsin, double the number of deaths from overdoses in 2004, just 11 years earlier. Yet, despite these staggering numbers, the crisis is getting worse. Drug overdose deaths have increased 137 percent since 2010, with opioid-related overdose deaths increasing by 200 percent.  The moment to reverse our current course and make a genuine and lasting impact in the fight against addiction is here. All over the country, people are calling on Congress to find solutions. In townhall meetings, on the campaign trail, and through social media, lawmakers are hearing heartbreaking stories from families and friends of addicted individuals and leaders of impacted communities.  There is no single solution to this epidemic. The most effective way to approach addiction is to pursue a comprehensive response, which must include a strict focus on prevention, law enforcement strategies to stop drug dealers and traffickers, a plan to address overdosing, and a plan to strengthen opioid abuse treatment and recovery options for those struggling with their addiction.  The Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act is an important piece of this puzzle. While State and local officials and community organizations must be at the forefront of confronting this challenge, the Federal Government should help support these efforts. My legislation authorizes the Attorney General to make grants available to States and localities for a number of services related to opioid and heroin abuse.  The grant program contains eight allowable uses of the grant funds, which are broadly construed to give States flexibility in responding to the epidemic within their borders, meaning not a one-size-fits-all program. These include alternatives to the incarceration programs; collaboration between criminal justice agencies and substance abuse systems; training for first responders in carrying and administering opioid overdose reversal drugs, including naloxone; and prescription drug monitoring programs.  It is imperative that we pursue aggressive measures to stint opioids' dangerous progression, for a stronger, more prosperous America. The Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act is a commonsense and bipartisan approach that addresses the issue head-on and will make a positive impact on our fight against addiction. H.R. 5046 is fully offset and contains strong accountability provisions to ensure funding is spent wisely.  I want to thank Chairman Goodlatte and my colleagues in the Senate for their tremendous work while addressing the opioid epidemic. I am optimistic that, with passage of this bill and the additional opioid measures the House of Representatives is considering this week, we can go quickly to conference and send meaningful legislation to the President for his signature. I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 5046.  