President, today the Senate will vote on the Safe, Accountable, Flexible, and Efficient Transportation Equity Act of 2003, SAFETEA, S. 1072. I support this legislation. I believe it is a good first step toward funding our Nation's transportation infrastructure and creating jobs.  I would like to take this opportunity to discuss the benefits of this legislation for my home State of Illinois.  The Federal transportation bill, S. 1072, would make the largest investment to date in our Nation's aging infrastructure, $318 billion over the next 6 years. In short, this legislation would increase the State of Illinois's total Federal transportation dollars and provide greater flexibility. It would help improve the condition of Illinois's roads and bridges, improve funding for mass transit in Chicago and down State, reduce traffic congestion, and address highway safety and protection of our environment.  The bill would provide $255 billion over 6 years for highways and other surface transportation programs. Illinois has the third largest Interstate System in the country; however, its roads and bridges are rated among the worst in the Nation. The State can expect to receive more than $7.6 billion over 6 years from the highway formula contained in the Senate bill. That is a 37-percent increase or $2 billion more than the last transportation bill, TEA-21.  With these additional funds, the Illinois Department of Transportation will be able to move forward on major reconstruction and rehabilitation projects throughout the State.  Mass transit funding is vitally important to the Chicago metropolitan area as well as to many downstate communities. It helps alleviate traffic congestion, lessen air emissions, and provides access for thousands of Illinoisans every day. S. 1072 includes $56 billion over 6 years for mass transit. Illinois would receive about $2.9 billion over 6 years under the Senate bill, an increase of $500 million or 21 percent more than the last transportation bill.  This legislation also preserves some important environmental and enhancement programs, including the Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality, CMAQ, Program. CMAQ's goal is to help States meet their air quality conformity requirements as prescribed by the Clean Air Act. The Senate bill would increase funding for CMAQ from $8 billion to $13 billion--an increase of 62.5 percent. Illinois received more than $460 million in CMAQ funds in TEA-21; the State is expected to receive an increase in CMAQ funding under the Senate bill.  With regard to highway safety, Illinois is one of 20 States that has enacted a primary seatbelt law. S. 1072 would enable the State of Illinois and other States that have passed primary seatbelt laws to obtain Federal funds to implement this program and further improve highway safety.  I know this legislation is not a perfect document. Illinois's highway formula will be improved by this Senate bill, and I hope our House colleagues can add to our effort. Amtrak reauthorization and rail freight transportation funding are noticeably absent. And important road and transit projects from around my home State have not yet been included. I will work with my Illinois colleagues in the House to ensure that Illinois receives a fair share of transportation funds--highway, transit, and highway safety--in the final conference report.  With the passage of this legislation, the Senate has upheld its obligation to reauthorize and improve our Nation's important transportation programs.  I urge my colleagues in the House to move quickly to resolve their differences. This bill should have beenpassed last year. Any further delay at this point could jeopardize construction and the jobs we so desperately need in Illinois.  