I am aware of his State's experience. I am not an expert on it, but I read a little bit about it.  I will say to him I will be citing some statistics in the course of my remarks that will show that the caps on recovery for victims of medical negligence have reduced premiums in some States but not in others. It is an unpredictable outcome, when you reduce the exposure of a doctor for his malpractice, as to whether or not the cost of medical malpractice premiums goes down.  I would further say to the Senator from Texas, if our goal is simply to reduce medical malpractice premiums, frankly, we could stop people from suing in court. We could basically say you can't go to a courthouse if you are a victim. Malpractice insurance would cease to exist in that case.  What we are trying to do here is find a balance, a balance that is just and fair and says if you are an innocent victim of medical negligence, you are entitled to a day in court and a reasonable recovery. That doesn't mean you can come in and expect punitive damages in every instance, or some enormous verdict in every instance, but we should be able to say that if you are a victim, you will be able to recover a reasonable amount for your injuries.  I say to the Senator from Texas, in this bill, this jury of the Senate has decided that we know the maximum amount any woman or baby should be entitled to recover in a medical malpractice action for noneconomic losses. We are saying here that, regardless of the facts, regardless of the culpability of the doctor, regardless of the circumstances, regardless of how serious the injury is, the maximum amount which the jury of the Senate will render in verdict for the victim is $250,000 for pain, suffering, and disfigurement.  I say to my friend from Texas, there are some who say that is just the price you have to pay; if you want to keep malpractice premiums down, you are going to have to say in some circumstances there is going to be an outcome that makes us feel a little uncomfortable. I am going to give examples of specific cases where $250,000 inpain and suffering is not even close to compensating the family and the child who are the victims of malpractice in these OB/GYN circumstances.  