Jackson comes at this issue a little differently. Mr. Jackson says, let's take a close look and see how many are graduating who are minorities, African Americans. He says:       This is March Madness . . . but now NCAA has quietly      adjusted the graduation rates to satisfy ``a new      interpretation'' of federal laws which say that information      on any category containing only one or two students ``must be      suppressed.''  What it basically means is that these schools will not publish the graduation rates of their athletes, and particularly will not publish the graduation rates of the African-American athletes who are playing basketball.       Because of the new rules [as interpreted by the NCAA], 37      of the 65 men's teams in this year's tournament did not      publish graduation rates of their African-American players.      Sixteen schools published no graduation rates at all.       Nine of the 16 schools that mysteriously had no graduation      rate whatsoever just happen to include last year's most      hideous offenders. . . .  He lists the following universities: Alabama University, zero-percent graduation rate for Black players, and 13 percent overall--this is in a 2002 report--Cincinnati, zero percent for African-American athletes, 17 percent overall; Louisville, zero percent for Black men, 10 percent overall; Kentucky, 13 percent for African Americans, 33 percent overall; Southern Illinois, 14 percent for Black men, 27 percent overall; Memphis, zero percent in both groups, Black and White basketball players not graduating; Nevada, zero percent for Black men, 20 percent overall; Virginia Commonwealth, zero percent in both categories; Alabama State, zero percent, period.  He goes on to list the schools that can point with pride to their graduation rates. Kansas, Air Force, Manhattan, Gonzaga, Vanderbilt, Central Florida, Duke, Princeton, Valparaiso, Stanford, Monmouth, and Xavier all had African-American player graduation rates of at least 67 percent.       Among New England schools in the men's and women's      tournament, the Connecticut men's team published its general      and woeful graduation rate of 27 percent, but withheld [the      graduation rate for African Americans].  Rates for Providence's men were 42 percent overall; 50 percent for Black men. Vermont's men were 55 percent on their men's basketball team overall, and they withheld the figure for their African-American athletes.  Mr. President, the reason I think these two items should be in the Record is that all of us enjoy watching college basketball. But, frankly, if these athletes we are watching are not really college students, we are not watching the best of college basketball; we are watching the best of colleges and universities that are sending teams of so-called students who have not even a ghost of a chance of ever graduating from their institution.  These men in the men's tournament are being used. They are being used as players on the court in the hope that some of them will end up in professional basketball. I am sure that is their ambition, but such a small percentage ever do.  So we watch and applaud and talk about our alma maters and their devotion to education when, in fact, these schools know full well that the people who are being put on the court to play this game are, frankly, never going to graduate in most instances in many of these schools.  What do the universities get out of it? A lot of money. They go to the NCAA tournament, and the money comes back to them in revenue, money that might have been spent to help some of their players get the help they need to go on to graduate. But, sadly, that never happens.  Mr. President, I am going to be looking at this interpretation of the NCAA rule which allows them to suppress and, frankly, refuse to publish the graduation rate of African-American players who are at the NCAA tournament, and, frankly, in all other sports. I think that should be public knowledge. I think the leaders at the universities have an obligation to not only put the best basketball teams on the court but to make certain those teams are made up of real students who, with the help of the university,are going to end up graduating someday and have a college education on which to build their lives.  Unfortunately, today, that is not the case. As the Chicago Tribune editorial concludes, when it comes to men's basketball, though, ``most schools apparently care more about winning than anything else. That approach creates far too many losers.''  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  