President, for the edification of my colleagues, we are working on a procedural agreement on how to address these amendments in a timely fashion. I hope we can reach that agreement, and I think we will soon. In the meantime, I will speak to the merits of the issue. Senators Harkin and Hatch have offered an amendment relative to dietary supplements to the bill before us, the DOD authorization bill.  People are asking, Why would you have a debate over dietary supplements on this bill? Sadly, the fact is dietary supplements have been such a danger to our Armed Forces that between 1997 and 2001, 30 Active-Duty personnel in the U.S. military have died after taking ephedra, a dietary supplement marketed for weight loss and energy and was eventually banned by all branches of the armed services, and ultimately by the FDA.  In fact, the danger of ephedra-containing dietary supplements was first noted by our Armed Forces when they looked at the prevalence of their usage and the dangerous outcomes from these supplements. Before the FDA took this product off the market in America, the U.S. military took it off the market on all of our military bases and warned our soldiers. U.S. Armed Forces Commander, COL Jerald Cross said:       The bottom line is that dietary supplements are not a safe      choice for soldiers or their families.  To argue that the issue of dietary supplements has no place in the Department of Defense authorization bill ignores the obvious. Soldiers serving America have died taking dietary supplements that were sold on military bases. As a result of those deaths and serious outcomes of more than 30 soldiers, the military banned dietary supplements, and particularly those containing ephedra. Now they are watchful of many others.  Recently published in one of the military publications was an article on performance-related supplements, it detailed the product, claim, and fact, so that members of the Armed Forces know the danger of dietary supplements. To suggest that this issue doesn't belong on this DOD bill is wrong. It is an issue which may not rise to the moment of fighting a war in Iraq or a war on terrorism, but it is a life-and-death issue which has claimed the lives of 30 unsuspecting, innocent, patriotic Americans serving in our Armed Forces.  Before us today is an alternative being offered by Senators Harkin and Hatch. Both of them were involved in the early days in the creation of the bill that regulates dietary supplements in America. It is worth a minute or 2 to describe to those following the debate what this is about. The decision was made in 1994 to create a category of compounds being sold and call them dietary supplements. We originally had, of course, prescription drugs, over-the-counter drugs, and foods; and in 1994 the decision was made to create this new category of dietary supplements. Within that category falls a lot of benign and safe products that many of us take every day. I took my vitamin this morning. I asked Senator Harkin, and he took his, too. That is good. Maybe it is good for me, maybe it is not. I think it might be good for me to take it and so do millions of other Americans.  The obvious question is, when you go beyond the multivitamins, the vitamin C, fish oil, flax oil--when you go beyond these into new compounds called dietary supplements that are sold with the stated purpose of helping you to have more energy, to lose weight, then you have moved beyond the simple compounds in vitamins and minerals and into new combinations which, frankly, fall into the category of dietary supplements.  So how are these supplements tested? There is one thing Senators Hatch and Harkin have not mentioned, which should be on the record. Dietary supplements, before they are sold to Americans, are not tested. There is no requirement in the law for dietary supplements to be tested. So when these products come to the shelves of our local vitamin and mineral nutrition store, or the local drugstore, and you walk in and read the label and think you would like to have more energy, soyou will take this dietary supplement, understand this: You are a test case. You are testing this product. You are going to decide from your physical reaction whether this product is safe, whether, in fact, it should be sold in America.  Secondly, what if it is not? What if the dietary supplement, created by some company here or overseas, is not safe? What if you take an ephedra product, as a 16-year-old high school student did a few miles from my home--he bought it at a gas station over the counter and washed it down with Mountain Dew because he wanted more energy for his high school football game. He took the product and started feeling poorly and died the next day of a heart attack--a healthy 16-year-old boy--from an ephedra product.  Ask yourself, if his family contacted the company that sold the product and said, what--he bought Yellow Jackets, which is the name of the ephedra product. If they notify the company, what does Senator Hatch's law require the company to do with that information? A 16-year-old boy died from that Yellow Jacket. The answer is, there is nothing, no requirement--none whatsoever--to report a death or heart attack or stroke from a dietary supplement. That is what DSHEA--the Dietary Supplement Health Education Act--is all about. There is no testing in advance to make sure the supplement is safe, no testing to make sure it actually gives you more energy, even if it claims it does on the label, and no requirement of the company making the supplement to notify the Government that people are getting sick and dying from taking the product.  How many Americans know that? How many Americans know that when you walk into that drugstore and grab that bottle of Metabolife, one of the biggest sellers of dietary supplements, that this product, a stimulant that could be dangerous for some people, has never ever been tested? No clinical testing whatsoever. How many people know that the claims that this product, Metabolife, gives you more energy have never been verified? They just state that on the label.  Consumer beware. How many people knew that Metabolife, which sold millions of dollars' worth to consumers all across America, caused significant adverse events when it was combined with ephedra? About 4 years ago, they went to Metabolife and asked: How many people have reported having taken your product and had bad results?  Metabolife said: None, zero.  Then do you know what happened? Lawsuits and investigations showed they lied, they deceived the Government. They had over 16,500 adverse events of Metabolife with ephedra reported. They never told the Government, but because of lawsuits, they were forced to disclose them. Some of them were extremely serious. More than 100 people had died from these ephedra-related products, and there was no requirement under DSHEA whatsoever for that company to report to the Government that, in fact, people had died as a result of taking it.  My amendment says, if you want to sell a dietary supplement containing a stimulant on a military base, you have to report to the Food and Drug Administration if there is a serious adverse health event from the product you are selling. If someone has a stroke, is hospitalized, faces some serious injury, or dies, you have to report it.  Now, is that too much to ask? Is that so radical that this industry is now flooding e-mails across America about this terrible Durbin amendment?  This is what they say about it: The Durbin amendment holds dietary supplements to a higher level of scrutiny than prescription drugs, over-the-counter drugs, and food additives. Partially true. Certainly a higher level than food additives. I do not think people who sell cinnamon, vanilla extract, or salt and pepper should be required to send in adverse event reports to the Food and Drug Administration, but I do believe if someone is selling Metabolife with ephedra or its latest replacement drug, this citrus aurantium, bitter orange, and people die as a result of it, yes, I think it ought to be reported. I would think if someone is buying dietary supplements, at the very minimum they would want that company to report to the Government that someone is dying from their products.  Now we have my colleagues from Iowa and Utah tell us this is an outrageous request, that it goes too far, that what we are asking for in this amendment is entirely unnecessary. At one point, they have called for a study that the Food and Drug Administration would engage in to determine whether these so-called adverse event reports should take place, not just for dietary supplements but for over-the-counter drugs.  There is nothing wrong with a study. In fact, a study is such a good idea that it has already been done, and it was released this year. Who asked for this study on dietary supplements? The Food and Drug Administration. Whom did they turn to ask for it? The Institute of Medicine.  I do not think this Institute has any ax to grind. These are professionals and they were asked to take a look at the dietary supplement regulatory structure.  Do my colleagues know what they found on page 13.5? Here is the recommendation from the Institute of Medicine: Congress should amend DSHEA to require that a manufacturer and distributor report to the FDA in a timely manner any serious adverse event associated with use of its marketed product of which the manufacturer or distributor is aware.  That is exactly what my amendment calls for when it comes to sales on military bases.  The Senator from Utah has said, Why are we not taking this up in a larger context? Why are we not discussing this for all dietary supplements for all Americans? I am for it. Let us hold the hearings.  I have already held three hearings in the Government Affairs Committee on dietary supplements. As a result of the first hearing, we started sending letters to Secretary Tommy Thompson of Health and Human Services, and after over a year of deliberation the Food and Drug Administration joined my State of Illinois and others, the nation of Canada, military bases, as well as major sports organizations, and called for the banning of ephedra. They said that dietary supplement was too dangerous.  Well, we held our hearings. I am certainly open to holding more, but we have a good starting point. It appears everybody agrees and understands the premise that if one is going to sell a product in America, that is supposedly designed to make people healthier, then, at the very minimum, when that product causes a bad health result, a serious adverse health result, it should be required to be reported so we can gather that information. If we find that 5, 10, 15, 20, 100, or 1,000 people are getting sick from this dietary supplement, for goodness' sake, would we not want to take it off the shelf? Do we not owe that to the American consumers?  Some argue, like the industry: Leave us alone. Let us sell whatever we want. Let us make whatever health claims we want. We should not have to test our products. We should not have to even have standards when it comes to what is included in those products.  I say to Senator Hatch, it has been 10 years since he enacted DSHEA and he knows, as I do, that the Food and Drug Administration has yet to promulgate good manufacturing practices for that industry. Do my colleagues know what that means? Ten years after Senator Hatch and Senator Harkin worked on this law, it means that even the things that are represented on the labels of these dietary supplements are not necessarily true. There is no requirement to list the purity of the ingredients. There is no requirement in terms of standards and contents of these ingredients. Here we are 10 years after this law was enacted and it is the Wild West. It is a product and an industry with, frankly, little or no regulation.  They put one provision in there which is supposed to give us some comfort, and cold comfort it is. The Food and Drug Administration, which, in the opinion of some has lots of resources and lots of time to spend on this thing, can decide that a product for sale in America is dangerous, investigate it, and remove it. The burden is not on the producer, the manufacturer; the burden is on the Government to prove it is dangerous.  So how often do my colleagues think the Food and Drug Administration can comb through the shelves of these nutrition and drug stores and come upwith the new combinations and test them to find out that they are safe? That is an impossible responsibility to shift to the Food and Drug Administration. As a result of that----  