President, in Illinois, and I would say in Iowa, in North Dakota, in Connecticut, in Nevada--you pick the town, you pick the spot on Main Street, and you pick the first person walking by and ask them the following question: Is it a good thing for America that good-paying jobs are now going overseas, that businesses are outsourcing their jobs to foreign countries and taking jobs away from Americans?  You pick it, and I will stand by the results of that informal poll anywhere in America. You know the answer.  True or false: Is it good or bad for American companies to be eliminating jobs in the United States and outsourcing them overseas? That is what is before us. That is the question.  If you think the answer is obvious, it is not obvious to the President, nor to his economic advisers because the President's economic adviser, Mr. Mankiw, reported to Congress on his behalf a few weeks ago that it was, indeed, a good thing we are now outsourcing jobs to other countries.  I am sure you are saying: I expect to hear that from Durbin because he sits on the other side of the aisle, and he is bound to misrepresent what the President's Council of Economic Advisers says to Congress, so allow me to read:       One facet of increased service trade is the increased use      of offshore outsourcing in which a company relocates labor      intensive service industry functions to another country.  He goes on to say:       The basic economic forces behind the transactions are the      same, however, when a good or service is produced      more cheaply abroad, it makes more sense to import it than      to make or provide it domestically.  The commonsense answer to the question about whether American jobs outsourced overseas are good for America that you are going to get on the streets in any city of America is not the same conclusion reached by the Bush administration in their economic report.  What was the reaction on Capitol Hill to Mr. Mankiw's statement that outsourcing jobs to foreign producers would be a good thing?  The Republican leaders, including the Republican Speaker of the House, ran from this report like a scalded cat. They disavowed it and said he was wrong. He put out 2 or 3 days' worth of corrections about it.  But the bottom line is, if you look at what has happened in America, Senator Dodd's amendment addresses the reality. More and more service jobs--good-paying service jobs--are going overseas.  In my apartment in Chicago Saturday afternoon at 4 o'clock, the phone rings. It happened to me twice, two different Saturdays. I do not know why 4 o'clock is the right time, but maybe as I tell the story you will understand why it is.  Mr. Durbin?  Yes.  This is Nancy. I wanted to call and tell you that your Discover card is on the way.  Nancy, I didn't order a Discover card.  Well, we are going to send you one anyway.  Nancy, where are you calling from?  And Nancy says to me: I'm calling from Delaware.  Really, what city in Delaware, Nancy?  Pause.  I said New Delhi.  She said: No, Bangalore.  She was calling from India. She honestly acknowledged that, as did a caller a few weeks later. So major credit card companies, such as Visa and Discover, are starting to use callers in India and other countries in Asia to call into the United States. Those are jobs lost in America.  I visited India 2 weeks ago. I ran into a delightful woman in New Delhi who said she had a Ph.D. in mathematics, and she was working for an American brokerage company, Fidelity. I know Fidelity. I do business there. She handles their information technology in India. Is this good? Is it good for us to lose computer programmers, software engineers, good-paying high-tech jobs to India and China? I don't think it is such a good thing. But, frankly, the President's economic adviser says it is a healthy thing.  Senator Dodd comes in and with a very modest amendment says: Perhaps when it comes to our own Government work, we should draw the line on whether or not the Federal Government will give money to an entity which turns around and outsources jobs overseas. He makes exceptions. Senator Dodd, in his amendment, says if it is necessary for national security, then we will waive it, or if the service to be performed is not capable of being performed in the United States, we will waive it. I believe there is also a waiver if the country where the jobs are going to be placed allows the United States to contract for services there so there is some reciprocity.  This is an extremely reasonable and sensible amendment. But if you will listen to my colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle, they are scared to death of this amendment. They do not want to vote on it. In their heart of hearts, they obviously agree with Mr. Mankiw. They think the outsourcing of jobs overseas is a healthy thing. I do not. But I would defy any of my colleagues to go home to Main Street--you pick the town--and defend it. Say to the people that the 4,000 jobs that leave IBM and go to India is a good thing for America. I don't believe it is.  Senator Dodd has made a modest proposal that says let's stop the bleeding. Let's start talking about jobs in America. Let's try to go beyond the obvious, and that is this economy is in recession and struggling to recover, and start talking about focusing on jobs in America.  I voted for free trade. I believe in trade. I believe globalization is as inevitable as gravity. It is happening. It is going to happen. But I continue to be concerned that when it comes to these trade agreements, the first thing our negotiators do, after we pass them into law, is to wave the white flag and say: We surrender; come take advantage of the United States. And people do.  It has happened to us time and again. It has happened to us in the manufacturing of durable goods. Steel is a good illustration. Japan, Brazil, and Russia dumped steel in the United States for years and ran companies out of business. It cost thousands of steelworker jobs. And the Clinton administration at that time sadly did little or nothing about it. The Bush administration imposed a tariff for a short time and recently removed it.  Frankly, our steel industry is, once again, not only weak but vulnerable because we are not taking a tough position in enforcing the trade agreements for which we voted.  I am for expanding trade but under rules that will be enforced so when people engage in unfair trade practices against the United States, we stand up immediately for the workers and businesses that are disadvantaged.  Look at the situation in China. My friend and colleague, Senator Schumer of New York, is coming forward with a bill, which I support, and I know the Presiding Officer is involved in it as well, which says the Chinese currency valuation gives them a 15- to 40-percent advantage over American manufacturers. What does it mean?  Companies in China are running American manufacturers out of business because they manipulate their currency. That is an unfair trade practice, and they are killing us with it.  They now enjoy a huge surplus of trade with the United States. The Senator from North Dakota said there was over $100 billion in Chinese trade surplus with the United States?  