President, I offer this amendment to the bill because of a serious health danger which exists in America and one that has been demonstrated clearly on military bases.  Military personnel are under unusual pressure to be physically fit. The conditions under which they work and train are often harsh and demanding, making physical strength and endurance essential. The pressure makes dietary supplements particularly attractive to members of our armed services, especially products marketed for weight loss and performance enhancement.  A 1999 study by the U.S. Army Research Institute for Environmental Medicine found that 85 percent of the more than 2,200 male soldiers surveyed reported using dietary supplements. A military study conducted by the Department of the Navy found that overall 73 percent of personnel reported a history of supplement use, with the numbers as high as 89 percent among marines. When broken down by supplement category, the survey by the Department of the Navy showed that 26 percent of marines took supplements containing stimulants.  Most dietary supplements are safe and provide health benefits to those who take them. This morning I took my vitamins. I don't know if it will make me live longer. I hope it will. I don't think it did me any harm. Millions of Americans take vitamins and minerals every morning believing it is good for them. They are probably right. Medical science proves that.  Within the category of dietary supplements, however, are not just vitamins and minerals but other combinations of chemicals, some naturally occurring, which are not as benign as the vitamins and minerals we take in the morning. There are some supplements, specifically those containing stimulants, which are often marketed for energy promotion, performance enhancement, and weight loss. We know they can cause harm.  Between 1997 and 2001, 30 Active-Duty personnel in America's Armed Forces died after taking dietary supplements containing ephedra. That was a supplement marketed across the United States with names such as Metabolife for weight loss and energy. Eventually that substance was banned by the Federal Government, by my State of Illinois, and others. It had already been banned by the U.S. military, the nation of Canada, banned for use in athletics on the professional level, and by the NCAA, but it has been banned now by the FDA.  A list of adverse events related to dietary supplements released by the Navy includes health events such as death, rapid heart rate, shortness of breath, severe chest pain, and becoming increasingly delusional. These are members of the Armed Forces who are going to base exchanges and buying dietary supplements which are dangerous. They look at what is printed on the bottle. They think they are safe. They buy them with sometimes disastrous results.  Unfortunately, most of the time adverse events such as those I described are not even known to the Food and Drug Administration or to the public because the companies that make the products don't report these bad results. If you walk into a drugstore today, anyplace in America, and you go to the prescription counter with your prescription from the doctor and you get the pills, here is what you know about the pills you are holding. They have been clinically tested for safety so that you can be reasonably sure that if you ingest them you will not die, and that they are likely to achieve the result they are supposed to achieve.  Secondly, if something goes wrong with one of those pills, if you take it and get sick and notify the company, they are bound by law to notify the Food and Drug Administration. If something happens, the Food and Drug Administration says: We may have to remove this from the market to make sure it is still safe. That is the law that applies to prescription drugs.  Now go to the over-the-counter drugs where you don't need a prescription. Have they been tested? The component parts of virtually all over-the-counter drugs have gone through the same testing to make sure they are safe and effective.  Now move over to the section of the drugstore that has the vitamins, minerals, and dietary supplements. None of those rules apply. There has been no testing of that dietary supplement which says it is going to give you energy or help you lose weight, no testing whatsoever.  Let me take that back. The testing is taking place as you buy it. You are the test case, as the consumer. You are ingesting this compound to see what happens. But safety testing of the dietary supplement is not required. What happens if they are dangerous, like ephedra? What if they cause people to have a stroke, heart attack, high blood pressure, or death? Does the company that makes the dietary supplement have any obligation to notify the Government that the product is dangerous? Absolutely not, no requirement whatsoever. That adverse event reporting for prescription drugs does not apply to dietary supplements.  My amendment would require manufacturers of dietary supplements that sell supplements containing stimulants on military installations to turn over to the FDA serious adverse event reports relating to their products. These would include adverse events such as death, life-threatening condition, hospitalization, persistent disability or incapacity, or birth defects. We made a specific exemption in this amendment for supplement beverages containing caffeine, such as tea and sports drinks.  The Office of the Inspector General at the Department of Health and Human Services estimated in 2001 that less than 1 percent of all adverse events associated with dietary supplements are reported to the FDA. The Institute of Medicine issued a report last month recommending that adverse event reporting become mandatory for dietary supplement manufacturers.  They asserted that:       While spontaneous adverse event reports have recognized      limitations, they have considerable strength as potential      warning signals of problems requiring attention, making      monitoring by the FDA worthwhile.  The Institute of Medicine recommended that Congress amend the 1994 supplement law, DSHEA, and require manufacturers of supplements to report to the FDA in a timely manner any serious adverse event associated with their products.  The men and women in uniform serving this country face enough danger in the field. They should not have to worry about the so-called health products being sold on military bases with the approval of the Federal Government that may, in fact, be dangerous to their health. This is the minimum we should require of companies selling dietary supplements on military bases, that they be forced to notify the FDA if the product they are selling to our soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines, and members of the Coast Guard are, in fact, dangerous and cause serious adverse health events such as death and stroke.  In closing, let me tell you what the dietary supplement industry is doing to lobby against this amendment. This is an outrage. This multibillion-dollar industry that sells dietary supplement products all across America without testing them to make sure they are safe and without reporting to the Federal Government when they become lethal and kill people opposes my amendment which would require that they notify the FDA when people face stroke and adverse events, death and serious health consequences.  This is what they are saying on their e-mail to their customers: The Durbin bill will hold dietary supplements to a higher level of scrutiny than prescription drugs, over-the-counter drugs, and food additives. They are wrong. Supplements face none of the up-front scrutiny that prescription drugs, over-the-counter drugs and food additives face, nor are they required to report adverse events as prescription drugs are.  The standard we are establishing is the same standard. They should live by the same standard. We lost 30 American soldiers to these dietary supplements, which were lethal. At this point in time, as a minimum, we should require these companies to report to the FDA, when their products are killing people. If they will not report, they should not be allowed to sell their product on military bases. The military banned ephedra when they found out it was killing our soldiers.  We should not test-market dietary supplements on our soldiers. That is what my amendment will do. I hope the Senate will adopt it and that we will show concern for the military and their families and protect them as we should protect every American consumer.  At this point, I ask unanimous consent that my amendment be set aside. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment.  