It is entitled ``Running a Hospital Like a Factory, in a Good Way.''  The article tells a story of a hospital in suburban St. Louis, the SSM St. Joseph Health Center. It is a very complimentary article. The hospital is a nonprofit institution run by the Franciscan Sisters of Mary and the chief executive, a former seminarian, has really decided to make St. Joseph's Hospital different. They have decided they are going to go after quality control and the reduction of patient injuries and accidents at their hospital. They are using techniques that are used by private industry. I will quote from the article:       Other hospitals are also starting to use some of the      techniques that have made the hospital industry more      efficient in its quest to improve quality and save money.      Every year, preventable medical errors cost $9 billion, and      tens of thousands of lives, according to a recent study by      the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, . . .  So this hospital, St. Joseph's, in suburban St. Louis, decided to consult with General Electric, a major corporation, to find a way to make the services they offer to their patients better. They are using a process called Six Sigma. It is a statistical measure and refers to the goal of reducing errors to 3.5 parts per million. What they found is this:       New devotees of quality are beginning to measure and      analyze everything from waste and waiting time to infection      rates and the narrow avoidances of mistakes in treatment, as      well as organizational barriers to improvement.  The article says:       In a culture ruled by a fear of malpractice, the focus on      quality involves a shift from secrecy to transparency--     including reporting and dissecting mistakes.  Let me go on in the article. They noted here one specific example. The New England Journal of Medicine had linked high glucose levels to an increased chance of infection, so this hospital decided, particularly in the emergency room and for critical patients, to continue to monitor their glucose levels to avoid the incidence of infection. The blood sugars declined among patients when they started monitoring them and administering insulin to keep blood sugars down. Simply by using this quality approach to reduce the likelihood of infection, this hospital reduced the overall mortality in the intensive care unit by 40 percent. The results were so astonishing that the hospital--and I quote again:       . . . decided to make the reduction of glucose levels of      all patients, not just those in intensive care, a quality      goal. Today, all patients are given glucose tests and, if      necessary, get insulin. Hospitalwide, that change is credited      with reducing deaths overall, not just from infection, by 28      percent from the average recorded from 1998 to 2001.       Blood sugar in this hospital, once measured four times a      day, now is measured 12 times a day.  Those who follow this debate and will read this article in the Congressional Record I think will understand the point I am trying to make. If we are going to reduce the likelihood of doctors being sued for malpractice, the first stop in that conversation should be the reduction of medical errors. If we do that, we are serving two goals: reducing doctors' exposure to malpractice and we are making certain that patients will go through their medical experience with a much better outcome.  You would think that would be the first title in this bill, ``Reducing Medical Accidents, Reducing Medical Errors.'' This bill does not even address that. This bill says that after you are injured, after you have gone to court, after you have successfully been given a verdict, this bill is going to restrict and reduce the amount of money you can recover.  From an insurance company's point of view and the view of some doctors, that is good enough. But from the viewpoint of making American hospitals and medical practice safer, that is hardly the place to start. Frankly, this bill does not address the core issue.  