President, let me cut through some of the rhetoric and tell you what the SAFE Act does.  The SAFE Act would place reasonable checks on what are known as roving wiretaps. Typically, when the Government seeks a warrant authorizing a wiretap, its application must specify the individual and the phone that will be tapped. A recommendation on roving wiretaps came to us in the PATRIOT Act because of the obvious: There was a time and place in America when people had one telephone at work, one telephone at home, and if the Government sought to tap that telephone to find out what was going on, it was pretty obvious which telephone lines needed to be tapped. Now we live in a different world where people carry around phones in their pockets. People may have several phones.  So the Government asked for additional authority to focus on those who were engaged in telephone conversations on numerous different telephone lines. Roving wiretaps do not require the Government to specify the phone being tapped. They are designed to allow law enforcement to track targets that evade surveillance by frequently changing phones.  Before the PATRIOT Act, they were only permitted for criminal investigations, not intelligence investigations. The PATRIOT Act authorized the FBI to use roving wiretaps for intelligence purposes for the first time. I supported this. I thought it was a reasonable expansion of wiretap authority because it is important that intelligence investigators have that authority.  Unfortunately, the PATRIOT Act did not include the same limits on these powers that exist for criminal investigations. These limits would have protected innocent Americans from unjustified surveillance. It is a basic tenet of law that if you are going to tap a conversation, the Government has to be specific enough so as to protect innocent people. We should not allow the Government at any given time to impose a wiretap on a phone that anybody might use. The Government should be specific, protecting in the process the privacy of innocent people, while clearly targeting those with a wiretap who could be guilty of a crime or guilty of activities that are treasonous.  Under the PATRIOT Act, the FBI is not required to determine whether the target of the wiretap is physically present at the location being wiretapped before beginning the wiretap, as it is for criminal wiretaps. The ascertainment requirement, as it is known, ensures innocent Americans are not wiretapped unnecessarily, especially when the FBI wiretaps a public telephone.  The FBI is now permitted to obtain a John Doe roving wiretap for intelligence purposes, a sweeping authority never before authorized by Congress. A John Doe roving wiretap does not specify the person or the phone to be wiretapped. In other words, the FBI can obtain a wiretap without telling a court whom they want to wiretap and where they want to wiretap. This is a virtually limitless power.  The SAFE Act, which we have introduced, would continue to authorize roving wiretaps for intelligence purposes but would impose reasonable limits, the same limits that exist for criminal investigations. Law enforcement would be required to determine whether the target of the wiretap is physically present before beginning the wiretap. The FBI would not be able to obtain ``John Doe'' roving wiretaps. These protections would ensure that the Government does not wiretap innocent Americans.  Secondly, the SAFE Act would impose reasonable limits on sneak-and-peek searches. Sneak-and-peek searches are conducted secretly by the FBI with no notice to the target until some time after the search.  You have all seen the scene on television--maybe you are familiar with it from your community--where there is a knock on the door and a law enforcement official says: I have a warrant to search your home. Well, that is the usual course of events in criminal investigations. It is much different when it comes to sneak-and-peek searches.  The Justice Department argues that warrants for sneak-and-peek searches ``had been available for decades before the PATRIOT Act was passed,'' but such warrants were never authorized by Congress before the passage of the PATRIOT Act. Some courts permitted sneak-and-peek warrants in limited circumstances, although the Supreme Court has never ruled on their constitutionality.  In authorizing sneak-and-peek warrants, section 213 of the PATRIOT Act did not include checks and limitations on the power of the Government so as to protect innocent Americans. Courts have required the FBI to notify the target of the search within 7 days of the search. Section 213 of the PATRIOT Act, however, requires notice of the search only within ``a reasonable period,'' which is not defined. According to the Justice Department, this has resulted in delays of notice of up to 90 days, and of ``unspecified duration.''  Section 213 authorizes sneak-and-peek searches where a court finds that providing immediate notice of the search would have an adverse result. ``Adverse result'' is defined broadly. It includes circumstances ``seriously jeopardizing an investigation or unduly delaying a trial.'' This catch-all provision could arguably apply in almost every case.  Unlike many other PATRIOT Act provisions that give new surveillance powers to the FBI, the sneak-and-peekauthority does not sunset. It is permanent law.  According to a recent poll, 71 percent of Americans disapprove of the current sneak-and-peek provision in the PATRIOT Act. Last year, an overwhelming, bipartisan majority in the House of Representatives voted to repeal this section of the PATRIOT Act. The SAFE Act that we introduce would not go nearly that far. It would place reasonable limits on the FBI's ability to conduct sneak-and-peek searches, while still permitting broad use of this authority.  The SAFE Act would still authorize sneak-and-peek searches in a broad set of specific circumstances. However, it would eliminate the catch-all provision that allows sneak-and-peek searches in any circumstances.  The SAFE Act would require notification of a covert search within 7 days but would authorize a court to allow unlimited additional 7-day delays upon application by the Government. According to the Justice Department, ``the most common period of delay'' under section 213 is 7 days, so this limit that we establish is not unreasonable.  The SAFE Act would also sunset the sneak-and-peek authority, giving Congress an opportunity to take a hard look at a provision in the law that is so widely unpopular in the United States.  The third area has received a lot of attention, and it relates to the compelled production of library and personal records.  The SAFE Act would place reasonable limits on the FBI's authority to compel production of library and personal records. Before the PATRIOT Act, the FBI was authorized to seek a court order for the production of records from four types of businesses--common carriers, such as airlines and trains and buses; public accommodations, such as hotels and restaurants; storage facilities; and car rental companies. In order to obtain records, the FBI was required to convince a court it had reason to believe that the person to whom the records related was a terrorist or a spy.  Under section 215 of the PATRIOT Act, the FBI can compel production of ``any tangible things,'' not just records, from any entity, not just the four types of businesses previously covered. The FBI, under the PATRIOT Act, is only required to certify that the records are ``sought for'' a terrorism or intelligence investigation, a standard even lower than relevance. The FBI is not required to show that the documents relate to a suspected terrorist or spy.  Now, those who defend section 215 frequently claim the FBI must obtain court approval to compel production of records, but if you read section 215, you will see that the type of court approval which is authorized is a rubber stamp.  The PATRIOT Act gives the Government too much power to seize the personal records of innocent Americans who are not suspected of involvement in any terrorism or espionage. This could lead to broad fishing expeditions which waste scarce Government resources, are unlikely to produce useful information, and can infringe upon privacy rights.  The SAFE Act would retain the PATRIOT Act's expansion of the records provision to cover ``any tangible things,'' as I said earlier, and any entity. But it would reinstate the pre-PATRIOT Act standard for obtaining records, which requires individualized suspicion and increased judicial oversight. The FBI would be required to convince a court that it has reason to believe that the person to whom the records relate is a terrorist or a spy. This would protect innocent Americans and prevent fishing expeditions by the Government.  It is very important to note that in the more than 2 years since the passage of the PATRIOT Act, section 215--compelling records, as I have described--has never been used. If the authority has never been used during this time of great national concern and peril, it is difficult to understand how imposing some reasonable checks could harm the war on terrorism.  The fourth and last section of the SAFE Act relates to national security letters. The SAFE Act would impose reasonable limits on the issuance of these letters. An NSL, as they are known, is a document signed by an FBI agent requiring disclosure of financial, credit, or other personal information. It can be issued to a wire or electronic communication provider. The recipient of an NSL is subject to a gag order and cannot disclose the request to the individual whose records are being sought. An NSL does not require judicial or grand jury approval.  Before the PATRIOT Act, the FBI could issue such a letter to obtain records by certifying it had reason to believe that the person to whom the records relate is a terrorist or spy. The approval of FBI headquarters was required.  Section 505 of the PATRIOT Act allows the FBI to issue a national security letter by certifying that the records are ``sought for'' a terrorism or intelligence investigation, regardless of whether the target is a suspect. FBI headquarters approval is no longer required.  Unlike many other surveillance-related PATRIOT Act provisions, this expanded NSL authority does not sunset under the law of the PATRIOT Act.  The SAFE Act would retain the PATRIOT Act's lower standard for the issuance of NSLs and its delegation of issuing authority to FBI field offices.  It would simply clarify that a library is not a ``wire or communication service provider,'' which, from the plain meaning of the words, it is not. The FBI could still obtain information regarding e-mails and other communications originating from library computers by issuing a national security letter to the library's wire or communication service provider.  The SAFE Act would simply ensure that the FBI issues the national security letter to the service provider, which is the appropriate recipient, rather than a community library, which is not equipped to respond to such a request.  We would also sunset this NSL authority, giving Congress another opportunity to take a look at it.  We have the responsibility to give the Government the power it needs to keep us safe, but at the same time we have a responsibility to the Constitution, which we have all sworn to uphold and defend, to zealously protect the personal freedoms and liberties of American citizens.  Geoffrey Stone, a professor and former dean at the University of Chicago Law School, made this observation:       In time of war . . . we respond too harshly in our      restriction of civil liberties, and then, later, regret our      behavior. It is, of course, much easier to look back on past      crises and find our predecessors wanting, than it is to make      wise judgments when we ourselves are in the eye of the storm.      But that challenge now falls to us.  We must meet this challenge head on. As we reflect on the course of history, there has hardly been a time in the history of the Nation when we faced great threats to our safety and security when the Government did not overreach.  The greatest President, I think, who ever served us, Abraham Lincoln, from my State of Illinois, during the course of the Civil War, suspended the writ of habeas corpus, basically gathering into prison suspects without any charges. It was clearly in violation of the language of the Constitution. It was a power he assumed as Commander In Chief, and many have questioned it in the years that have followed.  During World War I, when there was real concern about outside threats to our country, we established the Alien and Sedition Acts, laws passed by Congress and signed by the President which, on reflection, went too far.  In World War II, we had the Japanese internment camps. We took perfectly innocent Japanese Americans, simply because of their ancestry, and put them in these settlement camps for lengthy periods of time, even while the children would leave the camps to serve in the Armed Forces.  During the cold war, a war that went on for decades and cost this Nation billions of dollars and created great anxiety, the McCarthy hearings and the questions of patriotism that were raised indicate that again we had gone entirely too far. The list continues. Sadly, it continues when we reflect on what we have done since September 11.  There is always a tension in our society between security and freedom. Those who want more security often argue that the Government needs more power and more authority, and individuals must give up those freedoms. Many of us believe that in surrenderingour freedoms, we are surrendering our heritage to the terrorists. The freedoms which were so carefully guarded and so zealously pursued by so many generations, freedoms which we have won with the lives of Americans in conflict time and time again, should be carefully guarded as well.  I hope we will understand that the burden of proof is not on individual Americans to come forward and prove to the Government they have a right to their freedoms and liberties. When the Government seeks to take away the freedom and liberty of an American citizen, it is the burden of the Government to prove that is necessary.  With the SAFE Act, Senator Craig and I have taken four very specific and discrete elements of the PATRIOT Act and we have said that by changing these, we will still keep America safe, but we will prevent intrusive Government activity into the privacy of individuals.  We can search the Constitution from the beginning to the end, through every amendment, and never see the word ``privacy'' in it, but courts have said repeatedly that that is what government should be all about--protecting our privacy, only invading it in times when it is absolutely necessary to protect our safety in our community or our security as a Nation. The PATRIOT Act ended up being an allocation of power to the Government that went far beyond what was necessary for the security of our Nation and in fact invaded our rights and liberties.  We need to meet this challenge head on. It is possible to combat terrorism and to protect our freedoms. We can be safe and free. The SAFE Act demonstrates that. I urge my colleagues to join Senator Craig and myself as cosponsors.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  