President, I thank my colleague from Michigan. He has waited patiently all day. I didn't realize he had left for his office to come back. I thank him. It is generous of him to give me an opportunity to share some moments with reference to this bill and the issues raised on the floor.  As I listened to the previous speaker, my colleague and friend from the State of Idaho, explain the energy problems of America, I certainly concur with his conclusion. The cost of energy is high. That is an input for business as well as for families. As those costs go up, it becomes more difficult for our businesses in America to be competitive. Frankly, families find themselves facing inflation and heightened expenses just to drive a car to work or to use the car in a small business. As energy costs, like the cost of gasoline, go up, this conclusion is inescapable.  But I have to question the premise of the Senator from Idaho; that is, the problem is we are not drilling for enough oil in America. That certainly is one of the problems. Having an adequate supply is essential. Those of us who believe we have to continue to look for environmentally responsible sources for oil and gas think that should be part of a national effort and a national energy policy.  What is missing in the speech from the Senator from Idaho was any reference at all to the conservation of energy. Over the weekend in Chicago I bought a copy of Consumer Reports, the April issue on the 2004 automobiles. I went through it out of curiosity to find how many miles per gallon the most popular cars in America are getting. You will find time and time again that you are lucky to find a fuel-efficient car anywhere in the range of 20 miles per gallon. Very few of them are getting more than 20 miles per gallon.  If you put this in historic context it means that in the last 60 years we have decided, as a nation, in our buying habits and in the production of automobiles, that we want heavier, less fuel-efficient cars, and that we are prepared to be more reliant on foreign sources for fuel.  We are paying the price for it. Now we are seeing shortages because we are not engaged in any discussion or commitment to conservation of energy or the fuel efficiency of our energy-using vehicles and machinery. We are paying the price for it.  We cannot drill enough oil and gas to take care of our profligate habits when it comes to energy. Let me add, as we burn this energy without any concern for conservation, we are undoubtedly adding to global warming, air pollution, and serious environmental problems that we visit on our children.  The Energy bill to which the Senator from Idaho referred must include, I would assume, some provision for greater fuel efficiency for cars and trucks. But, lo and behold, it does not. There is nothing in that bill to deal with fuel efficiency. The original bill wanted to propose drilling for oil in the ANWR. That was defeated on the Senate floor. But, sadly, the bill that finally came to us for a vote had little or nothing in it that would move us toward more fuel-efficient vehicles.  My friend from Utah, who is seeking recognition at this point, is the model for the Senate. If you look at my tall, lanky friend from Utah, he goes out of this building, down the steps, and folds himself into a Prius, if I am not mistaken?  