President, I have good news for the Chamber. I believe we have reached an agreement on this amendment which will help us move this important resolution along.  I saw Senator Roberts on the floor a moment ago. I have had a conversation with Senator Roberts and Senator Rockefeller. The purpose of this amendment is to move us closer to the bipartisan model which we want to establish for this important intelligence committee. Yesterday, with an overwhelming vote of 96 to 2, the Members of this Chamber adopted the intelligence reform suggested by the 9/11 Commission, and it is a product of the fine bipartisan cooperation of Senator Susan Collins of Maine and Senator Joe Lieberman of Connecticut.  I believe in the time I have been fortunate enough to represent Illinois in the Senate, it was one of our finer moments because we responded to a national crisis. We did it in a timely fashion. We did it in an orderly way. We brought together amendments which were substantive and numerous and voted in nonpartisan rollcalls. We came to the floor, and after a week and a half of debate brought this bill out with a vote of 96 to 2 to reform the executive branch. I think the message of the process and the message of the reform bill is that we want to take partisanship out of the intelligence operations of the executive branch.  I believe by the joint effort of the Senator from Nevada, Mr. Reid, and the Senator from Kentucky, Mr. McConnell, we are seeing that same thing today about the legislative branch.  This amendment which I propose is an effort to move us closer to parity in staffing. I believe that establishing this by rule is a good thing for the future of the Intelligence Committee. What it says is that regardless of the partisan split of the committee, which is now a split of eight to seven, if I am not mistaken, we are going to divide staff by a 55-45 proportion, 55 percent to the chairman representing the majority of the committee, and 45 percent to the ranking member representing the minority on the committee.  Along with Senator Roberts, who is on the majority side of this committee, and Senator Rockefeller, the ranking member, we had a conversation and we have agreed to a new number which I will present as a modification to this amendment shortly. It is a number of 60 percent for the chairman with the majority membership of the committee, 60 percent of the staffing funds in control of the chairman, and 40 percent of the funds in the control of the minority ranking member.  I think this is a fair compromise. I believe it is offered by both sides in the spirit of moving us toward this bipartisanship on the Intelligence Committee. I believe it will have the net effect of improving the product of the committee.  Let me quickly add that I don't believe there are necessarily Democratic or Republican answers to the tough issues we face on the Intelligence Committee. But I believe both sides should be adequately staffed so they can rise to the occasion when we face challenges for investigations and hearings that are held with witnesses being brought before us. By establishing 40 percent of the personnel funds to the ranking member and 60 percent to the chairman, I think we are moving closer to that model.  For those who have been involved, Senator McConnell and Senator Reid, let me make it clear this would apply to the committee staff and not to individual member staffs. The effort in the preparation of this resolution was made so that every member of the Intelligence Committee who has personal staff would not be affected by this amendment. The 60-40 would apply strictly to the other committee staff over and above the personal staff of the committee.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, will the Senator yield for a question?  