President, I thank the Democratic leader, Senator Daschle, for explaining the situation. Perhaps I am mistaken or maybe even naive, but it strikes me that the business of the Senate is to debate and amend and consider important legislation. When we reach a point where there is an effort to stop the process, to stop the debate, or to stop an amendment, it is pretty clear the underlying bill is not likely to pass. I don't understand Senator Frist's strategy, but I leave it to him to explain.  I would like to speak for a moment to the merits of the bill before us. It has a title anyone would fall in love with, ``Class Action Fairness Act of 2004.'' Probably most people following this debate wonder why we are debating it and what it means. If you ask people if they are a member of a class, they will say: Not since I graduated from school, unless you mean the middle class. But this is different.  These are lawsuits that are brought by more than one individual in a particular complaint against a certaincompany, for example. It might be all the people who did business with a certain company who believe that they have been wronged, that they are entitled to some sort of compensation. It might be all the people living in a community who have been victimized by the pollution of air or water by a certain company. So instead of filing individual lawsuits against the company or the individual responsible for the wrongdoing, they come together as a class, a group of plaintiffs, and bring many lawsuits into one.  Of course, this is a challenge to bring together a class of people who have a common interest. It is also difficult many times to have these classes certified. In most lawsuits when you file, the first thing the court asks is, Do you have the right to file this lawsuit under the laws of the State or jurisdiction in which you are filing?  When it comes to a class of plaintiffs, a group of people filing a lawsuit, the first thing the court asks is, Is this a legitimate legal class under the law? It is the first step in the process.  My colleagues from Connecticut and Nevada have come to the Senate floor to talk about one county in my home State of Illinois, Madison County, about the incidence of class action lawsuits in that county. They have told interesting stories but not the complete story. We have done an analysis of class action files in Madison County. We started in 1996. Since 1996, through February of this year, there have been 306 class actions filed. Some have said this sets a national record. It may. It certainly is near the top in terms of the number of cases filed in this 8- or 9-year period of time. But it doesn't tell the whole story.  The next question is, How many of these cases in Madison County, IL, have been certified; that is, approved by the court to go forward? Remember the earlier reference I made. You file the complaint, a class action, and then the defendant says to the judge: I challenge the class. I don't think it is a legal class under Illinois State law or the law that is being applied. Then the judge has to look at the plaintiffs, look at the complaint, and make the decision whether he will certify the class.  So of the 306 class actions filed in Madison County over this 8-year period of time, how many have been certified; that is, gone forward with the lawsuit, over 8 years? Mr. President, 39 certified cases in 8 years, fewer than 5 cases a year.  It is because of this county, obviously, that we have decided we need to amend the law of America because five class action cases are filed and certified on average each year in one county in Illinois. That strikes me as curious, that we would respond with a national law because five cases a year on a class action basis are being filed in Madison County, IL. The Senators from Connecticut and Nevada, time and again, say this is the reason.  Let me say in all honesty, there are some cases filed in Madison County, IL, that I don't think should be certified, some that are nothing short of harassment. But that is what the court system is for. The court system is for a judge--in some cases, a jury--to decide that question. Is there a legitimate class action? Could there be a class action lawsuit filed on behalf of a group of people in America that should be heard in a State court? That is the underlying question because if this bill passes, sadly, we are going to make it difficult, if not impossible, for State courts to try lawsuits involving classes, class action lawsuits.  Let's use an illustration. Let's assume I own a company that I have decided to incorporate in the State of Delaware, which is a common thing, and that I sell a product. Let's assume I sell a pharmaceutical product, a prescription drug. I want to do business in Illinois. Although I am incorporated in Delaware, I want to sell my prescription drug in Illinois.  One of the things I have to do is register my corporation in Illinois. In my State you have to go to the Secretary of State's office, Index Division, and register--Corporations Division today--the name of your corporation, where it is located, and who can be served with process.  In other words, I have to identify a person in my corporation who will accept a subpoena if my pharmaceutical company is ever sued. That is one of the laws in Illinois. Almost every other State has the same law. You want to do business as a corporation in Illinois, you comply with the laws of Illinois. The laws of Illinois require this filing so you know who is doing business, and it is also an acknowledgment that you are bound by the laws of the State in which you are doing business.  Now, let's assume the pharmaceutical my Delaware corporation is selling in Illinois causes a serious problem. Let's assume many people get sick after they have taken my drug, and instead of each individual person wanting to file a lawsuit against my pharmaceutical company, the customers who purchased this pharmaceutical decide to come together as a class and bring a lawsuit against my company.  So all of the Illinois consumers and customers who bought my pharmaceutical drug and were injured by it decide to file a lawsuit against my company because I have sold a dangerous product in their State.  Do you know what this class action fairness bill says? This bill says that customers of my company--registered to do business in Illinois, having acknowledged the fact that it is bound by the laws of the State of Illinois, selling its product in Illinois, having injured consumers in Illinois--cannot file a class action lawsuit in the State courts of Illinois. Why? Why would we say in that circumstance all of the injured parties, residents of the State, the product is sold in the State by a corporation licensed to do business in the State, can't be sued in the State of Illinois or any other State for that matter with similar circumstances?  This legislation says the lawsuit must be brought in the Federal court system. We have two different court systems, two major court systems. There are other courts but two major court systems. Each State has a court system, and then there is the Federal court system which, of course, applies to us as a nation with its district and circuit courts, and the U.S. Supreme Court.  Why would the people who wrote this bill want to take that case that I have just described out of the courts of Illinois and put it into a Federal court, even in Illinois? Why?  I think the reason is obvious. First, they are trying to create an environment and circumstance where that group of people who bought that product and were injured by it cannot bring a lawsuit. They want to make it more difficult for them to bring a lawsuit as a class of customers who have been wronged and injured. They put it in Federal court because they know Federal courts are already extremely busy with criminal prosecutions and existing civil cases, so the likelihood that the Federal courts will take on a new class action case is limited. They also know that these Federal courts, when it comes to figuring out which laws to apply, are very strict, much stricter than many State courts.  So those who are arguing that we are changing this law, moving cases from State court to Federal court so we can get a more efficient outcome, I don't think are being candid with the people following this debate.  The underlying reason for this bill, the so-called Class Action Fairness Act of 2004, is to limit and restrict the number of class action lawsuits that can be brought across America. That is why the business interests in this town have spent not a small fortune, but a large fortune, lobbying for passage of this bill. They are not looking for reform of class action; they are looking for repeal of class actions in many areas, to stop people from filing these lawsuits.  Those who are following the debate may say: Why should I even care about that? I am not going to file a lawsuit or join a class filing a lawsuit, and I don't care if anybody else does either.  I wish people would step back and take into consideration some of the class action lawsuits that have been filed. I think you will get an idea about why this is an important part of our legal process. We have three branches of Government: legislative, Congress; executive, the President; and the court system at the State and Federal level. We say to Americans you have a right to elect the President, you have a right to elect Members to Congress, and you also have a right to go into your State and Federal courts and be represented and to plead your case and to receive justice.  What this underlying bill will do is to restrict individual American citizensin their rights to come together as a class and file lawsuits in State courts against corporations doing business in their States, selling goods and services in their States.  Let's look at a few examples of class action lawsuits which I think illustrate these are not cases that should be easily dismissed or restricted, as the bill does. Here is a product made by Warner Lambert, a drug company. Warner Lambert made a product known as Rezulin. They prescribed it for type II diabetes and started selling it in 1997. They told the people it was as safe as a placebo, extraordinarily safe, and not harmful to consumers.  There was a couple living in Granite City, IL, which happens to be in Madison County, and the man who lived there was suffering from diabetes. He was an older fellow who served in the Navy. There are many people like him in those blue-collar neighborhoods in Granite City. He was on oxygen at age 71. He got along pretty well, but he had heart problems and bypass surgery. Unfortunately, he had to take some medications. He took nitro tablets and about 15 medications a day, two of which were insulin. He was diagnosed with diabetes 20 years ago and had very few complications. He went to his doctor and the doctor prescribed Rezulin, which is made by Warner Lambert. He remembers when the prescription was given to him because when he went to the drugstore, he found out it was very expensive. He told the doctor he could not afford it. The doctor gave him samples to take home.  Three years after this drug, Rezulin, came on the market, the FDA asked Warner Lambert to voluntarily remove the drug from the market because it was causing too high an incidence of liver failure and many other deadly side effects. Then this individual was taken off the drug because of that warning. They gave him another drug.  A class action lawsuit was filed by people who purchased this drug in Illinois. The case they brought said the pharmaceutical company violated the New Jersey consumer fraud statute, which is the State in which Warner Lambert was incorporated. They violated the New Jersey consumer fraud statute by pricing the drug much more in excess of the price the drug would have been. If anybody had known the side effects, nobody would have taken it, anyway. So not having disclosed the side effects, Warner Lambert was still charging more than they should have been charging for the drug. It turns out many insurance companies came to the same conclusion. They thought they were paying too much to Warner Lambert for a drug that wasn't that good and had deadly side effects.  The case was certified by the Illinois State court as a class action on behalf of all of the purchasers of this drug in Illinois, and the case would apply New Jersey law as the violation of the consumer fraud statute. Shortly after the class was certified, the parties agreed to a settlement, and here was the settlement: Class members, those who bought the drug Rezulin, would receive up to 85 percent of their out-of-pocket expenses related to the prescription drug.  While Warner Lambert's liability for concealing the true dangers is clear, look what happened when you see the same lawsuit brought to a Federal court, which this underlying bill would try to achieve, as opposed to Illinois State court. When this lawsuit was brought in a Federal court in the Southern District of New York, that Federal court denied class certification and basically came to the conclusion that if the drug was dangerous, there would be an awful lot of personal injury cases filed. Therefore, this class action wasn't necessary.  The Illinois trial court disagreed. As a result, the victims in Illinois received compensation. It turned out they were going to receive up to 85 percent of their out-of-pocket expenses for this drug. That is an example of a class action lawsuit.  You go to the doctor tomorrow. He prescribes a drug. You find it was overpriced or dangerous and an effort is made to say to the pharmaceutical company you cannot benefit from these ill-gotten gains, you must pay back to the consumers what you overcharged. A class of consumers who brought the drug came together and they received the money back from the pharmaceutical company, as they did in this class action case. This is an illustration. In Illinois, the case went forward. Consumers had money come back to them. In the Federal court, the case was basically stopped.  Here is another one. This involves a New York State court certifying a class of over 200 nursing home residents living at Barnwell Nursing Home in Valatie, NY.  In the process of certification, it was found the Barnwell Nursing Home residents potentially received substandard care, violating the public health laws of the State, which protect nursing home residents from the deprivation of basic necessities like heat, good food, privacy, and socialization.  The plaintiff died of septic shock because she was neglected by nursing home staff. Following her death, the New York Department of Public Health issued a 24-page statement of deficiencies at the Barnwell home. The reason I raise this is to give you an idea of the variety of class action cases. Here, 200 residents of a nursing home were not receiving what they were required to receive under State law. One died from neglect in that nursing home. They came together as a class to say the nursing home was not treating them fairly. Some would argue, why didn't they file individual lawsuits? How likely is it your grandfather or grandmother who is in a nursing home will look for a lawyer to fight a lawsuit in court, when in fact they have been treated wrongly? But as a class they stand together, bring the lawsuit, and they can recover.  There are so many other cases. Here is one. On July 26, 1993, the chemical Oleum, a sulfuric acid compound, leaked from a railroad tank car at General Chemical's Richmond, CA, plant. General Chemical, based in New Jersey, is one of the largest manufacturers of sulfuric acid in America. The leak caused a cloud to spread over North Richmond, CA, a heavily populated community. Over 24,000 people sought medical treatment in the days following the leak. General Chemical entered into a $180 million class action settlement with 60,000 northern California residents who were injured or sought treatment from the effects of the release of this dangerous gas. While only California residents were injured and the harm occurred only in California, this case would have been removed from California courts under the bill we are considering to a Federal court. Why? Because the company, General Chemical, was based in New Jersey. All of the injuries were in California, all the victims were in California, the actual harm occurred in California, the company was doing business in California, transporting its chemicals. Yet under this bill they could not be sued in a California court.  We talk about dangerous drugs. Postal workers were given Cipro after the anthrax attacks of 2001. We remember that on Capitol Hill. Many of them were from New Jersey. The postal workers filed a class action in New Jersey State court for damages and harm arising from the drug's side effects. The suit was filed against Bayer AG--you have heard of Bayer Aspirin; it's the same German company--and its U.S. subsidiary that is based in Pennsylvania, as well as against several New Jersey hospitals. The side effects listed in the suit include joint and tendon injuries; neurologic, cardiologic, or central nervous system disorders; and gastrointestinal disorders. Bayer sold the drug. The people who used it were largely from New Jersey. Bayer was a company based in Pennsylvania, but doing business in New Jersey.  In this case, while several named defendants are New Jersey hospitals, the case would have been removed to Federal court. The reason behind this is not only to move them to Federal court, but to make it less likely the cases could be successfully filed. We have seen, when cases are brought to Federal court, they favor less liability. We have seen that the Federal courts are less likely to certify class. We have seen that Federal law discourages Federal judges from providing remedies under State laws.  The people who brought this bill to the floor understand that. Whether it is because of a dangerous gas leak in California or a drug that is sold in Illinois or New Jersey, they want to limit their liability and exposure. So they are basically closing the courthouse door to hundreds, if not thousands, of American citizens.  Whether we are talking about environmental pollution that is dangerous to our families caused by an out-of-State company, or about a dangerous gas leak here, the purpose of this bill is to make it more difficult for injured individuals, injured customers, and injured families to recover.  Why in the world would we do this? We do this because the businesses that are being sued by these class action lawsuits do not want to be exposed to these lawsuits. By having less exposure to these lawsuits, they will be able to keep more money. They will not pay out as much to those who have been injured or aggrieved. That is a natural business reaction. They want to maximize profits. Businesses want to do that. But is that the right reaction of the Senate to ignore the victims in these lawsuits, to ignore the people who come together because they have been hurt, damaged, or lost money, and to say instead we are going to protect these corporations from these lawsuits?  There are ways of tightening up the laws when it comes to class actions. I would support them. I think there are frivolous class actions that should not go forward. I think some of these coupon settlements as part of these class action lawsuits border on the ridiculous if not cross the border.  There is a lot we can do to tighten up the law. But why is it the only thing this Senate has been about in its debate over the last several years is limiting the opportunity of an American citizen to have a day in court? Why is it that is what is driving the Senate agenda?  It is important for us to understand that when it comes to the priorities of this Nation, we need to establish one priority over all, and that is the priority of equal justice under the law.  If a resident of Nebraska or Illinois or New York were injured by a product sold in their State by a company licensed to do business in their State, I believe they should be able to go to their State court and file a class action and ask that it be certified. This underlying bill says they cannot, and I refer to page 15, subsection 2, and I will read it:       The district courts--Federal courts--     shall have original jurisdiction of any civil action in which      the matter in controversy exceeds the sum or value of      $5,000,000, exclusive of interest and costs, and is a class      action in which       (A) any member of a class of plaintiffs is a citizen of a      State different from any defendant. . . .  If a corporation is incorporated in Delaware or any other State and does business in your State, this is an automatic pass. This means your class action lawsuit goes automatically to Federal court.  Chief Justice Rehnquist across the street does not give us much advice--separation of powers, two different branches of Government--but he has given advice on this issue: Please do not pass these bills. Please do not send these class actions to Federal court.  Those of us who sit on the Judiciary Committee know many of our Federal courts are extremely busy. They are dealing with cases involving criminal law, terrorism, and a very crowded civil docket already. What this bill would do is send these same complex class action lawsuits, now in State courts, off to the Federal courts in large number. Chief Justice Rehnquist has advised us that the Federal court system is not ready to receive these cases.  What does that mean? It means the people who are in the classes will not get their day in court. Justice will be delayed and ultimately denied to them, and that is part of the strategy. The strategy is to make it extremely difficult to bring a class action lawsuit, to limit the opportunities for those who have been injured, either in body or in monetary loss, from having their day in court.  This bill has bipartisan sponsorship. There are 10 or 11 Democrats who support it. I am sure they will speak on behalf of it, but from where I am standing, I think this goes far beyond class action reform. This is an effort to close the courthouse doors. For some, that is fine. They say, fine, don't let them go to court because it means they will have lawyers and lawyers will be paid fees and we do not want to see that sort of situation.  Time and again, when we tell the stories of the individuals who have been harmed or injured, who are looking for someplace to turn, they cannot find a law that has been passed by Congress that gives them a fighting chance, they cannot find an agency of the Government that is going to protect them. Their only recourse and final recourse is to go to court. The purpose of this Class Action Fairness Act of 2004 is to close the courthouse door to hundreds, if not thousands, of Americans who buy defective products, who are exposed to dangerous pollution, who are buying drugs that, frankly, are unsafe and believe the pharmaceutical companies should be held accountable. This bill will close the courthouse door and make it extremely difficult, if not impossible, for them to pursue their legal course of action.  I think that is the wrong way to go. I know the business community and the special interests behind them think the fewer lawsuits filed against them the better. I assume if my job in life were to maximize profits in these companies, I would think the same thing. But that is not our job. Our job is to provide equal access under the law to all Americans.  This bill, the class action fairness bill, is going to restrict, reduce, and deny access to the court system for Americans who have been injured.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  