The Senator from Idaho should join me in the city of Chicago where I have visited officers of that police force shot in the line of duty who are quadriplegic for the rest of their lives because a gang banger shot them in the line of duty. And you tell that officer and his family--the Senator from Idaho should tell that officer and his family--that if they are going to seek redress from a gun dealer who sold those guns to the gang bangers, that that lawsuit for that officer and his family is a junk lawsuit--a junk lawsuit. Please.  How in the world can we in the Senate stand here and pronounce our admiration and respect for the men and women in uniform who protect us every single day, and then when they are stricken in the line of duty, when they are shot defending us, tell them when they want to go against the gun dealers who put these junk guns on the street, these Saturday night specials through straw purchasers and gun traffickers, that that lawsuit brought by that officer and his family is a junk lawsuit that you want to stop with this legislation?  That troubles me. It troubles me because, frankly, I think we understand if we are going to ask anyone in our community to risk their lives every single day for us by wearing that badge and that uniform, we owe them something more than words. We should be standing by them when they, frankly, give their lives and risk their lives for us every single day.  The choice we have with the Corzine amendment is a clear choice: Stand by the police or stand by the gun dealers. The Senator from Idaho says we need to stand by the gun dealers; that this is a jobs bill. We need to stand by the gun manufacturers; this is a jobs bill. What about the men and women in uniform and our law enforcement agencies across America? What about their jobs? Are they worth standing by or standing by their families?  I say to those who are going to oppose the Corzine amendment that if you have a problem in your neighborhood and there is crime in the neighborhood, don't call 9-1-1. No, dial up your local gun dealer because if you dial 9-1-1, you are going to get one of these policemen who just might get hurt and file a junk lawsuit. You had better dial up that gun dealer. Call the gun dealer and ask him to please come out and protect your family.  I cannot imagine that we are going to allow this to occur. The Frist-Craig amendment is meaningless when it says whatever the bill said originally it applies to law enforcement officials. It doesn't do a thing for them.  The Corzine amendment does. It says we are going to stand behind the police. If he is shot in the line of duty, we will stand by him and his family to go after the wrongdoer and the gun dealer who is selling those guns to the gang bangers and street killers, the cop killers on the street.  If you want to vote for the Frist-Craig amendment in this underlying bill, frankly, we are turning our back on those men and women who are risking their lives every single day for us.  I thank the Senator from New Jersey for this amendment. We should be offering this amendment not only for law enforcement officials but for firefighters, medical responders, and every single person in America who puts their life on the line for us every single day and risk death by firearms because this underlying bill is saying to them, if you are hurt and you sue, you are filing a junk lawsuit.  