President, I wanted to ask a question of the Senator from Idaho but he did not have an opportunity to yield, so I will make a statement and then yield the floor to the Senator from Washington who has been waiting patiently.  I missed it. I am sorry, and I apologize. I thought this was a bill to protect a special interest group, and it turns out it is a jobs bill. If I had only known that. We have lost almost 3 million jobs under this President, and this is being offered to create jobs. I have to take another look at this. Because, frankly, if protecting gun carnage on the street is going to create jobs, where does that leave us? Where does that leave us? If we reduce gun violence on the street and the number of victims, it is going to cost us jobs. Well, I guess you can argue that. It would be less work in the trauma centers, less work in emergency rooms, less work in the rehabilitation centers from the gun violence victims.  I guess we would lose some jobs. I guess the Senator from Idaho is right. What a price to pay--your money or your life.  The argument has been made we have to support this bill to protect American jobs. Crime victims and their families who have had someone killed or maimed with a weapon won't be able to go to court to hold the manufacturer and dealer responsible because we need jobs in America. Has it come to this? Have we reached this point?  Let me say to my friend from Idaho, I don't understand what he said about trade associations. I turn to page 11 of the bill, and it is all about trade associations. As I read that, I can't help but believe that written between the lines are three letters: N-R-A. Isn't that what it is all about? So the trade association that is being protected by this bill is the National Rifle Association?  If it isn't about trade associations, strike the whole thing. Get rid of it. It is all over this bill, protecting trade associations.  I might say his reference about transfers to individuals knowing that they will use it for a crime, the legal standard most of us learned in law school is ``knew or should have known.'' There is a world of difference between knowing you are going to use a gun for a crime or the fact I should have known it. Because Mr. Fiessinger was buying three guns a month for 2 straight years, at some point I should have known something is odd about his behavior. He was not buying guns for personal use or for self-defense. He was a gun trafficker.  Did I know as a dealer that he went outside the door and sold it to someone who used it for a crime? There was no way I would know it. I was inside the store. But should I have known? You don't include that standard in your bill. You intentionally exclude it because it is the obvious and real life standard people are held to.  Now that I know this is a jobs bill, I will have to look at it long and hard. We need jobs so desperately in America that we are going to close the courthouse doors to the widows and families of slain police officers for fear if they recover from a gun dealer who is selling guns to criminal gangs, somehow or another that is going to cost us jobs. What a sad rejoinder that is the defense for this bill.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sununu). The Senator from Washington.  