President, last night a group of Senators went out for dinner at Walter Reed Hospital with the soldiers who have returned from Iraq and Afghanistan, many of whom are undergoing important medical treatment and rebuilding their lives and strength to return to their families, and some to return to service to our country. These are our best. These men and women with whom we had the good fortune to eat dinner last night are really some of the finest people you could ever meet. They have given more to this country than any of us will ever give, and they have done it with a sense of loyalty and a sense of patriotism that all of us admire.  As I talked to these soldiers and asked them about their experience, I asked them about their injuries: What happened when you were in Iraq?  The story that comes back more often than not is that these soldiers--many of them--were in Humvee vehicles, which is our modern jeep, traveling in Baghdad and other cities and localities in Iraq, when their vehicle was struck by a rocket-propelled grenade or a homemade bomb that was detonated. Many of them were seriously injured. One brave soldier from South Dakota lost his right arm. The Army captain in the next Humvee was killed, and he believes he was lucky to escape alive. I asked him what Congress could do to help.  He said: We are getting good medical treatment, and our families are being treated fine. But can you do something about those Humvees? The Humvee doesn't have armor plating on the sides, armored doors to protect us and other soldiers.  You think to yourself, of the billions of dollars we have spent in Iraq, we don't have armored doors on the Humvees so that these soldiers can come home safely?  I asked the Secretary of the Army: What is this problem? He came back to me and reported that there are 8,400 Humvees in Iraq that don't have armored doors. The soldiers, last night, said they would improvise. They would get sheets of steel and cut them and place them on the sides of the Humveesso they are not vulnerable in these areas.  We should do better. I said to the Secretary of the Army: Isn't this a priority? He said: It is our highest priority to build the 8,400 doors for these Humvees. He told me that many will be made in my State at the Rock Island Arsenal. I visited the Rock Island Arsenal and saw the first sets of doors come off for the Humvees, and the workers were so proud. They knew they had done something significant.  I said to the commander at the arsenal: How long will it take us now? We need 8,400 sets and we are also doing them at Anniston. He said: We are going to get these doors built in one year.  One year? In World War II, we were building bombers in 72 hours and ships in 30 and 60 days, and we need 1 year to make the armor-plated doors to protect the Humvees so that fewer of our men and women in uniform will have to go to Walter Reed Hospital for prosthetic devices and medical treatment.  I said: Why is it taking one year? He said: Because there is only one steel-fabricating plant left in America, and it is in Pennsylvania. It makes the steel that we can convert into the armor plating for these doors. We are using everything they produce as fast as they produce it.  So when the issue comes up about loss of manufacturing jobs, and loss of American jobs, and loss of our industrial base, it is more than a cold discussion of statistics; it is a discussion about the reality of our economy and the reality we face. Whether you live in North Carolina, where we have lost textile jobs, or you live in Illinois, where we have lost steel jobs, the fact is, as we lose these jobs, we lose our capacity. When it comes to something as basic as steel, that capacity plays out so that our soldiers in Iraq today are more vulnerable to enemy attack because we cannot produce the steel in America.  So we asked the administration: What should we do about all these jobs going overseas? What should we do about the loss of the industrial base? Is this a challenge we need to face and deal with?  Our answer came back this week in a report from the White House. This is a headline from the Los Angeles Times of yesterday: ``Bush Supports Shift of Jobs Overseas.''  It goes on to say:       The loss of work to other countries, while painful in the      short term, will enrich the economy eventually, his report to      Congress says.  Like many colleagues, I read this headline and I said: It cannot be true; clearly, this is a mistake. I cannot believe the Bush administration would say that shifting jobs overseas is good for America.  Then we looked at other newspapers around the country, not just the L.A. Times. In the Seattle Times, the same report was analyzed. Their headline reads: ``Bush report: Sending Jobs Overseas Helps U.S.'' The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette: ``Bush Economic Report Praises `Outsourcing' Jobs.'' The Orlando Sentinel: ``Bush Says Sending Jobs Abroad Can Be Beneficial.''  Yes, as we read the report, that is exactly what was said.  Mr. N. Gregory Mankiw, chairman of President Bush's Council of Economic Advisers, said:       Outsourcing is just a new way of doing international trade.      More things are tradable than were tradable in the past. And      that's a good thing.  Is that a good thing, President Bush and Mr. Mankiw? Would you like to go to Walter Reed Hospital and explain to the soldiers who have been victimized by the loss of steel production in America that this is a good thing? It is not a good thing.  I am one who supports trade. I believe globalization is as inevitable as gravity, but I also understand we need economic leadership from the top, from the White House and the President on down that says we will enforce trade agreements; we will build America's economic base; we will not surrender American jobs willingly.  This report from the Bush administration says that they not only surrender these jobs willingly, they do it with applause. What a good thing it must be that the President's report says to Congress that we have lost so many jobs overseas--jobs to China, jobs to India, and it continues.  In technology, there was a time when we were king; Silicon Valley ruled, and they should--all the ingenuity and creativity that came up with these dramatic advances in technology. What is happening today? A large and growing number of computer-related jobs are already leaving America.  IBM, for example, announced in December it is going to transfer 4,730 programming jobs from the United States to India, China, and other countries. Insurance giant Aetna likewise decided early in the year to begin sending 20 percent of its application outsourcing work to India.  From the viewpoint of President Bush and his economic advisers, this is great news: IBM is sending jobs to India and China; Aetna is going to outsource 20 percent of its jobs to India. From their point of view, from the statement they sent to Congress, we should applaud this: what a great development, that all of the programmers and electrical engineers who work for these companies will now be out of work and someone overseas will take their jobs for a fraction of the pay they were receiving.  That is not good news in my home. It is not good news in Illinois. And I don't think it is good news for most working families across America.  The President yesterday appeared in a plant in Missouri and said: Our tax cuts for the wealthy are working; they really turned this economy around. I am sorry to say to the President that he has the dubious distinction at this point in his Presidency of having lost more jobs as a President of the United States than any President since Herbert Hoover in the Great Depression.  This President has watched these jobs leave, and for a time you would think it troubled him and for a time you would think he was trying to bring these jobs back to the United States or protect the jobs we have. But the report to Congress this week says it is part of a designed plan--a plan by the Bush administration that happens to believe in their wrongheaded way that tax cuts for the wealthiest people in America are good for our future; that happens to believe outsourcing jobs to India and China somehow is positive for America; and that happens to believe Americans who are out of work don't deserve unemployment benefits and those who are working shouldn't be paid for overtime.  That is the economic policy of the Bush administration, and that is why we have elections in America. American families who have seen these jobs go overseas are going to reject this wrongheaded Bush economic policy.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Dole). The Senator's time has expired.  