Let me give a footnote to this conversation. Ten percent of all of the Chinese exports to the United States, $13 billion worth of Chinese goods, go to one company in the United States: Wal-Mart. So when a person goes into Wal-Mart and they see ``made in China,'' do not be surprised. This is no longer a U.S.-flag-waving company. This is a company which sells Chinese goods that are cheap because they manipulate currency to the disadvantage of American producers.  Senator Dodd makes a proposal. He says when it comes to spending Government money, taxpayer money, we are going to ask a question: If someone is receiving this money, are they going to create jobs in the United States with it or jobs overseas? If they are going to create jobs overseas, no thanks, unless they meet one of the exceptions: National security, Presidential waiver, that sort of thing.  I say to the Senator from Connecticut, I will take this proposition to any town in Illinois, and I know what the answer is going to be. They are going to say to me: Senator, it is my taxpayer dollars, and it is not unreasonable for you to say that American workers should be employed with those dollars. That, I think, is a reasonable approach.  What did the Republican side and the administration come back with? Picture this: They have an amendment which says--and Senator Dodd can correct me if I do not represent this correctly--that the Secretary of Commerce, Mr. Evans, a member of the President's Cabinet, will have the power to certify whether such an amendment, as Senator Dodd's amendment, will harm the American economy. If he so certifies that it ``will harm the American economy,'' it will not go into effect.  Frankly, the amendment does not even say when he makes the certification. So the amendment guts the Dodd proposal. The President's Cabinet will certify exactly what they told us. They believe in outsourcing. They think it is healthy to have outsourcing of jobs overseas. So do my colleagues expect the President and the Secretary of the Commerce to defy his economic advisers? No way. They are going to say that the Dodd amendment is a bad thing, that it keeps jobs in America that should be going overseas where the companies would have to pay a lot less for the same services and goods.  I want to vote on the Dodd amendment. I want to defeat this attempt to give the Secretary of Commerce the power to gut it. I want to vote on it. I want my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand up and be counted, and I want them to go home and explain their vote. If they think it is unreasonable, as the Senator from Connecticut suggests, that taxpayer dollars be spent to encourage American jobs in America, I think they are going to find that the reception at home is not very positive. We have lost too many jobs in America, more jobs under this administration than any President since Herbert Hoover. I do not think that is a positive thing. I think it is a negative thing.  Senator Dodd makes a small but valiant and important effort to make certain that our jobs in America and our workers have a fighting chance, and I stand in support of his amendment.  