I am glad Senator Stabenow reminds me. Electrolux makes Frigidaires. They are moving to Mexico. We asked them whether they sold Frigidaires in Mexico. No. They are going to sell them in the United States. More manufacturing jobs heading over the border.  Maytag, in Galesburg, IL--the stories just go on and on and on. It is not like these jobs are leaving and new, good jobs are coming. When we asked an employee of Lucent Technologies from Illinois how much he made an hour for Lucent after almost 30 years on the job, he said $27. When I asked him: What kind of job are you looking for now? He said: I am lucky to get one that pays $8 an hour with no benefits.  For the Bush administration to argue there are job replacements out there is to overlook the obvious. For certain workers there is nothing that can replace a good-paying manufacturing job in a person's lifetime. And that, unfortunately, is the sad reality.  When you look at this budget, you realize the obvious.  The money is not there for health insurance, which is critical for unemployed workers and basically for workers and businesses large and small. There is no money provided here to basically take care of the 43 million Americans who don't have health insurance. Many of them are our neighbors who get up and go to work every morning, many with children who have no health insurance protection.  This budget fails to keep the President's promise on education. President Bush came to office and said: I am an education President and for No Child Left Behind. It was passed with a bipartisan vote. Still he refuses to find the money to pay for the very program he has mandated on State and local school districts. The President's budget for No Child Left Behind falls $9.4 billion short of his promise. At a time when the President says we have to give the wealthiest in America some $45 billion in tax cuts, the President has not kept his word on No Child Left Behind.  The money is not there to deal with health insurance, nor is there money to retrain workers who have lost their jobs. That is the best we can get out of President Bush's budget. Is it any wonder people across America say: It is time for a change.  I yield the floor to the Senator from Michigan.  