President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of William Myers to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.  William Myers is a successful lawyer and a passionate advocate. If I owned a mining company or a ranch and I needed a lobbyist, Mr. Myers would be the first person I would call. But I have concerns about whether Mr. Myers can walk away from a lifetime of lobbying for these special interests and be fair as a judge on the Nation's second highest court.  His loyalty to the grazing and mining industries and to ranchers has been undivided and passionate. He has advanced their agenda, whether on a private payroll or working for the Government.  For example, in a case from my home state of Illinois, Solid Waste Agency of Northern Cook County v. United States Corps of Engineers, Mr. Myers argued on behalf of the National Cattlemen's Beef Association that Federal regulation of certain land use was beyond the commerce clause power of Congress because that area is traditionally regulated by State and local governments. Mr. Myers' narrow reading of the commerce clause, if followed through, could jeopardize essential health, safety, environmental, and antidiscrimination laws.  In another Supreme Court case, Babbitt v. Sweet Home Chapter of Communities for a Great Oregon, Mr. Myers argued, on behalf of the National Cattlemen again, that:     . . . the constitutional right of a rancher to put his      property to beneficial use is as fundamental as his right to      freedom of speech or freedom from unreasonable search and      seizure.  He argued that the freedom claimed by a rancher to use his property was equivalent to our freedom of speech under the Constitution. This is an argument that would make any cowboy blush. Mr. Myers should have known better. He should have known that the Supreme Court has held that only a very limited number of rights are so fundamental, such as freedom of speech and the right to privacy. Mr. Myers' celebration of property rights is reminiscent of the Lochner decision, an era of court law when property and economic rights trumped almost all others. All but the most radical thinkers have rejected this ancient, discredited view. Mr. Myers lovingly embraces it.  