President, last week I took the floor of the Senate to note the decision which has been made by National Public Radio concerning the host of Morning Edition with Bob Edwards. It was announced in the Washington Post that National Public Radio management had decided after some 24 years to relieve Mr. Edwards of his responsibility as host of the morning show. There was not much given by way of explanation, and it was clear from comments by Bob Edwards that it wasn't his decision.  It has been interesting since I took the floor and noted my disappointment over that decision the response which I received from my colleagues in Congress. It turns out Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle feel as I do--that this decision by National Public Radio is the wrong decision; that Bob Edwards, who has been not only a host of this program but the most successful morning voice in America, is being moved away from this assignment in a situation and in a circumstance that is almost impossible to understand.  Many of my colleagues have come to me and asked, What can we do? Can we go after the appropriations of NPR? I don't recommend that at all. I think National Public Radio is such an important institution more than any single individual that we should do this in a positive and constructive fashion.  What I encourage my colleagues to do is to remember that National Public Radio is, in fact, public radio; that all of us who enjoy it so much, who rely on it so much, and who contribute to it from our own individual finances, have a responsibility if we disagree with this decision by the management. I have encouraged my friends and those who feel as I do to get onto their Internet and e-mail, and to e-mail NPR.org, to do it immediately and let them know that their decision to remove Bob Edwards at the end of this month of April is the wrong decision. I have done it myself.  I have received a reply from Mr. Kernis which, frankly, I find very troubling. When asked why they think this man who has become such an institution in America should be removed, the response is nothing short of gobbledygook. They talk about bringing someone who has depth and experience. But who else would you turn to rather than Bob Edwards?  I would like to make part of the Record at the end of my statement a series of columns and editorials from across the United States from those who enjoy Bob Edwards in the morning and can't imagine public radio without him. Some of these, starting with the Chicago Tribune, were published recently as the news reached that city of the decision by National Public Radio.  As they said in this editorial in the Chicago Tribune, people do not understand why this decision was made. Here is what they concluded in the Tribune editorial about Bob Edwards:       In contrast to their audience, though, NPR executives seem      to have forgotten about the public part of their title. In      commercial broadcasting, a beloved host who had presided over      huge ratings gains would almost never be nudged aside. Public      broadcasting is valuable precisely because it is relatively      free from such worldly concerns. But it is also, effectively,      a public trust, and for the public to continue to trust it,      this institution needs to do a better job of explaining its      momentous decisions. This is not the only newspaper, by far.  In the St. Louis area, Linda Ellerbee, known to many of us because of her news reporting and posting of programs wrote: ``Time and Age: NPR Tossing Out Bob Edwards.'' Linda Ellerbee should know. She was moved away from a television network position because they thought for a woman she was too old. She says:       But we're not aging the way our parents did. We're      reinventing the process. Besides, there are a lot of us out      here.  The point she made in her article about Bob Edwards is at his advanced age of 56--which I still consider very young--he speaks not only to people of my generation but so many older and younger. If it is the marketing belief of NPR they need to have a new, fresh voice, they are missing the big picture.  For 24 years every morning when my clock radio goes on, I hear Bob Edwards. I know whether times are bad, dangerous, or peaceful. I can count on him. I have done it this morning. I have done it so many mornings. I cannot imagine ``Morning Edition'' without him.  There is also a comment from the Washington Post, Richard Cohen. He tells about the same experience.       Now the news from NPR is that Edwards will soon be gone.  He talked about the fact he may just decide to start listening to Mozart on disk, rather than turning on ``Morning Edition.'' He says:       NPR Executive Vice President Ken Stern told the Washington      Post that the firing of Edwards was part of a ``natural      evolution,'' that had ``to do with the changing needs of our      listeners.'' What ``natural evolution''? What does that mean?      And what is ``changing needs''?  Mr. Cohen goes on to say to the Washington Post:       Listen, Ken, my needs haven't changed. I still want news in      the morning. I still want smart features. I do not want      interviews with airheaded celebrities a la Matt and Katie or,      worse, interviews with the latest humorousless person Donald      Trump has just fired from ``The Apprentice.''  He concludes:       But the firing-cum-transfer of Edwards (he may become a      senior correspondent) is nonetheless disquieting. Maybe my      fear is misplaced and maybe the end of the Edwards era will      turn out not to be a bad thing. Still, it will be jarring to      wake up in the morning with a stranger.  He closes by saying:       Goodbye, Bob. Get some sleep. You've earned it.  Mr. Cohen may have given up, but I haven't. I still believe the people across America should be contacting National Public Radio, npr.org. Send them your e-mail that Bob Edwards, ``Morning Edition'' is important to you. As a Senator, as a citizen, he is important to me.  The San Diego Union-Tribune in an editorial entitled ``NPR Show Is a Big Hit, So It Must Need Fixing?'' by Robert Laurence:       This story makes no sense.       As such, it's the kind of story that can only happen in the      topsy-turvy Orwellian world of public broadcasting.       It's this: The host of a hugely successful morning radio      show, a show where ratings have done nothing but climb for      years, a man whose skill as an interviewer is unexcelled      in the world of broadcasting, whose very voice helps      millions of Americans get their day grounded, is being      evicted from a seat in the studio.  Mr. Laurence goes on to say:       That's Bob Edwards, since November 1979 the host of      National Public Radio's ``Morning Edition . . . ''  He goes on to talk about the explanations from NPR management, explanations he and I both find wanting. And Scripps Howard, Bill Maxwell and the St. Petersburg Times, entitled ``A Morning Voice That Will Be Missed:''       All good things must come to an end.       And so it is with the ouster of Bob Edwards . . .       To say that Edwards is the end of an era is an      understatement.  He continues:       Thanks in large part to ``Morning Edition,'' when I report      to the St. Petersburg Times editorial board each morning at      9:30, I know what's going on in the Nation and the rest of      the world.  Millions of us would say the same thing.  Columbus Dispatch, Tim Feran: ``Shame On NPR For Axing Edwards Before Big Date.''  The big date, of course, is the 25th anniversary on the air. I agree with Mr. Feran.  The Cleveland Plain Dealer: ``Not a Good Way To Start The Day,'' a title from Connie Schultz, a columnist. She writes:       The man I've been waking up with is leaving me.  She talks about her disappointment and how hard it is to understand why NPR is making this decision.  Turning to the Seattle Post Intelligencer, Bill Radke, a columnist, writes: ``Mornings Without NPR's Colonel Bob.''  He starts:       Bob Edwards has been canned, and there seem to be two types      of people in the world: The ones saying, ``You've ruined my      life, Bob's life, and the lives of everyone I know,'' and the      ones saying, ``Who is Bob Edwards?'' Those who did not listen      to Bob Edwards may now never know. Those who do, understand      full well.  The Hartford Courant, in Connecticut, by Jim Shea:       It's not often that you can use the words National Public      Radio and stupid in the same sentence but such an occasion      has arisen:       National Public Radio's decision to replace ``Morning      Edition'' host Bob Edwards is just plain stupid. What are you      bozos who run NPR thinking? You know, we've really got to do      something about the fabulous ratings we have.       Bob Edwards is not just the bright, witty, urbane,      insightful and immensely likable host of ``Morning Edition,''      he is for the program's 13 million weekly listeners the voice      of the morning.       There is something soothing, something comforting,      something reassuring about stumbling from slumber into the      gentle embrace of Edwards' mellifluous baritone that makes      morning bearable.  He speaks for many people when he writes that.  Finally, on salon.com, Alexandra Marshall makes many of the same points about the importance of Bob Edwards' ``Morning Edition.''  Those who are following this debate may be puzzled as to why a Senator would stand up in this Chamber to make an issue over the replacement of a man who is, by all measures, just another voice in the morning. But Bob Edwards is not another voice in the morning. He is the voice we have counted on and the voice we rely on.  If he is as important to you as he is to so many of us, please, understand National Public Radio exists because of people like us who listen to it and contribute to it out of our own pockets, love it, and want it to continue to be the great institution which it is today. Those who are shareholders of National Public Radio by virtue of our contributions, if we disagree with this decision, have an obligation to tell the management right now.  I encourage those who feel as I do that the replacement of Bob Edwards is wrong, to do two things: First, go to your Internet, e-mail npr.org and let them know what you think; and second, call your local affiliate of the National Public Radio system and let them know this is a sad and sorry decision.  I yield the floor.  