I woke up this morning in Chicago before flying here and heard the news, as did most Americans, about the death of Christopher Reeve at the age of 52. I saw him in the movies--we all did--``Superman'' and others. He was quite a handsome young actor who attracted a lot of attention at the height of his career. Then about 9 years ago he was involved in an accident which left him a quadriplegic.  I remember the photos of Chris Reeve after this happened. There were photos of a man in a wheelchair on a ventilator who looked as if he was just hanging on to life by a thread. He hung on for 9 years, and he didn't just survive, he used his life and used it heroically.  Let me also say I thought so many times about his wife Dana and their family. Those of us who are married said we would stand by our mate for better or for worse, richer or poorer, in sickness and in health. You never quite know what that vow means until you see someone like Dana, the wife of Christopher Reeve, who stood with him, helped him every minute of every day so he could survive.  And he didn't just survive. He fought. What did he fight for? He fought for medical research so people just like him and others who would be victimized like him might have a fighting chance in life. He came here to Capitol Hill and testified, held news conferences, traveled around the United States with the message.  Why is it important that we not just eulogize this brave man and the 9 years of his life where he showed such courage? Because the issue he was fighting for is an issue we will all get to vote for on November 2.  Christopher Reeve and many like him, such as Michael J. Fox, understand that embryonic stem cell research gives them hope, a chance to overcome quadriplegia, a chance to overcome Parkinson's disease, a chance for the millions of families who see their beautiful young son or daughter with juvenile diabetes, just a chance that the research will open the door to find a cure, really breakthrough scientific research involving tiny stem cells that you can only see under a microscope.  Why is this important? Because this administration, the Bush administration, has taken the position that the Federal Government must close the door to embryonic stem cell research and only limit it to a handful of these stem cell lines that were existing on August 2001 when President Bush announced he had in his own mind reached a compromise on this issue. It may have been a political compromise to President Bush, but it compromises the future for millions of Americans.  Some people argue it is a partisan issue: Durbin, you're a Democrat criticizing a Republican President.  Listen closely: No one has ever suggested that Nancy Reagan is not a good Republican, and she stood up to fight for embryonic stem cell research. And Orrin Hatch, a Republican Senator from Utah, has stood up to do the same, and Arlen Specter, another Republican, has stood up to do the same. This is not a partisan issue.  The position we take on this issue is to take the politics out of science. We have an opportunity for Christopher Reeve and people such as him to give them hope and a chance that medical research is going to open doors and make lives better.  Some want this to be a debate on religion. There are some, by religious belief, who do not endorse embryonic stem cell research. We better take care if that is going to be the standard. We could be walking into a very dangerous area.  There are some, by religious belief, who don't believe in blood transfusions. So should we say at this point blood transfusions are immoral for all Americans because one religion or another does not agree they are necessary to prolong life?  There are some, by religious belief, who believe medical doctors should not be turned to but the power of prayer should cure your illness. Should we take that as a moral position for America and say that we cannot encourage medicine in America? I think not. So why in this area, when it comes to medical research, are we going to close the doors that the Bush administration has to the hopes for Christopher Reeve and many like him, and for millions across America?  In just a few days, there will be a debate between President Bush and Senator John Kerry--the last one--in Arizona, about the economy. I hope there is an opportunity for John Kerry to point out these facts:  Forty-seven States under the Bush administration have had a loss of manufacturing jobs. I am sure this chart is hard to see on television. In Illinois we lost 135,800 manufacturing jobs in the last 4 years; almost 40,000 in Missouri; 23,000 plus in Iowa; 52,500 in Wisconsin; 152,000 in Pennsylvania; 164,000 manufacturing jobs lost under the Bush administration in Ohio; 10,000 in West Virginia. The list goes on and on for 47 States. These are the jobs we have lost.  Trust me, when these jobs are lost, they are not replaced with jobs that pay as much or that offer the same kind of benefits. These families are going to have a tough time getting back to where they were. Why has this happened? The Bush administration's economic policies have failed. Tax breaks for the wealthiest people in America have not given us the kind of economic boost that the President promised.  Look at what has happened in the Bush economy when it comes to American families' household income. It is down over $1,500 since the President took office. We have lost ground. We have lost ground for families who get up and work hard every day to try to make ends meet.  Take a look at what happened with unemployment figures. The Senator from Maryland got up and told us we have just set a record of 24 straight months of long-term unemployment at record levels. We have never had that bad a period of time or that bad a stretch in modern economic history in America. It means you have been unemployed for more than 6 months. Look at the numbers that they have grown under the Bush administration, where out-of-work Americans are running out of unemployment benefits.  This President insists that he is not going to rest until every American has a job. This President is not going to get much rest because there are a lot of Americans who have lost jobs. Over 800,000 net jobs were lost under President Bush's administration, which is the lowest job creation number by any President of any political party in over 70 years. And this President is offering us 4 more years? I have to ask, as Senator Kerry did, can America take 4 more years of this?  This administration's approach to the economic problems in America is not taking care of business. Look what is happening to the workers who are working harder. Productivity is up 15 times between 2001 and 2004. Yet wages are stagnant and falling. The harder our people work in America, the lessthey are paid. That is the American dream? Perhaps it is to President Bush but not to the families across America.  Meanwhile, how are corporate profits doing in the recession, the struggling economy? Very well, thank you. They are up 65 percent under the Bush administration, while workers' wages are going down. The rich are getting richer, the poor are getting poorer, and the middle-income folks are feeling the squeeze. That, unfortunately, is the reality of their tax policy.  