President, although I rise in support of the conference report for the Pension Funding Equity Act, I have serious reservations about the lack of relief for multiemployer pension plans. This provision is yet another instance of the White House undermining conference committee negotiations and shutting out fair and full participation by Democratic conferees.  During the 108th Congress, Democrats have been locked out of conference negotiations time and time again in an unprecedented manner. This includes the energy bill, Medicare prescription drug benefit, and the omnibus appropriations. Given the importance of addressing the use of the 30-year Treasury bond rate to compute pension liabilities, our side reluctantly agreed to a conference on this bill as a test case for bipartisan cooperation. Unfortunately, the Senate has failed that test.  The Senate version of this legislation, which passed by a vote of 86-9, would have provided relief to all 1,600 multiemployer pension plans and the 9.7 million workers who have such pensions. During the conference negotiations, there was a tentative agreement to provide relief to 20 percent of the multiemployer plans and to reduce the amount of relief that the Senate version would have provided by roughly half. But then the White House interfered and insisted that the relief for multiemployer pension plans be dramatically reduced. Offers to cover 12 percent or even 10 percent of all multiemployer pension plans--only half of the original conference agreement--were rejected.  As a result, this conference report--approved by a party-line vote--provides relief to less than 4 percent of all multiemployer pensions and provides less than one-third of the relief provided by the Senate version.  In addition to my concerns regarding this procedural breakdown in the conference committee, I also am troubled by the substance of this provision that the White House insisted be reduced. This conference report provides only $250 million in relief to multiemployer pension plans. These plans receive no aid from the other provisions in this legislation.  Without relief from Congress, these plans will remain in crisis. For example, in Rockford, IL, the local iron workers union has a pension plan that covers more than 400 participants and has approximately 100 employer contributors. This plan is in jeopardy. Although multiemployer pension plans often are characterized as providing pensions for ``unionized workers,'' bear in mind that more than 60,000 businesses--mostly small businesses--contribute to multiemployer pension plans. In Rockford, if the iron workers' pension plan is not viable, the 100 companies and contractors that contribute to that plan and act as its signatories may face collapse if faced with the plan's failure and its withdrawal liability.  Therefore, we must provide aid to protect the millions of workers covered by multiemployer pensions and the tens of thousands of small businesses that employ these workers. Today, I am joining with Senators Kennedy, Baucus, Daschle, and others to introduce a bill that would provide fair and equitable aid for these troubled multiemployer pensions. I hope this measure will be enacted as quickly as possible.  Despite my concerns regarding the lack of relief for multiemployer pensions, I rise in support of the conference report because of its deficit reduction contribution relief and its 30-year Treasury bond rate fix. For almost 6 months, I have worked to ensure that DRC relief--especially for the airline and steel industries--would be included in any pension legislation enacted by this Congress.  The DRC relief in this conference report would provide more than $1.6 billion in aid to the airline and steel industries over the next 2 years for companies that had well-funded pension plans as recently as 2000, but need assistance now. This aid would allow these industries to regain their financial footing by providing relief from DRC surcharges of up to 80 percent in 2004 and 2005. This assistance is vital for United Airlines, based in my home State Illinois. As a result, the pensions of almost 130,000 participants in United's pension plans, including over 22,000 participants in Illinois, will be more secure.  I also support this conference report because it would provide a 2-year replacement of the 30-year Treasury bond rate in computing pension liabilities. Nationally, this provision will provide $80 billion in relief to the 31,000 companies that provide single-employer pension plans and cover nearly 35 million workers and retirees.  I have heard from many Illinois companies supporting this provision. They include Caterpillar, Goodyear, John Deere, Smurfit Stone and the Children's Memorial Hospital. Unless this provision is enacted before April 15, the pension funding requirements for these companies will grow by millions of dollars and the pensions of thousands of Illinois workers will be in jeopardy.  Although this conference report is not perfect, I will vote in favor of it to provide aid to the airline and steel industries and to companies that provide single-employer pensions. However, I also look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to provide adequate and equitable relief to multiemployer pension plans as soon as possible.  