President, there is a lot of talk across this country about the important issues in this Presidential campaign. Some people are going to try to define those issues on the floor of the House and Senate in the weeks ahead, but the issues in this campaign will not be defined in Washington, not on Capitol Hill. Those issues will be defined in homes across America where families will decide what is important, and they will listen to the candidates for Congress--the House and Senate--and those who are running for President and Vice President. They will listen to hear whether those candidates are responding to their real concerns.  There will be an effort here to manufacture issues to try to divert American families from their real concerns. In just a short time, I suspect we will have this rush of proposed constitutional amendments coming to the floor of the Senate. It is suggested one will be on the issue of marriage and one on the flag. Quite honestly, it is very apparent why they are being brought to the floor. I personally think we should pass one law--and do it quickly--which says no one can propose a constitutional amendment in a Presidential election year, certainly not within 6 months of an election. Such proposals are automatically suspect and clearly political.  In this case, the Republican leadership is going to bring constitutional amendments to the floor in the hopes that they can divert the attention of American families from the issues they care about to some new set of issues. Why would the Republican leadership want the American people to look at issues other than those they take personally? Because, frankly, they do not have many answers to the questions most families ask.  The families in Illinois and across America with whom I talk are working families concerned about their inability to keep up with costs.  Not surprising, take a look at this chart as an illustration. What has happened to real earnings over the past year in America? For families, average weekly earnings have gone down, but for corporate profits, they have gone up dramatically. There is a disconnect. We want business to be successful. Of course, we do. Successful business means more people working and more good jobs in America. But what is wrong with this picture? Why did corporate profits go up so dramatically and yet working families fell behind so much? The obvious reason is because there are elements in the budget of most families that are not being addressed in Washington.  What is causing this middle-class squeeze across America that is basically denying families their weekly earnings? Why won't the Republican leadership in the Senate and the House address the middle-class squeeze? Why won't we address issues with which people are concerned? Let's be more specific about what that squeeze consists of.  Look at this chart which shows real growth during President Bush's administration. Average weekly earnings have gone up 1 percent since President George W. Bush has come to office--1 percent. What about college tuition costs? They have gone up 28 percent; gas prices, 28 percent. And here is one, this is the killer for business, labor, and families: family health care premiums.  One can say to oneself: What in the world can Congress do about these issues that are raising the cost of living for working families? The answer is, ``plenty.'' What have we done? Nothing, absolutely nothing.  What we have done, unfortunately, is to ignore the real issues facing families. We have ignored the issues they are coping with on a regular basis. College tuition costs: My colleague, Senator Schumer of New York, when we were discussing tax cuts, said the most important tax cuts for working families and for our future include the deductibility of college education expenses.  Well, that is obvious. What do I hope for for my kids, for the kids of my colleagues, and for all who are following this debate? A chance for a good education. What stands in the way? Well, certainly their own achievement--they have to do a good job in school to be eligible to go to college--but then the cost. My colleagues know what I am talking about. How many college graduates today face college tuition costs which are absolutely crippling?  Senator Schumer and others said if we are going to talk about tax cuts to help working families, why do we not allow them to deduct the cost of college education expenses? We offered that amendment. It was defeated by the Republicans. They said, no, the tax cuts should go to the highest income individuals and they will decide what to do with that extra income and they will ultimately help working families.  Gasoline prices----  