President, in a short period of time, we are going to consider the nomination of Diane S. Sykes to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit.  I take this opportunity on the floor of the Senate to express specifically why I will vote against this nomination.  This is my home circuit, the Seventh Circuit, which includes Illinois, Wisconsin, and Indiana, so I believe I have a special responsibility to bring extra scrutiny to this nomination. I acknowledge that Judge Sykes has the support of her home State Senators, and I do not take that support lightly. Senators Feingold and Kohl have worked hard to establish a bipartisan nominating commission in Wisconsin, both for district and circuit court nominations, and I know they have a special obligation to support the nominee who is the product of that process.  I was initially inclined to defer to my Wisconsin colleagues and support the nomination, but after taking a close look at Justice Sykes' background and many of her answers to my questions, I now regret to say I have serious doubts about her fitness for a lifetime appointment to the bench.  Let me be specific. First, let me address Justice Sykes track record regarding the criminally accused. As a member of the Wisconsin Supreme Court, Justice Sykes has not always treated criminal defendants fairly. We expect those who are guilty of crimes to be treated fairly and firmly. We understand the presumption of innocence and we understand that those who have committed terrible crimes must pay a price.  Listen to what Justice Sykes has said about her own judicial temperament. When she ran for reelection to the supreme court in Wisconsin in the year 2000, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel said the following about Justice Sykes:       In her five years on the felony bench, Sykes developed a      reputation as one of the heaviest sentencing judges in      Milwaukee County in recent memory.  Then the Wisconsin State Journal, Justice Sykes admitted:       I have a reputation as a hanging judge, that's true.  I ask my colleagues, do these statements sound like the judicious statements of a person seeking a lifetime appointment to a position where she will be asked repeatedly by those who are presumed innocent to be treated fairly?  During her 2000 campaign for the Wisconsin Supreme Court, Justice Sykes ran radio ads stating that she was such a tough sentencer that defense lawyers tried to avoid her court. She also told a reporter that in light of her tough sentences, a wing of the Wisconsin maximum security prison was informally named after her.  Do these sound like temperate statements by a person who will be asked to honor the presumption of innocence and treat all persons in her court fairly?  Let me mention a specific case which troubles me greatly in which Justice Sykes anticriminal defendant bias reared its ugly head. In the case of State v. Carlson, the Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled 6 to 1 to overturn a conviction and permit a new trial--not to exonerate a defendant but to permanent a new trial--because one of the jurors in this criminal case did not speak or understand English. Justice Sykes was the lone dissenting vote. The juror in this case, whose native language was Lao, received a questionnaire which asked if he could understand the English language well enough to serve on the jury. The juror checked the box ``no.'' He did not understand English well enough to serve on a jury. Under Wisconsin law, the clerk was required at that point to strike the juror from the jury pool. The trial judge, nevertheless, allowed that juror who did not understand the English language to remain on the jury and the defendant was convicted.  Justice Sykes, seeking a lifetime appointment to the second highest Federal court in the land, was the only member of the Wisconsin Supreme Court to vote to uphold the conviction, and concluded this was a harmless error, that a juror could sit in judgment in a criminal trial incapable of understanding the language being spoken in the courtroom. She was the only Wisconsin Supreme Court justice to conclude that such a juror was no obstacle to justice.  Would any one of us in the Senate or any of us following this debate want our fate decided by a juror who could not even understand the words spoken in our defense?  In another case in which she was the trial judge, State v. Fritz, Judge Sykes denied the defendant's ineffective assistance of counsel claim when the defendant's own attorney advised him to lie on the witness stand. Judge Sykes was unanimously reversed. The court of appeals wrote the overwhelming weight of authority is to the contrary; indeed, the sixth amendment of the Constitution is one such authority.  Let me speak to another concern about Justice Sykes. I have great concern about her candor. I believe she made misleading statements to the Senate about a 1993 case in which she was the trial court judge. The case involved the prosecution of two abortion clinic protesters who shut down a Milwaukee clinic by welding their legs to the front of a car parked at the clinic entrance. It took blowtorches and firefighters to remove them.  These defendants had a long history of anti-abortion activity. One had been arrested 80 times in abortion protests; another, 20 times. The defendants had injunctions against them for their protests. As the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported just this week, they had companion cases in front of Judge Sykes for other anti-abortion crimes they had committed. One of the defendants had appeared before her six times in one of those cases. They were leaders, well known in Milwaukee's anti-abortion community, at a time when that city was one of the Nation's hubs for that activity.  In a statement submitted to Judge Sykes just days before the sentencing, one of the defendants equated abortion with the Holocaust and slavery. He called abortion clinics ``death camps.'' He called doctors ``hired killers.'' At the sentencing hearing, Judge Sykes praised these defendants. She told them:       I do respect you a great deal for having the courage of      your convictions and for the ultimate goals that you sought      to achieve by this conduct.  She also said:       As far as your character and history and background,      obviously, you possess fine characters. I agree with      everything that's been said on that basis. It's a unique case      in that respect, that you have otherwise been exemplary      citizens. Your motivations were pure.  I asked Justice Sykes in writing why she heaped this praise on the defendants, given the fact they had been arrested 100 times for anti-abortion protests. She responded that she was unaware of their arrest records and that, in any event, there was no evidence in the record of a history of arrests in connection with their protest activity.  I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record a copy of my written questions to Justice Sykes and her written answers.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record as follows:       9. You were the trial judge in a 1993 case involving two      anti-abortion activists, Michael Scott and Jack Lightner, who      were convicted of blocking a door to a Milwaukee abortion      clinic. The protesters blocked the doorway by binding their      legs with welded pipes to the front of a car; they were      removed by firefighters with blowtorches. You sentenced the      protesters to 60 days in prison with work-release privileges      but not before praising their motives. You told the      defendants: ``I do respect you a great deal for having the      courage of your convictions and for the ultimate goals that      you sought to achieve by this conduct.'' You also stated:      ``As far as your character and history and background,      obviously you possess fine characters'' and are ``exemplary      citizens.'' And you told the defendants, ``Your motivations      were pure.''       A. There are 3 factors that you considered in sentencing:      (1) the nature of the offense, (2) the character, history,      and background of the defendants, and (3) the interests of      the community. With respect to the second factor, you stated      that the defendants had ``fine characters'' and were      ``exemplary citizens.'' According to press reports, one of      the defendants in this case had been arrested 80 times in      abortion protests, and the other had been arrested 20 times.      Why did you believe that they possessed ``fine characters''      and were ``exemplary citizens''?       Answer: It is axiomatic under Wisconsin law that defendants      have a right to be sentenced upon facts that are of record.      McCleary v. State, 49 Wis. 2d 263, 277, 182 N.W.2d 512      (1971). The press reports referenced in your question, and      the arrests which the question attributes to the press      reports, were not facts of record in the case; I was, to the      best of my recollection, unaware of these reports. Even if I      had been aware of the press reports, it would have been      legally improper for me to consider them as they were outside      the record in the case.       The case in question was a 1993 misdemeanor disorderly      conduct prosecution of two individuals arising out of an      abortion clinic protest. Most disorderly conduct prosecutions      in Milwaukee County involve acts of domestic violence, bar      fights, and the like, and defendants in misdemeanor court are      often recidivists with recent criminal records for offenses      such as battery, theft, prostitution, drunk driving, and so      forth. At sentencing in this case, the prosecutor took the      unusual step of standing silent, choosing not to make a      sentence recommendation. The defense attorneys and the      defendants urged a sentence of community service.       Judges are required under Wisconsin sentencing law to take      into account mitigating and aggravating factors regarding the      gravity of the offense, the character and background of the      offender, and the interests of the community. McCleary, 49      Wis. 2d at 276. At the sentencing in this case, the facts of      record about the defendants' backgrounds demonstrated that      they were atypical misdemeanor defendants: they were      generally law-abiding, educated, employed individuals with      stable families, no drug or alcohol problems, and no      rehabilitative needs. Although one defendant had a couple of      extremely old, minor convictions from the mid-1970s and a      more recent disorderly conduct fine, this conduct was so      remote and/or inconsequential as to not be relevant to that      defendant's current status before the court. While both      defendants admitted to active, continued involvement in anti-     abortion protests, this was the first criminal conviction of      this type for both defendants, and there was no evidence in      the record of a history of arrests in connection with their      protest activity. As I noted in my sentencing remarks, the      offense was not committed out of any sort of self-interest,      the defendants were not violent, assaultive or threatening,      and they did not resist arrest in the case. Accordingly, none      of the usual criminal motivations or sentence aggravating      factors was present.       As a result, both defendants stood before the court, based      upon the facts of record, as exemplary citizens with fine      characters, which I was required to note as a mitigating      factor separate and apart from the seriously disruptive and      disorderly conduct they engaged in at the abortion clinic. I      took substantial note of the seriousness of the offense      during my sentencing remarks, including the following: ``the      community has a right to expect that the public order and      that legitimate businesses will not be disrupted and      interfered with in a way that rises to criminal dimensions,      and this would be true even where the people who are engaging      in this kind of conduct are exercising their free speech      rights and free assembly rights and are in pursuit of goals      that are not in and of themselves illegal.'' And further:      ``The community obviously . . . has a strong interest in      deterring this type of conduct both by you and by others.''      And further: ``What especially concerns me about this case is      . . . your willingness and expressed intention to go beyond      mere peaceful picketing to clinic blockades and other types      of more dramatic methods to stop abortions from taking place,      and these methods over time have the potential to cause the      community even more serious harm, and to the extent that it      can, my sentence has to protect the community at least for an      interim period from these kind of tactics.''       The options for sentencing in the case included community      service, a fine, probation--or up to 90 days in jail. Based      upon a balance of the mitigating and aggravating factors, I      sentenced the defendants to 60 days in jail, which      represented two-thirds of the potential maximum jail sentence      for this crime.       B. Please explain what you mean when you told the      defendants that you had a great deal of respect for ``the      ultimate goals you sought to achieve by this conduct.''       Answer: The evidence in the case established that the goal      the defendants sought to achieve by their protest was      reduction of the number of abortions in our community. As I      noted in my sentencing remarks: ``I think that people on both      sides of the abortion issue would probably agree with you      that reducing the number of abortions in this country is a      desirable goal.'' It was that ultimate goal that I respected.       C. The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel wrote that you gave the      defendants in this case ``unusual leeway to argue that the      social value of their protest outweighed their violation of      the law.'' However, during your campaign for the Wisconsin      Supreme Court, you stated that you were ``a firm believer in      personal responsibility and individual accountability, and      I'm well known that that.'' Why, in the case involving      abortion protestors, did you give ``unusual leeway'' to the      defendants?       Answer: There was nothing ``unusual'' about my handling of      the case, as later admitted by The Milwaukee Journal. The      newspaper properly corrected the record in a retraction dated      April 8, 1993, in which the editors noted that applicable law      and a well-accepted jury instruction allowed the jury to take      into consideration any social value or contribution to the      public interest of the defendants' conduct in determining      whether it constituted disorderly conduct. I have attached a      copy of that retraction. The jury instruction is based upon      Wisconsin case law involving disorderly conduct prosecutions      in the context of political protests. See WI Jury      Instructions--Criminal, 1900, n.4. The abortion protester      case, therefore, was unusual only in the sense that there are      not very many disorderly conduct prosecutions arising out of      political protests. My handling of the case did not,      therefore, represent ``unusual leeway'' to the defendants in      this context.  