President, the preamble to our Constitution makes it clear what our responsibilities shall be and puts in order that first we provide for common defense and then promote the general welfare. A lot has been said on the floor of the Senate about our common defense, what is happening in Iraq and Afghanistan in our war on terrorism. It is an issue front and center for the American people, as it should be.  Considering that issue alone is to ignore our obvious requirement under the Constitution to also promote the general welfare. We need to look beyond the defense issue to the welfare of American citizens and look to specific items that concern them. This I can tell you with some degree of certainty.  Pick any State in this Union. Allow me or anyone to visit that State and meet with businesses large and small, and families, and ask them what they are worried about, what do they sit and talk about, what are the issues that give them caution about the future.  What I have found in Illinois, which is a fairly typical State, being rural and urban south and north and midwestern, as well as showing signs of big city with our city of Chicago, when I have visited with these businesses for the is that last several years--small and large businesses alike--their concern is the cost of health insurance. Over and over they say to me: Senator, we are glad you are out there. We are glad you are serving in the Senate. When are you going to start talking about issues that really count for us when it comes to our business and its costs?  This year we are going to make certain that we at least raise this issue in debate on the Senate floor, even if we will not raise a single bill to be considered in the Senate to deal with this issue and grapple with it.  This is ``Cover the Uninsured Week'' across the United States. An impressive coalition of individuals and groups have come forward. Former President Jimmy Carter, former President Gerald Ford, the AFL-CIO, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, AARP, United Way, the Catholic Health Association, and the American Medical Association have all come forward this week and said: Do not overlook the obvious. Too many people in America do not have health insurance.  Mr. President, 44 million people in our country, 15.2 percent of our population, were uninsured in the year 2000--that was up from 14.6 percent the year before--the largest single-year increase in both number and rate of uninsured people in a decade.  When one wants to measure the strength of the economy and whether we are recovering, it is not enough to say a person has a job. Clearly the obvious question has to be asked: Does the job pay a decent wage? Is there any health insurance coverage involved in it?  We are finding the raw statistics of employment do not tell the whole story. Keep this in mind: More than 20 million working adults lacked health insurance in the year 2002 and the number is growing. 