When we talk about the need for more money for education, more money for health care, tax credits for small businesses to provide health insurance, tax deductions for families to help pay for college tuition, we find we are in a difficult position to even consider it. Why?  Here is the chart that tells the story. Take a look at this. As President Clinton left office, there was a $236 billion surplus in the Federal Treasury. Today, under President Bush's leadership, there is a deficit of $422 billion, the largest deficit in the history of the United States.  We have our hands tied when it comes to doing things to help American families get through this tough time when they see the cost of gasoline, the cost of health care, and the cost of college tuition going up, while their personal incomes are not increasing.  Take a look, as well, at the specifics when it comes to real household income for families in America under President Bush. It declined by $1,535, 4 years of President Bush; real family income down $1,500.  Now take a look at the cost to families. Under President Bush's leadership, the cost of family health care premiums has gone up $3,599. When Senator Edwards turned last night to Vice President Cheney and said, I don't think America can take 4 more years of this, this is what he is talking about. Real family income is declining and the cost to families for the necessities of life is increasing.  What we are finding out over and over is that families are not better off. We have seen household income go down under the Bush administration, gasoline prices up 22 percent, college tuition costs up 28 percent, family health care premiums up 45 percent. That is the harsh reality of the cost ofliving for working families across America.  When Senator Edwards confronted Vice President Cheney last night with those realities, what the Vice President said was, Well, we certainly hope everyone can find a job. Hope is not enough. You need a policy that does not reward the wealthiest in America with tax cuts, but that instead helps working families deal with the realities of the costs of life.  The Vice President and the President are wrong. They are wrong in their policies and some say resolute, I say perhaps too resolute, in sticking with the policy that has failed.  We are in a position where we need new leadership. We have that opportunity, and last night's debate showed the sharp contrast between the projected programs and hopes and policies of the Kerry/Edwards ticket as opposed to the harsh realities of the programs we have seen over the last 4 years.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  