President, I understand that an article printed in the New York Times yesterday, October 3, relative to the war in Iraq and the intelligence leading up to it, was printed in the Record earlier today in Senator Byrd's remarks.  Mr. President, it was about 2 years ago that we faced a critical decision on the floor of the Senate. It was a vote that most Members of the Senate, certainly Members of the House, will never forget. It is rare in your legislative career that you are asked to vote to go to war, and that is exactly what occurred in this Chamber in October of 2002. It has happened two or three times in my congressional career.  Each time it has been a matter of grave concern. Each Member of the Senate and the House want to make certain that they use their best judgment, that they get it right. Because if we embark on a war, it goes without saying that some of the bravest and best Americans we serve are going to risk their lives and some will lose their lives. That was what faced us in October of 2002.  The final vote was 77 Members in favor of the use of force resolution to go to war in Iraq and 23 in opposition. Of the 23 Senators voting in opposition--1 Republican, Senator Chafee of Rhode Island--22 were Democrats. I was included in that number of 22 Democrats.  I remember the vote. It was late at night. When we finally adjourned and left, each of us felt a heavy weight on our shoulders. We knew that decision in this room by 100 Americans would lead to a war and others would die, many others would be injured as a result. Each Member of the Senate, I am certain, tried to make the right choice and the right decision based on the information they had and their conscience.  Now today, some 2 years later, we step back from that moment and reflect on it, because it was a critical moment in the history of our democracy.  When we vote to go to war, a war in this case which President Bush asked us to support, we have to do it based on facts and evidence given to us. It is rare that any one of us has any personal knowledge of the circumstances that lead up to the possibility of war. We rely on people who serve our Government--our military leaders, our intelligence experts, people in the field of diplomacy. We ask them to give us information so we can make the right decision, and that is the position we found ourselves in in October of 2002.  Today we reflect on the information given to the Congress and the American people before this historic and momentous decision to go to war in Iraq. As we view this information, we cannot help but believe that we were deceived. We were misled. We were given the wrong information before that invasion. Many of the things said to us on the floor of the Senate, much of the information given to us by the administration that led to that decision to go to war in Iraq today, 2 years later, we know was wrong. It was just wrong.  Think back about that debate and what led up to it. In the few short weeks when it became abundantly clear that we would face that decision, we had heard about Iraq for years. We remembered their invasion of Kuwait, the Persian Gulf War where, under General Schwarzkopf, our Army liberated the people of Kuwait, driving the Iraqis back into their homeland.  We knew who Saddam Hussein was. We knew the kind of thug, brutal dictator that he had been in his own country. We remembered that wasting war that he had with Iran where thousands of innocent people were killed. We knew exactly what we were dealing with in Saddam Hussein. He was not a new character for me in my congressional career, nor for most Americans.  But prior to the invasion of Iraq we were told that it had more to do with other issues. It wasn't just the fact that he was an evil dictator; it was the fact that he was a threat to the people of his own nation, to the region, and to the United States. That is what we heard from the Bush administration in support of the invasion of Iraq.  You will remember the debate very well. How often we heard from the President and others that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction that would be used to harm America, that he had unmanned aerial vehicles which he could launch against other nations in the Middle East, against Israel, even against the United States.  We were told that he was somehow linked with al-Qaida and Osama bin Laden, the perpetrators of the disgraceful and barbaric acts of September 11, 2001. Those were the facts given to us.  We know in those cases and in so many others that those facts were wrong--just plain wrong. The American people were misled. They were told there was a threat against this country that did not exist. The question which faces us today and one which goes to the heart of our democracy is whether the people who made those statements knew they were misleading the American people.  That is a very serious charge. It may be the most serious charge in a democracy--that any leader in Congress or in the executive branch of the Government deliberately misled the American people into believing there was a threat, into believing that a war was necessary, and into making a decision that was based on wrong information. That debate has raged ever since.  When we invaded Iraq and found no weapons of mass destruction, when we found no evidence of these chemical and biological stockpiles, these arsenals of weapons, poised and ready to strike us, the American people and many Members of Congress had to stop and think: if that key element in the war against Iraq was wrong, if we were misled about that fact, what other facts were we misled about?  This New York Times article, which has been put into the Record for all to read, addresses one particular element. Most everyone who remembers that debate--I remember so many parts of it--will recall how much time we spent asking ourselves whether Iraq was in a position where it had nuclear weapons or the capacity to build them. Time and again, this debate focused on one piece of tangible evidence: aluminum tubes, aluminum tubes which might or could have been used in the production of nuclear weapons.  You will remember the references to them. They were made by virtually every member of the Bush administration--the President, the Vice President, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Each one of them made some reference to these aluminum tubes and the fact that they were proof-positive evidence of the nuclear weapons that could threaten us from Iraq. This New York Times piece has taken the time to go through the history of these aluminum tubes. What they have found is indeed troubling. What they found is abundantly clear, that the administration deliberately disregarded the facts and findings of the Department of Energy and other key intelligence agencies and, as a result, misled the American people about Iraq's nuclear program--the single most important justification for the war.  Now, a President--any President--must always take whatever actions arenecessary to protect America. But the true test of leadership is telling the truth to the American people about the world, tell them of our threats based on reality, based on truth, based on facts. That is the hard work of the Presidency.  In this case, the President did not do that. In his State of the Union Address, and in many other statements, we were told things that were, frankly, not true. Even today, after we have investigated Iraq, after we have sent thousands of inspectors to look for the evidence that we were told would be there, after we have come up empty-handed for a year and a half, even today, when National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice was asked on public television whether she would concede that the statements of the administration misled the American public, she would not do so.  I say this: If Dr. Condoleezza Rice knows of any credible evidence to support the argument that Iraq was using those aluminum tubes to build nuclear weapons, she owes it to the American people and to her President to step forward and say so. The New York Times, in its lengthy investigation, produced evidence to the contrary. Yet Dr. Rice refuses to even acknowledge it.  We should never give any country veto power over America's security. But we have to be honest with the American people about what we need to be safe. This New York Times article details how the administration spoke with such great certainty to the American people about Saddam's nuclear program, at a time when they knew privately that the evidence was highly questionable. In fact, this article shows that top members of the administration repeatedly made statements that any fair analysis of the facts on our intelligence would have informed them were wrong.  Specifically, in September of 2002, before the vote to go to war, Vice President Cheney said the United States had ``irrefutable evidence'' of Iraq's nuclear program, based on Iraq's possession of thousands of tubes made of high-strength aluminum. In September 2002--the same month--Condoleezza Rice said: ``We do know that he [Saddam Hussein] is actively pursuing a nuclear weapon.'' She went on to say that it was based on the aluminum tubes that were ``only suited for a nuclear weapons program.'' She said, ``We don't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud.''  Can you think of a more provocative statement from the National Security Adviser to the President about the threat of Iraq to the United States, that we might face a mushroom cloud; that we, in fact, would be the victims of a nuclear attack because Saddam Hussein had these weapons? Those were the words of Dr. Rice. Those were words that we know now were not backed up with facts and evidence.  In October 2002, President Bush said in Cincinnati:       Iraq has attempted to purchase high-strength aluminum tubes      and other equipment needed for gas centrifuges, used to      enrich uranium for nuclear weapons.  In fact, by the time the President made that statement, this administration was clearly divided from within as to whether that statement was true. I know because I sit on the Intelligence Committee. I know because I sat through days of hearings, where representatives of the Department of Energy and the Central Intelligence Agency clearly disagreed about whether those tubes were proof positive of Saddam Hussein's nuclear weaponry program.  Let's concede the obvious. There was a time when Saddam Hussein was building nuclear weapons back in the early 1990s. We were right to be vigilant and to find out whether he had renewed that program and it was a threat to the region and the United States. The only thing we could find was some evidence that Iraq had purchased these aluminum tubes from Hong Kong. And then we were fortunate to be able to intercept a shipment of these tubes in Jordan and to take a close look at them.  There was a fellow in the Central Intelligence Agency, working for that agency, an analyst, who was building the case that these tubes were proof positive that Saddam Hussein was back in the business of nuclear weapons.  The Senate Intelligence Committee that I serve on took a look at his analysis. Their conclusion was troubling because they concluded that his facts were wrong, his conclusions were wrong; that he was involved in group-think, in their words, and a holy war within this administration to prove that these tubes were related to nuclear weapons.  They wanted to prove--the CIA did--through this analyst that these tubes were part of a secret high-risk venture to build a nuclear bomb. But they kept running into a problem: Within the same Bush administration, the Department of Energy disputed their conclusions. I heard those arguments, most of America did not. One of the reasons I voted against the use of force resolution was, in my mind, it clearly was not established that Saddam Hussein had nuclear weapons which he would use against the United States.  In June 2001, we seized a shipment of these aluminum tubes. We sent our very best expert to investigate whether they could be used for nuclear weapons, and those who looked at them came back and said, first, in size and materials--this is August of 2001--the tubes were very different from those Iraq had used in centrifuge prototypes before. In fact, the team could find no centrifuge machines deployed in a functioning environment that used such narrow tubes. They believed that the conclusion was unlikely that these tubes were going to be used.  In the months after September 11, 2001, the Bush administration devised a strategy to fight al-Qaida. Vice President Cheney became deeply involved in reviewing the intelligence evidence. He became a self-appointed examiner of the worst case scenarios involving Iraq. He had the background. He had been Chief of Staff of President Ford and Secretary of Defense for first President Bush. He knew all the intelligence agencies and what they did.  So he was not simply passing when it came to this whole question. He read of an allegation that Iraq was importing yellow cake uranium concentrate from Niger in Africa. He went on to conclude in a statement made on CNN that based on what he had read, Vice President Cheney said Saddam Hussein is actively pursuing nuclear weapons at this time. But, in fact, there was a debate raging within this administration as to whether that was true.  Over and over the reports from the CIA were disputed by other agencies. The tubes just did not have the necessary thickness to be part of a nuclear weapons program. So we find ourselves in a situation where statements were being made by the Vice President and by others which could not be verified based on the facts within the same administration.  The Senate Intelligence Committee issued a 511-page report on this effort, and they concluded that the CIA analyst involved was so determined to prove his theory on this aluminum tube that he twisted test results, ignored factual discrepancies, and ignored dissenting views.  We know how this ended. It ended with the American people and many Members of Congress convinced that these aluminum tubes were being used for nuclear weapons. For some Members of the Senate, there was no choice; they had to use this evidence to build a case to go to war in Iraq. Statements were made by Vice President Cheney on August 26, 2002, at the VFW convention in Nashville. Despite the dispute going on within his own administration, the Vice President said:       The case of Saddam Hussein, a sworn enemy of our country,      requires candid appraisal of the facts.  Mr. Cheney went on to say:       We now know--  And this is August of 2002--       We now know Saddam has resumed his efforts to acquire      nuclear weapons.  On the thinnest evidence, on the disputed aluminum tubes, Vice President Cheney made the strongest possible case he could make that the nuclear weapons program in Iraq was underway. He conjured these images of an Iraq of nuclear weapons and the threat they posed to the world while members of his own administration disputed his conclusions.  Again, President Bush, Mr. Tenet, and others made these cases over and over again about the aluminum tubes. Mr. Cheney went on ``Meet the Press'' on September 8, 2002, and confirmed when asked that the tubes were themost alarming evidence behind the administration's view that Iraq had resumed its nuclear weapons programs. He said the tubes had ``raised our level of concern.''  The same day, Dr. Rice went on CNN and said that the aluminum tubes ``are only really suited for nuclear weapons programs.'' She made that statement at a time when the President's own Department of Energy had reached an opposite conclusion. She said these tubes ``are only really suited for nuclear weapons programs'' when, in fact, that was not the case.  What we have learned here in the course of this investigation, what we have learned from all of the investigations that followed after our invasion of Iraq, what we have learned now that the 9/11 Commission, the bipartisan Commission, has had a chance to look closely at the evidence is that in this case and in so many others, we were misled. The American people were given wrong information and bad information about the situation in Iraq. It was not just flawed intelligence; it was not just a failure of the intelligence agencies; it was a failure of the leaders in the Bush administration to honestly portray the facts, to tell the American people that there was suspicion of a nuclear weapons program but an honest dispute as to whether it existed. Why didn't they portray it that way? Because we would never have gone to war if they had told us that fact, if they had given us the evidence straight, if they had told us about disputes within this administration which were unresolved.  There was a debate last Thursday night between the two leading candidates, the President and Senator Kerry, about foreign policy and about Iraq. Time and again, President Bush said that his was a difficult job, and I do not dispute that for a moment. He talked about all the hard work that was necessary to protect America, and I do not doubt there is hard work. But I will tell you this: part of that hard work has to include taking an honest look at the evidence given to you as the Commander in Chief, being willing to say that if there is a dispute about evidence so basic as these aluminum tubes and the nuclear weapon program of Iraq, that no President should step forward and mislead the American people.  That dispute was ongoing within the Bush administration, and yet clear statements were made by the President, the Vice President, and leading members of the Cabinet that a nuclear weapons program existed when, in fact, it did not.  I hope my colleagues and others will review this evidence, understand the challenges we face, and I hope they will also come to the same conclusion that I have, and that is that whatever we face in terms of threats in the future, whoever that President might be, I am certain he will be committed to the security of America, but he also must be committed to the values of America--the values of honesty, openness, and candor, even when the facts do not support original conclusions.  In some cases, Senator Kerry has been criticized because he changed his position. In this case, the Bush administration took a position on nuclear weapons in Iraq that was wrong, that history and the evidence has proven was wrong. They refused to acknowledge the facts and evidence that came out to dispute it. They stuck with their story even when it was wrong, and now today we have serious questions as to the reasoning and the case made before our invasion of Iraq.  Mr. President, I yield the floor in morning business. I would like to ask the Presiding Officer--I do not see either the chairman of the Governmental Affairs Committee or the ranking member in the Chamber. I have a pending amendment to the bill. I am not going to even suggest to offer it since the chairman is not on the Senate floor, but I will at some later time.  I yield the floor.  