President, I thank the Senator from California for what she said. This tax bill came about because we got into a fight with our trading partners over export subsidies. At the end of the fight, they won and we lost. An export subsidy that we had in the United States had to be taken off the books. So what was a minor facelift when it came to an export subsidy turned out, after our friends in the House and Senate got their hands on it, to be an extreme makeover of the Tax Code. Unfortunately, the American people, who could not afford the powerful lobbyists involved in writing this, ended up as the people with the sad faces.  So when we take a close look at what this bill did, what was supposed to be a quick and minor fix of the Tax Code blossomed into a huge giveaway of tax benefits and made some policy changes we are going to regret.  I have been fighting the tobacco companies as long as I have been in Congress but 15 years ago passed the law which banned smoking on airplanes. The passage of that law led to some very important things happening in the U.S. Government and across the board. But I mistakenly believed that the trend was on our side, that those of us who wanted to protect children from becoming addicted to tobacco really had the wind at our backs.  Well, we lost it in this conference committee because we put in the conference report a provision which the major tobacco company, Philip Morris/Altria, agreed on which said if we are going to buy out tobacco growers, then we are going to put FDA regulation in place so we can protect children from being sold tobacco products that lead to an addiction that can lead to disease or death.  It was a good, balanced bill, a bipartisan bill. Senator DeWine, a Republican of Ohio, and Senator Kennedy, Democrat of Massachusetts, put together this FDA regulation. We sent it to conference and those conferees who put together this monstrous bill ripped it out.  Instead, they said, we are going to give billions of dollars to buy out tobacco growers but not one penny to protect children from the harm of tobacco products.  I will return next year, God willing, to renew this battle with my colleagues. We cannot give up on our children as this bill did. It is not the only thing wrong with the bill. It is the one that touches me personally and one about which I feel strongly.  