President, I am fortunate enough to have been here to hear my colleague from Louisiana give his farewell speech. It was my good fortune to have served with him both in the House and in the Senate. He is one of the favorites of both sides of the aisle. It is an amazing tribute to John and his political career that he does have so many friends in the Senate. From the liberal wing to the conservative wing, Republicans, Democrats, North, South, East and West, you like John Breaux. You like him because he is a genuine person and also because he comes from a State that is a lot of fun and he is a lot of fun. Some of my best memories of John are his hard work here and then his hard play at home.  When he would invite us to New Orleans for a Democratic leadership conference and other meetings and show us his major city in his home State, it was always a treat.  Then occasionally he would export a little bit of Louisiana to Washington and to the site of the Democratic Convention, and it was always a sellout event. People wanted to be there. John never let them down. I saw him at the Los Angeles Convention where he gave a little party--and I use that term advisedly. It was not little at all, it was a big party. He was dressed in a costume for Mardis Gras that would have put Elvis Presley to shame. It was an amazing array of gold and sequins, the likes of which I have never seen. He looked so much at home in that outfit.  I said to him: How do the people back in Louisiana take to that kind of dress?  He said: You know, they would throw me out of office if I didn't do these things. They expect that of me.  I also went down to New Orleans with him and saw him in a musical performance with a zydeco band. He has musical talent most people don't know about.  I tell you these things because people who follow the Senate, hear the speeches, look at positions on issues and look at the party labels, forget that behind each and every one of us is a real life story.  I love the story of your family coming to Washington, John. It is a beautiful story of packing up the kids and your first impression. Every one of us has that story to tell. There are new Senators coming and saving up those stories in their own minds for the day they stand behind that desk to say what it means to be one of the few Americans given a chance to serve in this great Chamber.  We are going to miss John Breaux and all that he brought to the Senate and all he brought to this Nation. He has been a problem solver. He has tried to reach across the aisle over and over to create bipartisan coalitions. Sometimes I was with him; sometimes I was not. It did not make any difference because it was a good-faith effort on John Breaux's part to serve his State and this Nation.  He has had a great career in the House and the Senate. His departure will leave a gap in terms of quality that many of us will work hard to fill. John, I am honored I could serve with you and that I could hear your parting remarks this evening. I wish you and your family the very best.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  