President, last night, I was in Cleveland, OH--I got back in the early hours of this morning--to be present at the Vice Presidential debate between our colleague, Senator Edwards, and Vice President Cheney. It is an interesting responsibility and assignment that I had, along with several of my colleagues on the Republican side, to provide the so-called spin after the debate. You would think that voters could reach theirown conclusions about who said what and how they should vote, but there are many who line up in an effort to stress the important and strong points made by their candidate. That was my role last night.  I am not going to presume to tell anybody who watched that debate who won or lost. I will point out two specific things that were said by Vice President Cheney that I believe demand some clarification. He said at one point in the debate that he had never met Senator Edwards. In fact, he said:       In my capacity as Vice President, I am President of the      Senate, the presiding officer. I am in the Senate most      Tuesdays in session. The first time I met you [Senator      Edwards] was when you walked on the stage tonight.  That is what Vice President Cheney said last night. You know, all of us forget from time to time when we have met someone. In this particular instance, the Vice President had forgotten that at least on two previous occasions he had not only met Senator Edwards but had been in very close contact with him. In fact, at the National Prayer Breakfast on February 1, 2001, Vice President Cheney acknowledged Senator Edwards, who was in the audience. They were at the same event. Then, at the swearing-in ceremony for Senator Edwards' colleague, Senator Elizabeth Dole, in 2003, in fact, Vice President Cheney was standing right next to Senator Dole and Senator Edwards.  So to suggest that he never met the man last night--it turns out that he had a lapse in memory. It happens to us all. It is a rather incidental thing in the scheme of things but for the other lapse of memory the Vice President had last night. I listened to him say these words, and I could not believe it. He said:       I have not suggested there is a connection between Iraq and      9/11.  I wrote that down and underlined it, saying I can't believe that, because I have heard him say repeatedly that there was a connection between 9/11 and Iraq that warranted our invasion of Iraq before we put together a broad and strong coalition to share in the burden. So with some research we find that at least on two occasions, and many others perhaps, the Vice President has forgotten again. This is what he said on December 2, 2002:       His [Saddam Hussein] regime has had high level contacts      with al-Qaida going back a decade, and has provided training      to al-Qaida terrorists.  That is a direct quote from Vice President Cheney, who said last night he had never suggested that connection.  Then again, on January 22, 2004, on National Public Radio, the ``Morning Edition,'' he said:       I think there is overwhelming evidence that there was a      connection between al-Qaida and the Iraqi government.  Those are his quotes. Last night, he denied them. I will tell you why he should have denied them. He was wrong. He was wrong then and wrong the other times he suggested the connection between Saddam Hussein and al-Qaida to justify our invasion of Iraq. In fact, the 9/11 Commission, a bipartisan commission, has dismissed that premise. The Senate Intelligence Committee, which I serve on, has dismissed that premise and said the intelligence community failed us when they made that suggestion. And here is the best part. On October 4 of this year, Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, in the President's Cabinet with the Vice President, said he had no hard evidence to link al-Qaida and Saddam Hussein. The Secretary of Defense said:       To my mind, I have not seen any strong, hard evidence      linking the two.  Why is this significant? It is significant for the same reason that the report that is about to come out today, ordered by this administration, a report prepared by the chief U.S. weapons inspector in Iraq, again says that there is no evidence of weapons of mass destruction. This administration is in denial when it comes to the reality of Iraq.  