 This administration is in denial when it comes to the reality of Iraq. We have a Vice President who linked Saddam Hussein and al-Qaida, and that has been debunked and dismissed by several sources, including his own Secretary of Defense, and an administration that still clings to this notion of weapons of mass destruction despite report after report of no evidence of weapons of mass destruction, and they tell the American people that is why we had to do this; that is why we had to invade before we put together a coalition, that is why we had to send troops into combat before they had the necessary body armor to protect themselves, before the Humvee vehicles that our brave soldiers were driving in Iraq were protected with armor, before our helicopters had the necessary defensive equipment, we sent our troops into harm's way.  The Bush administration saw an urgency based on wrong information. Today, neither the President nor Vice President will accept the reality that they were wrong. How can you make a policy in America to make it stronger unless and until you accept the reality?  Last night, Vice President Cheney could not accept the reality that he was wrong linking 9/11 to Saddam Hussein, and the President cannot accept the reality that there were no weapons of mass destruction. In fact, now the report says the best they can find was a desire to build weapons of mass destruction. Is that what it takes to justify a preemptive attack on a country, that its leader may desire to create a weapon that could threaten us? I certainly hope the standard would be much higher.  If you look at the record--I listened to the Senator from Minnesota who talked to us about domestic issues--it is hard to imagine that they are going to make an argument on the Republican side that this has been a successful administration when it comes to domestic issues.  Just take a look at private sector jobs. Under President Clinton, 20.7 million private sector jobs were created; under President Bush, we lost 1.6 million private sector jobs. You have to go back 70 years through Democratic and Republican Presidents to find such a failure in the creation of jobs. But this administration clings tenaciously to the notion that their economic policy is the best.  I see the Senator from Delaware. How much time do I have remaining in morning business?  