 President, earlier today the Senate Finance Committee heard testimony on the issue of most-favored-nation trade policy for China. As you know Mr. President, the President of the United States, President Clinton, on May 20 announced that China would be granted most-favored-nation status for another year. This is an annual determination made in the case of China. For the other 100 and some nations that have most-favored-nation trade status with us it is more on a permanent basis. It does not have to be annually like it is for China.  I might say, too, for the benefit of my colleagues that there are only about five or six countries that would be called major trading partners, or potential major trading partners that do not have most-favored-nation status. So I am not sure that the terminology is very good when it really kind of refers to normal trading status between the United States and any other country. But it has been titled like this for decades. So it sounds like maybe really more than what it really is. But the President made that decision.  I wanted to announce my support of the President's decision. So we are going to enter a period of time here where Congress debates whether or not the President is right to have granted most-favored-nation status to China, and also we will do that through a resolution of disapproval of the President's action. So if the resolution of disapproval does not pass the Congress then, of course, the President's actions will stand. If it would pass Congress by a majority vote but the President would veto, which you would assume that he would, then presumably unless there are votes to override--which means two-thirds majority--that the President's action would still stand.  So I think it is fair to assume that regardless of the annual exercise we go through, regardless of the motion of disapproval being approved, in the final analysis there will not be a two-thirds vote to override the President's actions. So China will have most-favored-nation status for another year.  I personally believe--and I support, of course--that the President's decision should and will be upheld. But there is a lot of sentiment against China on Capitol Hill, and recent developments in our relationship with China has not helped China's chances of success in fighting the motion of disapproval.  Most recently on trade issues in regard to China our United States Trade Representative announced sanctions against China to the tune of $2 billion. These sanctions will take effect on June 17 unless China comes into compliance with the bilateral agreement on intellectual property rights that was reached in 1995. In response to our own Government's announcement of sanctions against China, they in turn said that they would levy 100 percent tariffs on many U.S. exports. These include agricultural products such as cotton, beef, chicken, and vegetable oils.  So it appears that we could be on the verge of a trade war with one of our major agricultural export markets. I want to reflect on this issue by briefly discussing how we got into this position, and what it means for China's chances on MFN.  Mr. President, as you know, the Clinton administration's position on how to deal with China has never been very clear. In fact, I suppose you could put it in a class with a lot of other issues that the President has taken positions on in the past. He has changed his view on this one as well.  In addition, since he has been President, I can say he has had no long-term view on what a relationship with China ought to be. Some have said that the President seems to make policy according to the last person he has spoken to on a given day. That has been a very general comment about the President. But it is one, if you look at specific actions on China, that I think you can apply even more specifically to our China policy.  In 1992, when he was a Presidential candidate, Bill Clinton harshly criticized the Bush administration for being soft on human rights in China. Candidate Clinton vowed at that time to condition China's most-favored-nation status on--these are his words--``respect for human rights, political liberalization, and responsible international conduct.''  That is what the President said was wrong with President Bush's position on China.  Just 2 years later, President Clinton favored separating human rights from most-favored-nation status, and he favored that year granting China MFN status, as the Bush administration had done, and as the Reagan administration had done. And it even goes back beyond that.  While the President was changing his mind, there was not any evidence whatsoever that China had altered its behavior to satisfy President Clinton's very own standards that he had enunciated in 1992 on the issue of MFN. Recently the contradictions and rhetoric have become more pronounced, and the consequences even more important.  Our lack of a tough and clearly defined policy toward Beijing has created a new atmosphere in China. It is an atmosphere in which China decided that it can ignore its responsibilities to the world community.  So my question to you is this: Does this administration have credibility in dealing with China? I think that lack of credibility is part of the reason that we have problems not only with our government toward China but also within the United States of whether or not our policy toward China is right. This constant changing of policy does not send a very clear signal to the American people of the benefits of MFN, or the importance of continuing MFN for China. You see some of this in China's action--its attempt to intimidate Taiwan prior to its election through so-called military exercises. China has allegedly sold nuclear materials to Pakistan, but denies knowledge of doing so. Now it has blatantly violated its intellectual property rights agreement with the United States. Do you think that China would behave in this manner if they really took the President's rhetoric seriously? Our own United States Trade Representative has announced sanctions due to China's breach of the intellectual property rights agreement. I support these sanctions, and I have not found any opposition to these sanctions. The credibility of the United States and our ability to enforce future agreements would be very much on the line and questioned if we did not impose these sanctions. However, if we had had a more consistent policy toward China in the last few years, I think this situation on the intellectual property rights could have been avoided. Unfortunately, Congress will have to debate China's most-favored-nation status with its looming trade dispute as a backdrop. For many Members it will be difficult to go home and justify voting for MFN while China openly violates existing trade agreements. So I am afraid that the vote may be very close.  Mr. President, it is important to consider the implications of not extending most-favored-nation status at this time.  In 1995, United States exports to China totaled about $12 billion. Those exports would be jeopardized. Tariffs on products coming into the United States from China would also be raised significantly. This amounts to a tax, of course, on our American consumers, so American businesses and consumers will suffer.  The MFN debate is no ideological exercise. It affects business. It affects jobs for Americans. It affects consumer costs. So we are talking about pocketbook issues in dealing with MFN. There is at least one area that will suffer if MFN is revoked. It is of interest to my State of Iowa. That is agriculture. Those of us from agriculture States know how especially important this debate is. It is very important.  Is the Chair speaking of the 10-minute thing?  