 President, today we do remember what happened 1 year ago in Oklahoma City, a very horrible crime. People are concerned about crime in America. People expect the Congress of the United States to do something about crime. We have this week taken a giant step by passing the antiterrorism bill that the President says he will sign.  So I rise this morning to talk about crime as the Senator from Georgia indicated. The war on drugs has a lot to do with the whole subject of crime, but I also want to make some reference to the negative effect that this administration has had on the Federal courts.  I think it is fair to say that President Clinton's judicial appointments communicate the President's vision of the kind of America that the President would like to have. I do not share his soft-on-crime vision. I do not think most Americans do. Mr. President, you can say that you are putting all the cops on the streets all you want, but unless you appoint Federal judges who will enforce the law and protect victims over criminals, all the cops in the world will not make any difference.  In regard to the appointments that the President made, I read with amusement in this morning's Washington Post where Vice President Gore attempted to defend President Clinton's record on judicial nominations. I believe that the Vice President's efforts fall far short. For instance, one of his primary arguments is that this administration's nominees have enjoyed more support from the American Bar Association than the last three administrations. Mr. President, this just goes to show how out of touch the Vice President is with the American people and with even the President's own appointees.  President Clinton has a powerful ally in his judicial jihad to protect criminals, and that happens to be the American Bar Association, because somehow the ABA mysteriously and without input from the American people set itself up as the ultimate arbiter of who should or should not be a judge. The ABA happens to share the President's own frightening vision of criminals' rights over victims' rights.  We just passed a very fair and balanced antiterrorism bill in this body. That bill contained habeas corpus reform, badly needed, to permit prisoners just one bite at the apple and to limit that bite in order to stop frivolous and successive postconviction appeals that allowed people to stay on death row for 10 to 15 years. Vice President Gore uses the ABA as a mantle to say that the President's judges are ideal appointees. Yet the American Bar Association strongly opposes these necessary anticrime provisions that were in the antiterrorism bill.  Unfortunately, I believe that the current administration has then done a disservice to the American people by gathering liberal activists from every coffee house and every street corner in America and nominating them to some of the most important and influential Federal courts in America.  Few Americans would dispute and few in this body dispute the fact thatin the arena of criminal justice, the legacy of the Earl Warren Supreme Court of the 1960's and 1970's has been devastating. Violent criminals who have committed heinous, shocking crimes are routinely freed on bogus technicalities first invented during the Earl Warren period. We are still paying that price. These violent individuals go back out on the streets and commit even more crimes and victimizing more people.  Until the President came on to the scene, I thought that we had turned a corner on that sort of Warren Court thinking. I had thought there was a broad consensus that law enforcement should not have their hands tied by highly technical rules. I had thought that there was a broad consensus that serving time in prison for committing crimes should be punishment and not a blissful vacation at taxpayers' expense.  But, Mr. President, I was wrong. President Clinton has sent up a number of law professors and liberal activists to sit on the Federal bench and impose their preconceived, unrealistic ideas on the rest of America. Now, a simple fact of American Government: Bad judges are worse than even bad Presidents, because we can vote bad Presidents out of office, but we are stuck with bad judges for life. We cannot send them back to their coffee houses and street corners. To be honest, the Republican-controlled Senate has been somewhat to blame, as we trusted the President to do the right thing. But now with this record, Mr. President, I think it is time that we start giving judicial nominees the scrutiny that they obviously deserve.  We have been lax, in deference to the President. But that needs to end given his poor performance of nominating judges intent upon protecting criminals over victims' rights. Of course, we in the Senate have a right under the Constitution to comment on the direction the country is taking and how the courts have played a role in this. So the concept of the separation of powers remains untouched and intact and alive and well.  Take a good, hard look at some of the President's more notable judges. In the first circuit Judge Sandra Lynch overturned a life sentence imposed for a brutal murder. This is a pattern that we see over and over again--liberal, soft-on-crime, Clinton judges lending convicted felons a hand.  In the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, Judge Guido Calabresi dissented from an opinion which denied a prisoner the right to receive pornography in his jail cell. This is another theme with Clinton judges, making sure that prisoners have all the amenities that they want. The logic must be that prison should not be too uncomfortable or too difficult.  In the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, Judge H. Lee Sarokin has issued a few zingers. This judge has ruled that prisoners have a constitutional right to prevent prison officials from opening and inspecting mail. This judge has voted to overturn the death sentences of two murderers who brutally ended the lives of two elderly couples.  In the fourth circuit, Judge Blane Michael argued in a dissenting opinion that a criminal who had tried to murder a Federal prosecutor could not be found guilty under Federal statute prohibiting the mailing of a bomb to Federal officials because the bomb was poorly made and unlikely to actually explode. Mr. President, how could this judge have done any more to help that criminal?  In the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, District Judge Robert Parker ruled that it was unconstitutional for the police to search for hidden marijuana plants by using an infrared device. Mr. President, what more could drug dealers ask for to help them?  In the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals, Judge Rosemary Barkett wrote an opinion granting a hearing for a man who had been convicted of setting his former girlfriend's house on fire and killing her two children.  Lest anyone think that the President has seen the errors of his ways and will start putting more mainstream judges on the Federal bench, let us look at a nonconfirmed nominee to the eleventh circuit. At his recent judiciary confirmation hearing, Mr. Stack was asked what he thought of the applicable law of search and seizure law relative to the now infamous New York case in which Judge Baer initially suppressed evidence of millions of dollars worth of illegal drugs.  Mr. Stack was unable to cite even the most fundamental criminal law precedents. In fact, his only comment that he made was that he would ``applaud the use of all evidence * * * legally obtained in the courtroom'' but would not want to ``throw * * * away the constitutional guarantees that each of us in America is afforded.'' I do not believe this is a response worthy of a Federal circuit court nominee. This is unacceptable from a circuit court nominee who is supposed to have the necessary credentials and qualifications for appointment to the Federal bench.  Next to the Supreme Court, the Federal court of appeals is the most important court in the country. It appears as though Mr. Stack's qualifications for the eleventh circuit post has been based solely on raising $11 million for President Clinton's 1992 Presidential campaign and another $3.4 million for the National Democratic Committee, and not on Mr. Stack's legal capacity, his competence, or his temperament. If this does not a least give the appearance of buying a Federal court seat, I do not know what does.  In fact, Mr. Stack has little, if no experience, in criminal law or practice before the Federal courts. He has no substantive legal writings to speak of.  Further, Mr. Stack was surprisingly ignorant about recent developments in the law. Mr. Stack was comfortable telling the Senators at his confirmation hearing that he would seek guidance from other judges and the Federal Judicial Center if he was not knowledgeable about a particular area of law. So I look to him asking Judge Barkett, that what she can teach him and mold him about Mr. Stack's views of criminal law as a fierce defender of criminals--I think it is clear that the American people find this extremely disturbing.  In conclusion, with Clinton-appointed judges, I think a pattern has emerged. In those rare circumstances when Clinton judges believe that criminals should go to prison, they certainly want to make sure that prison is not too inconvenient. While Clinton judges write on and on about the rights of prisoners, they are silent about the rights of crime victims. That is why it is so important for the Senate to speak out to be the champions of the victims and not of the predators.  