 President, today I am introducing the America's Agricultural Heritage Partnership Act of 1996. This legislation would authorize the designation of several counties in northeast Iowa as America's Agricultural Heritage Partnership. This project is more commonly known as Silos and Smokestacks.  The story of agriculture in the United States is not only one of national progress and bounty, but is also a story of world progress and bounty. American agriculture is a national and a world treasure. It is a story that needs to be told. That is the silos part of Silos and Smokestacks. The smokestacks are the industrial base that supports our country's agriculture. The mission of America's Agricultural Heritage Partnership--Silos and Smokestacks--is to tell their combined story, through traditional exhibits and by designed routes through the countryside highlighting areas of importance and interest.  Community leaders in Waterloo, IA, the surrounding communities, and the rural area began meeting several years ago to determine how best to tell the agricultural story, especially how it relates to our country's great industrial history. Because of their interest, the National Park Service was then requested to conduct a study to develop recommendations as to the location of a heritage area and how to present the history.  That study recommended that northeast Iowa be the location for an agricultural heritage partnership area. Since that time, the communities have continued their work to lay a proper foundation for the project pending congressional authorization for Silos and Smokestacks.  Waterloo is located in the center of some of the richest, most productive agricultural land in the world. It is also home to John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers and other related agricultural industries. Waterloo is an ideal location to tell the combined story of American agriculture and the industry associated with it.  This legislation would authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to make grants or enter into cooperative agreements to further this project. He may also provide necessary technical assistance.  This is a worthwhile endeavor to tell an important American story to our citizens and the World. I strongly encourage enactment of this legislation.  