 President, I yield myself 10 minutes.  First of all, I accept Senator McCain's offer to work with him on this issue, because I am very impressed with the intent of his white paper and his first-hand knowledge of the military, being the military hero that he is and serving our country so well and being on the Armed Services Committee and his expertise in that area. So whether my amendment is adopted or not, I accept the offer to work with Senator McCain.  I would, first of all, like to respond to some specific points both Senator Thurmond and Senator McCain raised, but also to give an example from military persons themselves about whatneeds to be done about infrastructure costs and his frustration that infrastructure costs have not gone down.  First of all, on the legitimacy of questioning whether my amendment is going to hurt funding for command and control and for medical support, it will not, but it seems to me, without my saying it, common sense ought to dictate that a shrinking force structure and fewer military bases should reduce command and control and medical requirements.  My amendment would, in fact, just freeze; it would not reduce. It would reduce increases, yes, but there are no cuts that come as a result of my amendment. Increasing infrastructure costs are inconsistent with the philosophy behind the base closure process. My amendment would hold the Department of Defense infrastructure costs at $145 billion per year. Now, remember, this is, as we are, in a process of closing bases and reducing the number of personnel connected with defense.  It seems to me that the Department of Defense needs to address the critical shortfalls and allocate money to meet the highest priorities within the infrastructure accounts. At this point in the base closure process and at this point in the reduction of personnel, infrastructure should not be on the rise.  We need to make sure that we eliminate the excess infrastructure and that we save the money that Secretary Perry promised, not just for the sake of saving money, but Secretary Perry says that is money that we are going to use for modernization. If it goes to infrastructure costs, which are going up, it is not going to go for modernization.  It was also suggested that my amendment might harm training and readiness, but very specifically I want to address that issue. Subsection (C) of my amendment specifically protects key readiness accounts, including training and spare parts.  I now want to refer to some remarks that were made by Marine Maj. Gen. John Sheehan. He is the commander in chief of the U.S. Atlantic Command. I think he made some very pertinent remarks, a person in the military, a person in command who views how the taxpayers' dollars are being used every day. If you do not want to listen to a civilian's point of view, like the Senator from Iowa has a civilian point of view, it seems to me that we ought to pay some attention to those who are in the military, because General Sheehan offers some very real insight.  His insights were given at a June 6 breakfast hosted by the Association of the U.S. Army's Institute for Land Warfare. I have excerpts of his comments from a trade journal called Inside the Pentagon. It was in the June 13 issue, page 20.  In a nutshell, this is what General Sheehan said:       The overflow of staff organizations within the Department      of Defense consumes too many personnel and resources and puts      the force structure at risk.  That is a major general who said that.  Opponents of my amendment say it is going to put certain aspects, like readiness and training and command and control and medical treatment, in jeopardy. Here is a major general who says what we are doing now, if we maintain the status quo, is putting our force structure at risk. Of course, he is talking about the Department of Defense infrastructure. This is what General Sheehan had to say:       There is a debate that's being formed right now, where the      only sides in the debate are modernization versus force      structure. . .  He says:       My argument says we ought to take a very serious top-down      look at the overhead costs of doing business.  He asked:       Why do we have so many headquarters? Of what value are      they?  The general has identified one of the big drivers in infrastructure costs, and he has identified them as excess headquarters and excess commands. General Sheehan says:       We have too many excess headquarters and too many commands.  So he has put his finger on one of the root causes of the problem.  He pinpoints the problem, and I want to quote from his report. He says:       There are 199 DOD staff organizations of two-star level or      above, and the number has not changed since 1989.  I say, parenthetically, that is about the time the Berlin Wall came down.  His 1989 benchmark is important because the force has shrunk 30 to 40 percent since that time. So, headquarters should shrink as the force gets smaller, but headquarters are not shrinking.  As an example, he cited the U.S. Army in Europe with its 23 staff echelons to command only 65,000 soldiers. He also cited the U.S. Southern Command as another example of a top-heavy organization.  General Sheehan raised this provocative question:       Why is it, for example, that you have SOUTHCOM with 770      officers commanding less than 4,000 men?  Mr. President, I say to my colleagues, listen to what General Sheehan says:       Why is it that you have SOUTHCOM with 770 officers      commanding less than 4,000 people?  He goes on to say:       There are still 65 NATO headquarters with over 21,000 staff      officers sitting around doing paperwork. That's more staff      officers than two NATO nations have in land forces.  We have more people doing paperwork than two NATO nations have in their land forces.  So you have to ask yourself.  General Sheehan says--       . . . of $1.79 billion we invest in NATO on burdensharing,      why is $800 million of that just for infrastructure?  