  Before I speak in morning business, most of the time I only speak on agricultural issues as they relate to the Midwest--the cattle, the pork, the production of corn, production of soybeans, and some wheat. But I think a lot of things that could be said on that issue can be said on this bill as well.  Part of the problem that the Senators from the West are having comes from a lot of constituents who are legitimately expressing concern about the environment, legitimately expressing concern about the good management and a good economic return for the Federal Government on land that the taxpayers own, who do all this legitimately. But they forget, in the process, they are not appreciating what the consumer of America has in the way of production of food in America.  I think too often the 98 percent of the people in this country who are not producing food--remember, that is 2 percent of the people in this country producing the food that the other 98 percent eat, or another way to put it, one farmer in America will produce enough food not only for Americans but for people outside of America to feed another 124 people--the 98 percent do not really appreciate the fact that food grows on farms, it does not grow in supermarkets.  They are so used to going to the supermarket, getting anything they want anytime they want it and just pay for it. Every time you pay for it, you think you are paying for a very expensive item. But, in fact, food in the United States, not only being of the highest quality, is also a cheaper product in America than any other country in the world.  The consumers of America spend about 9 or 10 percent of their disposable income on food. Look at any other country, and the percentage is in the high teens and low twenties, and in some of the countries of Eastern Europe, it could be 40 percent of income spent just on food.  I know none of you is going to buy the argument when I say we are talking about subsidies for farmers. Just think of the subsidy that the consumers of America get from the efficient production of food in America that consumers in other places in the world do not get from production of food by their farmers.  I do not expect anybody to buy the argument that the farmers of America are subsidizing the food bill of consumers of America by 40 percent, but that is a fact, because we produce so efficiently, we produce such a high-quality product that it is just a little irksome for those of us who are involved in agriculture to sit around here and listen to this lack of appreciation of what the farmers do for the consumers of America, what 2 percent of the people do for the other 98 percent, what we not only do in the way of production of food and fiber, but what we do to create jobs in America, because whatever starts out at the natural resources of America, whether it be on the row-crop farms of the Midwest or the grazing lands of the West, the start of that product there, when you trace that product from the farm through the consumer of America, you are talking about a food and fiber chain that is 20 percent of the gross national product of America.  That is jobs for a lot of people other than the 2 percent of the people who are farmers. Quite frankly, a lot of income returned on labor is much greater than the return that the farmer gets for labor.  So you can go ahead in this debate over the next day or two and have all the fun you want to about doing what you think is right for the environment or what you think is right for a return on investment for the taxpayers who have money invested in public land and give the farmers of America a bad time. We probably have to take it because we are such a small segment of the population, but I would like to see, once in a while, an appreciation from the people in the Congress of the United States, not only this body but the other body as well, for the 2 percent of the people who provide a good product and a cheap product for the consumers of America.  Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for 7 minutes.  