 President, travellers see many different sights while boating down the mighty Mississippi River. One point of interest is found at the intersection of Iowa, Illinois, and Wisconsin where a large town emerges from the Iowa bluffs. Dubuque, named after the French Canadian fur trader and lead miner Julien Dubuque, not only boasts beautiful architecture and prominent landmarks, but it has the distinction of being Iowa's oldest settlement.  When the area now known as the city of Dubuque opened to settlers in June 1833, many miners were primarily attracted to this land because of lead. This resource promised great wealth. In fact, the Shot Tower still stands today as a tribute to those who produced lead shot that was used during the Civil War era.  Not only did the mining of lead help build Dubuque, but the location on the Mississippi River played an important role in its economic development. For instance, wood was transferred downstream from the northern forests to Dubuque where it was milled into lumber. Steamboats brought settlers to Dubuque who loaded up with supplies and equipment before venturing further West.  Moreover, the Third Street Ice Harbor holds a strong link between Dubuque and the Mississippi. Constructed in the mid 1800's, the Ice Harbor originally served as a winter haven for steamboats. It also housed the Dubuque Boat and Boiler Works which, for many years, was ranked as the largest inland boat building center in the Nation. Now, the Ice Harbor is a place of recreation with many museums and other added attractions. The museums located on and around the banks of the Mississippi, remind us of Dubuque's significant relationship with the river.  A historical center of trade and commerce, Dubuque continues to thrive in today's competitive market. In a performance report released from the International Trade Administration, Dubuque ranks No. 1 in the North Central Region with the greatest percentage change in metro area exports between 1993 and 1994. With an almost 91 percent jump, Dubuque nationally ranks No. 2 in growth behind the tri-city area of Biloxi, Gulfport, and Pascagoula, Mississippi.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Department of Commerce charts ranking Dubuque's export growth be printed in the Record following my remarks.  