 President, the bill before us, S. 1887, entitled ``The Federal Courts Improvement Act of 1996'' is sponsored by myself, along with Senator Hatch and Senator Heflin. A first version of the bill, S.1101, was introduced in August 1995 at the request of the Judicial Conference.  In October of last year, we held a comprehensive hearing on that bill in the Judiciary Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts, which I chair, at which both judges and lawyers testified at length on the substance of many of S.1101's provisions. The present bill was crafted after many months of detailed discussions and intense collaboration between myself, Senators Hatch and Heflin, and the Administrative Office of the United States Courts. More importantly, we have worked closely with the other members of the Judiciary Committee to address their concerns and include their suggestions, making this truly a bi-partisan bill.  At the onset, I would like to elaborate on the spirit in which this bill was crafted. I am sure my colleagues are well aware, many of my efforts have focused on saving the federal government's sparse resources and making the most of taxpayer dollars. As Chairman of the Judiciary Subcommittee with jurisdiction over the courts, I am also concerned that the federal judicial system be administered in the most efficient and cost-effective manner possible, while maintaining a high level of quality in the administration of justice. In fact, I sent out a judicial questionnaire earlier this year requesting assistance from individual judges on their ideas and views of the needs of the federal judiciary. I hope some of you have had the opportunity to review my Subcommittee's two reports on this survey, which were released this year. I found it enlightening to communicate with the individual judges, and hope that these lines of candid and constructive communication with the individual judges and the Administrative Office remain open and continue to produce beneficial results in terms of efficiency, cost savings and other improvements within the federal judiciary.  In drafting the Federal Courts Improvement bill, we worked closely with the Administrative Office to assess and address the needs of the federal judiciary. As a result, the bill contains both technical and substantive changes in the law, many of which were carried over from previous Congresses and/or originally proposed in S.1101. During our working sessions on the bill, some of the provisions in S.1101, such as the sections dealing with federal defender services matters, were determined to warrant further inquiry or additional hearings. Other provisions were dropped to help process the bill more smoothly through the House since the session is coming to a close in a day or two.  On the whole, the bill is broad-reaching, and contains provisions concerning judicial process improvements; judiciary personnel administration, benefits and protections; judicial financial administration; Federal Courts Study Committee recommendations; and other miscellaneous issues. Almost all of the provisions have been formally endorsed by the Judicial Conference, the governing body of the Federal courts.  Many provisions contained in this bill streamline the operation of the Federal court system. A good example of our attempt to render the judiciary more efficient is a provision which abolishes a special tribunal with narrow jurisdiction, the Special Court, which the Regional Rail Reorganization Act of 1973, established in the early 1970's to oversee the reorganization of insolvent railroads. The work of this court is basically concluded, with the court's docket containing 10 largely inactive cases. This section transfers the Special Court's jurisdiction over those cases and any future rail reorganization proceedings to the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, where the court's records and a majority of its judges are currently located, and makes other technical and conforming changes incidental to the court's abolition. The elimination of this court will produce budgetary and administrative economies and, according to the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, result in an annual cost savings of approximately $175,000.  The bill simplifies the appeal route in civil cases decided by magistrate judges with consent by confining appeals of judgments in such cases to the court of appeals and eliminating an alternative route of appeal to the district judge. A single forum of appeal in civil consent cases simplifies court procedures and recognizes the existing practice in most districts. The Judicial Conference recommended such action in the Long Range Plan for the Federal Courts. Also, this section would not alter the role of magistrate judges as adjuncts to article III courts since district judges would still control the referral of consent cases to magistrate judges.  We also change the reappointment procedure for incumbent bankruptcyjudges. Rather than requiring the judicial council for a circuit or a merit selection panel to undergo a lengthy and time-consuming screening process, this section streamlines the reappointment process for judges whose performance has previously been reviewed. In this manner, the section eliminates unnecessary expenditures of time and money.  Additional sections facilitate judicial operations. One of these provisions authorize magistrate judges temporarily assigned to another judicial district because of an emergency to dispose of civil cases with the consent of the parties. Another section that deputy clerks may act whenever the clerk is unable to perform official duties for any reason, and permits the court to designate an acting clerk of court, when it is expected that the clerk will be unavailable or the office of clerk will be vacant for a prolonged period.  We also require an annual report by the Administrative Office of the United States Courts on the number and nature of orders relating to judicial misconduct or disability under section 332 of title 28 of the United States Code. This reporting requirement was recommended by the Report of the National Commission on Judicial Discipline and Removal of August 1993, which found that reliable information concerning council orders was difficult to obtain.  In conclusion, this bill is the result of careful consideration by members of the Judiciary Committee, in close collaboration with the Administrative Office, who have all worked long and hard in attempting to produce a strong, bi-partisan piece of legislation. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill. When the Judiciary Committee voted the Federal Courts Improvement Act out of committee it was with an amendment offered by Senator Kohl dealing with the use of secrecy orders in Federal courts. The version of the act that we are passing today does not include that particular provision because Senator Kohl has generously agreed to an amendment that will remove it. Senator Kohl and I stand on opposite sides of the merits of his amendment, but I appreciate his commitment to the provision and his willingness to allow us to pass S. 1887 without it.  