 President, the Clinton administration has set new standards for protecting wrongdoers at the expense of victims.  We have seen the administration advance this culture in the criminal justice system. I've spoken to this point in the past on this floor.  But we have also seen the White House practice it in its own backyard. I am talking about the issue of Travelgate. An issue in which the victims of wrongdoing in the White House were charged by the wrongdoers with a crime.  Billy Dale and the other fired Travel Office workers were dedicated public servants. They had served in the Armed Forces prior to serving at the pleasure of numerous Presidents, dating back to John F. Kennedy. Their entire careers were dedicated to serving the American people, with honor and dignity.  One day, without the slightest heads-up, the seven were summarily fired. Without a reason. Certainly not a justifiable one. Those who were there were carted off in the back of an empty van. They were treated like vermin. Others heard they were fired by listening on the news.  It was certainly not the kindest and gentlest moment in the tradition of the White House.  At the time, these seven workers had no clue what was going on or why. It was only later that we discovered all the reasons.  The first was cronyism. A rich, Hollywood buddy of the President wanted the business. That would be Hollywood producer Harry Thomasson. To get the business, he had to give Billy Dale the business. And that he did. He spread unproven and false rumors about those running the Travel Office.  The second issue was White House paranoia. They must have thought there was a conspiracy of all the dedicated career public servants. They were all out to get the White House. The paranoids needed a pretext to get these workers out, and get their own teamplayers in.  That let to a marriage of convenience. The paranoids could get rid of the career workers. They could bring in their own teamplayers to replace them. And, the cronies would get the business. What a convenient confluence of interests.  And so, the Hollywood producer, Mr. Thomasson, held the gun; the First Lady, according to available documentation, said ``ready, aim, fire!''; and the White House staff pulled the trigger.  Having thought this was the perfect crime, the perpetrators didn't expect to get caught. At first, they denied wrongdoing--just like the proverbial kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar.  Public and press criticism mounted. So the White House tried justifying its actions.  First, they said the Travel Office workers were replaced as part of adownsizing effort under the National Performance Review. But it became clear the NPR review came after the decision was made to fire them.  So the White House spinmeisters changed gears. They turned the victims into criminals. They did so by publicly charging the seven with the very same unfounded rumors that Harry Thomasson used to get them fired.  So not only did Billy Dale and his coworkers lose their jobs. They and their families were subjected to a public smear campaign by White House zealots trying to save face.  In trying to save face, these zealots co-opted the FBI, the IRS, and the Justice Department into pursuing Billy Dale. They pursued him with more vengeance than the Dallas Cowboys' doomsday defense.  But a jury would have none of it. Following his trial, a jury took only 2 hours to return an acquittal. It recognized the trumped-up charges brought by the Justice Department.  The net effect of all this harassment took a real toll--not only on the seven employees, but their families as well.  Their reputations, their dignity, and their psychological well-being--all have suffered at the hands of irresponsible zealots in the White House.  This is a White House that, to this day, refuses to accept responsibility for its wrongdoing.  No one takes responsibility for their firing.  There is only finger pointing.  Passing the buck.  And the harassment continues. Now, it is legislative harassment.  We have before us a provision in this bill to make Billy Dale economically whole, at least for his legal expenses.  But the White House has fanned out its lieutenants to sabotage this provision.  Their objective: Kill the provision to spare the President the embarrassment of signing it.  That is what this is all about. It's politics, getting in the way of a right-and-wrong issue.  Political barriers to correcting a wrong will not stand, Mr. President.  Ultimately, public opinion will weight in against the Democrats and the White House on this issue.  All the harassment strategies to save the President from embarrassment will only make the embarrassment worse.  It is inevitable.  There is a moral to this story, Mr. President.  Nothing is politically right which is morally wrong.  That's the issue here, Mr. President.  The Travelgate bill we're considering is all about Congress taking the initiative to right a wrong.  And those trying to block it are conspiring against the President taking responsibility for his mistakes.  I would urge my colleagues on the other side to save the President any more embarrassment.  Stop the legislative shenanigans.  Work with us to do what little we can to repair what was unjustly done to Billy Dale and the other dedicated servants of the people.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to reject the amendment to strike the reimbursement for Mr. Dale.  