 President, but for the strength, determination and leadership of the Republicans in the Congress--and I am referring to this and past Congresses--we would not today have a better budget situation or have an article like the one which was printed in the Wall Street Journal this morning.  But for the economic wisdom of the Federal Reserve and the steady guiding hand of its chairman, Alan Greenspan, we would not today have the economic footing that we need to be closer to a balanced budget than we have been in recent years.  There are two facts of economic life. One is that Republicans have been more steadfast and committed to balancing the budget than has the President. I remind my colleagues of the vetoes he issued on our attempts to balance the budget last year. But for our steadfastness and commitment to this goal, but for Republican leadership, this President would be no where near to working on a balanced budget.  The second is a fact that this Senator addressed during Chairman Greenspan's confirmation. The Federal Reserve has played, and continues to play, a crucial role in stabilizing the economy and maintaining investor confidence in the face of big spending Congresses. This confidence has lead to increased participation by some Americans in the stock market. This increased capital investment is what has led to new jobs, and expansion.  The President has raised taxes, though. The Clinton tax increases have taken away from all Americans' ability to take care of their families. The Clinton tax increases have decreased the amount of money which mothers and fathers have to buy necessities for their children. This is wrong.  Several of my colleagues have very accurately described the reality of the so-called Clinton economic growth rate. I wish to associate myself with their remarks. The charts which they have shown the Senate depict an economy which is not growing as fast as past economic expansions. In fact one of the charts show that this is the weakest economy in 100 years.  Another of the charts clearly shows what has happened to real medium household income. It has decreased. As the Senator from Florida pointed out, real medium household income in the years between 1983-1992 was $33,119. During the Clinton years of 1993-1994 real median household income dropped to $32,153.  No wonder American workers are concerned about their future. This drop in income hurts hard working Americans.  Let us continue to reform Government programs, as we are with this welfare reform legislation. And let us continue our efforts in Congress to balance the budget. This is true economic stimulation. This will lead to real economic growth. This will put more money into the pockets of Americans.  Mr. D'AMATO. Mr. President, I yield 5 minutes to the Senator from Texas.  