 President, I think it has been very clearly noted that the essence of this amendment is: If you care about kids and the problems that they are having with drugs, the best place to fight that effort is before drugs ever get into this country--keeping the drugs out.  I strongly support the amendment to restore funding to the International Narcotics Control budget. In the last several years, beginning in 1993, that budget has been severely cut. Virtually without discussion the INL budget lost almost 30 percent of its funding in 1993. Funding in the last several years has been below the levels in the Bush administration. These cuts were in keeping with the downgrading of drug efforts by the Clinton administration. At the time, the administration did virtually nothing to support its own international counter-narcotics programs in Congress. Although Congress restored some of that funding last year, we still need to close the gap to ensure our international programs are adequately supported. This year I also note a surprising invisibility on the part of the administration to promote funding for its own programs.  As the task force report on National Drug Strategy notes, our overall drug effort needs to be sustained and it needs to be consistent. The administration, however, has done little to sustain its own programs. And there has not been much consistency. We must try to change this.  I am also aware that some members here feel that international programs do not do much to address the problem. To them I would say that responding to the drug problem in this country is a team effort. No single program is the magic solution to success. The problem is multi-dimensional. Our solutions must also be broad and multi-disciplinary. We cannot expect the small amounts of money, compared to the total, that we spend on international efforts to be the sole star of the show. INL programs are a part of the team and we must ensure that it is not the weakest member.  I hope that you will join me in voting for this amendment.  I yield the floor.  