 President, during wartime, in an area where there is military conflict between the United States and an opponent, there are legitimate war bonuses paid to people in the military for serving under more severe conditions, and there are also war bonuses paid to our seafarers for serving under those same conditions. The only problem is that there is a great inequity between what the seafarers get as a bonus and what our regular military gets paid. The purpose of this amendment is to make sure that those bonuses are the same.  So my amendment, which is about to be voted on at 10 o'clock, represents common sense. What people don't like about Washington is they see their money being wasted because we don'tuse commonsense approaches to governing and spending the taxpayers' money--the same commonsense way that the average family and small business has to use to live within their income and balance their budgets.  Why should taxpayers be saddled with war bonuses for seafarers, which evidence shows can be 50 times as high as those war bonuses that we give the men and women in the Reserve or the regular military? One Persian Gulf seafarer got a bonus of $15,700 for 2 months. The regular military would get, during that same period of time, a 2-month war bonus of $300--$300 as compared to $15,700.  The argument was made last night that the taxpayers don't end up paying these war bonuses. Well, the taxpayers do end up paying. The argument was made last night that, well, our Treasury was reimbursed by a lot of nations around the world for our efforts in Kuwait. That is true, we were. I was part of the effort to make that happen. But we don't conduct war, or at least we should not be conducting war, to make a profit.  At any time in the future when our military ends up paying these bonuses, the taxpayers are going to be paying them. But this is not just a taxpayer issue. This is an issue of equity between seafarers and our full-time military people.  My colleagues have received letters from a number of taxpayers and public-interest organizations, representing hundreds of thousands of Americans, who adamantly oppose this legislation that is before us. Three of them have expressed support for my amendments, for instance, Citizens Against Government Waste will key vote my amendment. The National Taxpayers Union will weight it heavily in their annual voting analysis. And Citizens for a Sound Economy strongly supports this amendment as well.  Furthermore, this war bonus amendment is supported by a number of retired admirals--admirals, I might add, whose good names were lent to the American Security Council letter in support of this bill, and who now support my pro-taxpayer, pro-defense amendments.  Taxpayers do end up paying for seafarers' war bonuses. as well as the incredibly high salaries and benefits they receive year in and year out.  This is so because we in Congress have allowed an unaccountable payment system to the U.S.-flag carriers that allow them to pass on to Uncle Sam virtually all of their costs plus a hefty profit for any business they do for the Government.  Mr. President, collective bargaining is great when Congress allows us to have an open checking account to the United States Treasury to cover salaries, benefits, and war bonuses.  This chart includes the salaries, benefits, and overtime of seafarers that this bill will subsidize--$310,915 per month, and most of this paid for by taxpayers. Seafarers get these generous benefits from taxpayers year in and year out, and then, if they do someday deliver goods into a war zone, they can get a war bonus.  Take a look at this category called ``able-bodied seaman.'' His base pay is $12,192 per month. His war bonus for a month could therefore, be $12,192 and he could get an extra $600 per day if his vessel is actually shot at.  My amendment was characterized last night, and I quote as ``demeaning, unfair, and insulting to seafarers.'' There is no way that you can see it that way. What this amendment tries to do is to seek fairness to our men and women in the regular military, but most importantly accountability for the American taxpayer.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  