 President, particularly since there are on the floor people who are very interested in the military of the United States, I want to speak to an issue that should have been discussed 2 days ago during the Interior Department appropriations bill. But the Interior Department will still be up next week when it is put back up on the calendar, or in parts of the continuing resolution, and so I alert my friends to a trend in military history that is very disturbing to me as it relates to the Smithsonian Institution.  Upon debating the Interior Department's funding, this is as good time as any to voice concern over the interpretations of American history at the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History. Apparently, military history has assumed a minor role in the museum's depiction of this Nation's history. The exhibit space allocated to the display of military items has slowly decreased. A large percentage of that which is currently on display remains in the cases in which they were installed for the opening of the museum over 30 years ago. Further inquiry has led me to believe that what remains of the Armed Forces' history hall is in jeopardy.  The administrators of this museum appear to be swayed by the ideology of revisionist/liberal historians. They desire to decrease even further the exhibit space devoted to U.S. military history. This is reflective of their adherence to the concept of new history as opposed to the traditional approach, which emphasizes important people, events, and movements.  History has typically been organized into areas of concentration, such as military, diplomatic, political, and economic history. But a museum devoted to a new history would, instead, reflect cultural, social, gender, ethnic, and community concentrations. Obviously, a conventional exhibit depicting our Nation's military history would not fit into this theme. This approach, in itself, is not inherently bad. But dominance of this new history to the detriment of a conventional representative display of military history is disturbing.  This overemphasis on common people and the infrastructure of their community tends to then decrease the importance of meaningful events and significant people, which have played pivotal roles throughout the history of our Nation.  Military history is, therefore, overlooked because it is a conglomeration of momentous events and distinguished soldiers. What is neglected by these historians is the detail that, throughout the history of the Armed Forces, we witnessed common people leaving the security of their communities and performing extraordinary, consequential feats in the scheme of military affairs.  This ideology is reflective of that which is popular in many liberal and academic circles. Military history is deemed evil in that it involves death and weaponry. As a result, the great impact the military has had on every American is disregarded.  Since the habitation of this country by Europeans in the 16th century, the militia and its leaders have played a prominent role. This is true not only in the defense of their people but in society as well. Weapons were an important tool of the early settlers in the defending of their families from hostile native Americans. They were important also in the task of putting food on the table. Not only has the military continually defended the Nation, but it has assisted in the exploration and opening of the frontiers to settlers.  Military contractors and arsenals played an important role in developing interchangeable parts, standardization, and mass production. In more recent years, it has played important roles in developing new technologies that we use every day, such as computers, new communication techniques, et cetera. The military has touched many facets of our lives, and this history is not exhibited in any museum.  There are various Naval, Army, Marine Corps and Air Force museums scattered across the country. But they only concentrate on the history of their particular service, not on the entirety of the U.S. Armed Forces. The National Museum of American History holds the best collection of American military artifacts, and it has the capability to recount the whole story of the armed services. What better place to develop a comprehensive exhibit of our Nation's military service and its history than on The Mall at Washington, DC.  Our Nation's military history is special. It is unique from other modes of history, such as social, cultural, political, or economic. It involves the ultimate sacrifice of one's life for his or her country. These sacrifices were incurred in the hope of a better future for generations of Americans to come.  In this sense, an exhibit devoted to our Armed Forces is not only an educational tool. More important, it is a memorial to those who risked their lives, and those who ultimately gave their lives for our freedom. The military has also touched many American families throughout our history. Millions of men and women have answered the Nation's call to duty, both as soldiers and citizens in support of war efforts. Having such a great impact on our society, a museum of American history should not slight exhibit space devoted to the Armed Forces.  In decreasing the importance of military history at the museum, we are losing a significant segment of our proud history. Storage rooms are stocked with artifacts belonging to American military heroes, many of them used during important military engagements. These artifacts bring to our Nation's Capital a little excitement and drama from the battlefields of Saratoga, the naval battles on Lake Champlain, the many fields of our Nation's Civil War, distant fields of Verdun, Normandy, Korea, Vietnam, and the gulf war. Many artifacts link us tosignificant individuals throughout the span of our history: Gen. George Washington, Gen. Andrew Jackson, Gen. Ulysses S. Grant, Gen. John J. Pershing, and Gen. Dwight Eisenhower, to name only a few.  To ignore these military events and these personalities makes meaningless their struggles and the struggles of the people of this Nation who enlisted their assistance to the military. That is true whether it was service in the Armed Forces or in the support of them.  Now, if things go as planned, I fear that many of these items will be hidden from the American public despite the results of a recent visitors survey. In this survey taken at the National Museum of History, it became evident that the Armed Forces' history hall was the second most popular exhibit area in the museum. Therefore, speaking on behalf of most Americans, I urge the museum to reconsider its plan for the military history hall.  We should look at this museum, responding to the needs of the American people. If this survey shows that this is the second most popular exhibit in the museum, we should not have some revisionist at the Smithsonian Institution taking away what the American people like and enjoy and depriving American people of understanding and visualizing the sacrifice of American service men and women who do sacrifice with lives, with injuries, with time away from family for the defense of freedom, so that not only can the American people enjoy freedom, but the revisionist historians still have the intellectual environment in which they can do their work. But they ought to show more appreciation of that sacrifice, and I think the plans for this military history museum detract from that.  I yield the floor.  