 President, the Senator from Texas just gave a very good explanation of what was in the bill that the President vetoed. I think it is a good exercise once in a while to remind ourselves and the public--because the public is cynical about whether or not we ever kept our commitments of the last 15 years to pass a balanced budget--that we passed a bill, a 1,800-page bill. This balanced budget legislation was the product of 8 months of work by 13 different committees in this body to balance the budget; not only balance the budget but to help lower mortgage interest rates down by $2,300 a year, student loan interest rates by $603 a year, and interest rates on a car loan by $150 a year. You can go on and on about the benefits of balancing the budget by reducing the interest rates by 2 percent, according to Greenspan, but Congress also offered all of the things that the Senator from Texas referred to--IRA's for homemakers, expanding IRA's for everybody, a $1,000 tax cut for a family of four, and estate tax reductions, and welfare reform that turns welfare over from the Federal bureaucracy to the States to administer because the States are doing a better job of it than we are in Washington, saving the taxpayers $58 billion, and saving Medicare from bankruptcy in 6 years. Medicare is going to be bankrupt in 6 years. We knew that a year ago. That is why we addressed the issue in this bill. This is the bill that President Clinton vetoed. It has been referred to by Senator Nickles and Senator Hutchison. I think we ought to think of this as a document that people do not think we passed because the President is on TV saying he is for balancing the budget and making some citizens ask: Where are the Republicans?  Well, where was the President last year when we were balancing the budget? Now, I will tell you that he was passing the buck. We do not want to pass the buck. We just want to get down and get the job done again.  Part of the issue that we are dealing with today, as everybody has been hearing, is that we are recognizing tomorrow as national tax freedom day. It is a sad commentary that we are to May 7 before people are done paying their taxes and can start working for themselves and their families. But also it is beneficial to remind people that this is a day when they can start working for themselves, if they are average Americans, because I think most people feel that Congress is so irresponsible that average Americans never get done paying taxes. But we have tax freedom day to bring people's attention to the fact that an annual point arrives where our people stop toiling away to fund big Government and begin toiling away to fund their families and their ways of life.  I am happy to say that in my State of Iowa, our citizens are slight winners in this year's tax freedom day lottery. For the people of my State, tax freedom day was Saturday, May 4, instead of tomorrow, May 7. As you can imagine, the people in my State find this 3-day victory to be somewhat shallow in comparison to what others, including the Federal Government, expect of them. The fact that we have 3 days more of tax freedom than most people, I suppose, is a tribute to Iowa officials being more fiscally responsible on State and local spending than we are at the Federal level as opposed to other States. For Iowans, it took 125 days this year, including weekends, to make it to this mock Federal holiday. For the first 18 weeks of 1996, working Iowans gave up their hard-earned money to fund Federal, State and local coffers. Finally, on May 4, Iowans began to keep what they might earn for the remainder of 1996. They only now begin to work to pay for the things that they must to do and what their families want to do and what they have a responsibility to do.  If you remember back to the 1992 Presidential campaign, Vice President Gore traveled the country giving his now famous economic speech in which he said:       Everything that should be up is down, and everything that      should be down is up.  I think this theme can also be applied to President Clinton's budgetary policy.  Common sense tells us that when things go up, something else comes down. So when the Government's budget for spending grows, obviously, the family budget shrinks. Another way to describe this bloated economic policy is by means of the Washington tax-and-spend syndrome. Some folks in Washington fail to understand that most Americans are not satisfied with the way their tax dollars are spent. Again, I should like to remind my tax-and-spend colleagues that money does not grow on trees.  Unlike the retail and service sectors of our private economy, the dissatisfied taxpayer, in dealing with the Federal Government, cannot demand a Government refund for poor services rendered. Many Americans feel shortchanged for helping to support programs that they do not believe in or use. When it comes to spending money on families, the choice should belong to taxpayers, not to the Federal bureaucrats.  Washington deficit spending is the public's greatest outrage of all. Taxpayers want to know why the Federal Government has spent more money than it has collected for each of the last 27 years. Ending this trend of 27 years of spending more than we take in is what balancing the budget last year was all about--the budget that the President vetoed. Because unlike the Federal Government, working families live on limited budgets and balance a checkbook. Not the Federal Government. But those same working families expect the same of Uncle Sam, to balance the checkbook and to be in the business of life and operating profitably.  Because Iowans are economically conservative by nature, most of my citizens are outraged by the fact that Washington cannot get its fiscal house in order. The willingness to pay their share of Government services becomes harder to swallow when wasteful and inefficient Government programs continue to expand.  I should like to give you an example that I had something to do with bringing to the public's attention last year. Consider the estimated $200,000 expense for a flight from Naples, Italy, to Colorado Springs, CO, U.S.A., last year by an Air Force general. About 36 taxpaying families in Iowa worked all of last year just to pay for General Ashy, an aide, and his cat to jet nonstop across the Atlantic with two inflight refuelings. He could have taken a commercial airline flight for $1,500.  This disconnect between elected officials and the public will continue to widen if Washington clings to the fiscally irresponsible status quo. Last fall, Republicans made many tough decisions in order to pass the first Balanced Budget Act since 1969.  And again, I do not think we can hold this up too often to say, ``Here it is. We passed it.'' One person stands in the way of this being law or not, and that is the President of the United States, Bill Clinton, because he vetoed it.  When the smoke from last year's budget battle cleared, it was obvious that no one won. We passed it, but we did not win. The President vetoed it, and you might say he won the public relations battle because he is on television having everybody believe that he thought of the balanced budget. It was 6 months past the last election when we won an election on a promise to balance the budget that the President said, ``Well, I am for a balanced budget, but we will do it in 10 years.'' It has only been since January 13 that he came around to doing it in 7 years as we are doing it with this legislation that he vetoed.  The President still leaves about 87 percent of his expenditures to be made in the years 2000, 2001, and 2002. That is a long way off and is difficult to plan for.  The American people do not have a balanced budget, so I still have to say even though we passed it, the public has not won yet. In fact, they are losing every day that we do not balance it for next year. More importantly, faith in Government suffers yet another setback.  As the Senator from Texas said, we have to work to restore the $500-per-child tax credit. In addition, we are going to repeal Clinton's 1993 gas tax, and we are going to do that because the President ran on a platform in 1992 in which he stated so often that an increase in the gas tax is sticking it to the low- and middle-income working people of America and the retirees. The President said that he is not for doingthat, and yet he did it within 6 months. We voted against it, so obviously we are still sticking by our convictions not to be for the President's gas tax increase because it is regressive. We have a chance now with high gasoline prices to make the point and to repeal something the President said in 1992 he was not going to do anyway. So that is why we are doing it. But we are also in the process of trying to free working poor and middle-income families from excessive tax burdens.  So Iowans, the people of my State, marked tax freedom day on May 4, 1996, and the rest of the country tomorrow, May 7.  During this period, and especially today, I believe it is the duty of the President to agree with Congress to cut spending and to provide tax relief so that Iowans, and their friends in every other State in the Union, can commemorate this day earlier next year.  I yield the floor.  