 President, first of all, we have been hearing from a lot of very competent Senators who are members of Defense Appropriations, who are members of the Senate Armed Services Committee, who have the responsibility to make sure that we meet our defense needs.  I compliment them for doing that. We have people on the Armed Services Committee who are using budget arguments rather than national security arguments. I think if they want more money for defense, they have to be able to justify it on national security grounds. While I have these good friends of mine who are members of this committee saying why we ought to spend more, one of the reasons I feel very good about having Senator Exon as a cosponsor of my amendment is because he brings good judgment to this issue because he sits both as a senior member of the Senate Armed Services Committee and he is also the senior Democrat on the Budget Committee. So I believe that Senator Exon as well has a point of view that he can bring to this, and I thank him for doing that, but I hope that my colleagues on this side of the aisle who oppose what I am doing know that we have taken both the national security argument and the budget argument into consideration.  Senator Stevens has suggested that the defense budget should not be defined and sized to the threat as we know it today. There may be some unknown threat out there, I would have to admit, but we do not know about it. But that is not how it is done. We always determine the size of the budget by the threat that we see today and in the future. What we see is a dramatic decrease in the threat, so why should the budget go up? The budget should not go up. That is why I have my amendment here.  I say to my good friend from New Mexico, the remarks that he made in the opening of the debate against my amendment are macrobudget arguments, not national security arguments. The fact is the Soviet threat is history. In constant dollars, we are still very close to the cold war spending average. What is more, this budget is not based on a valid national security strategy. It is based on an outdated strategy. It is a cold war strategy.  Furthermore, history shows more money does not mean defense if reforms are not made. And they have not been made despite the promises. The Secretary of Defense has said modernization would be paid for through reform savings. That would take care of the concerns of the Senator from New Mexico. But we have not seen the savings. The responsible way is to force the savings to occur so we will have the money for modernization. Otherwise, we are just throwing good money after bad.  When will we learn, I ask my colleagues, that it is not the proper way to do things, that it just encourages more abuse of the taxpayers' dollars. I guess I would beg my colleagues, particularly those on this side of the aisle, to consider the same sort of intense look at spending that you do when you look at domestic programs. You always want to make the other side of the aisle understand that throwing money at a problem does not solve the problem. We tell them, the liberals of this body, that it is how you spend the money, not how much you spend.  When are we going to learn that that same principle which fiscal conservatives use against the liberals of this town on domestic social programs also applies to the defense budget?  Those arguments that are made by my colleagues are more budget arguments than they are national security arguments, and I think that is why they miss the point. Many of my colleagues then want to keep pumping up the defense budget. I say it makes no sense at all. Not only does it make no sense; it defies reason. It defies understanding.  Threats to our national security, that is the engine that is supposed to drive the defense budget, but in this debate we do not see it driving. It is strictly a budget argument: More dollars are going to accomplish more defense. Not so. That point was brought home nicely in Colin Powell's book, ``My American Journey.'' This is what General Powell said he learned during a tour of duty with the National Security Council, and I quote from page 340:       Overarching all other concerns was our relationship with      the Soviet Union. Our defense strategy and budget were almost      wholly a reflection of Soviet capabilities and intentions as      we read them. The size and the state of the Red Army were the      measures against which we built our forces.  So for Senator Cohen, who raised the question of, do we know about the Soviet threat, well, Colin Powell says we know about that threat. We made our judgments based on that threat. That is the word from the last Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  The military power of the Soviet Union was a principal driver behind our defense budget. Well, the Soviet Union is history. Russia might not be history, but things are changing there. The threat is gone. We all agree the cold war is over. Using General Powell's ruler as a guide, the defense budget should be coming down, not going up. When the Soviet Union went down, our defense budget should have come down.  Now, I know we still live in a dangerous, unstable world. I admit that. I know we have vital interests overseas that we want to be able to give direction to, and the military is one way of doing that. I suppose I have to realize the live fire maneuvers of Communist China over the Taiwan Strait is aharsh reminder of that. We need a strong defense. We can have a strong defense, but that defense has to be defined within the concept of our budget needs. It has to be defined in a way that is attainable. It is different now than it was before the fall of the Soviet Union. I think President Clinton is providing one.  For those of you who have some doubt, I have given you the benefit of that doubt. In fact, the numbers in this amendment are dictated through our cooperation with Senator Exon because, sitting on the committee, he felt that there should be maybe some leeway. I am willing to give that leeway based upon the judgment of a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee.  President Clinton has the defense budget on the right track. He has it on the right glidepath. A smaller threat requires a smaller defense budget. President Clinton's $254.3 billion request for fiscal year 1997 reflects that change in threat. His budget addresses our real defense needs in the post cold war. There is just one problem, though, with his budget. The bureaucratic machine at the Pentagon is still running on cold war inertia. Pentagon bureaucrats are trying to craft a cold war program with a post-cold-war budget. That is going to lead us to trouble. It is going to lead us to another hollow force like we had in the 1970's. The cold war warriors will have to rob the readiness account to pay for all their cold war programs. They have to rob the readiness account because the cold war programs are all underfunded. They are all underfunded because their outrageous price tags cannot be justified without a Soviet threat.  I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Thompson). Who yields time?  