 President, since 1882 Federal law has provided that probability of becoming a public charge is ground for immigrants' exclusion from the United States. Additionally, becoming a public charge which a noncitizen is currently a deportable offense.  According to the Census Bureau, there were 23 million foreign-born persons in the United States in 1994, representing 9 percent of the population. That is the highest level in the last 50 years.  Aliens over 65 are 5 times more likely to be on SSI than citizens over 65, making the program a retirement plan for elderly noncitizens. SSI applications by noncitizens grew 370 percent from 1982 to 1992 versus 39 percent for citizens.  Without reform, over 2 million noncitizens will continue collecting guaranteed cash welfare, health care, and food benefits, costing taxpayers more than $20 billion over 6 years.  In this legislation, sponsors, not taxpayers, are held responsible for supporting noncitizens because sponsor agreements are made legally binding documents. Deeming is expanded to apply to most Federal programs. Both deeming and sponsorship continue until the alien becomes a citizen, unless the noncitizen has worked for at least 10 years.  Most nonncitizens who arrive after the date of enactment would not be eligible for most Federal welfare benefits during their first 5 years in the United States.  Refugees and veterans and their families and emergency medical services are excepted.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, most immigrants are hard working, and committed to self-sufficiency. Unfortunately, others have become dependent on a variety of Government benefits. The Personal Responsibility, Work Opportunity, and Medicaid Restructuring Act of 1996 addresses this issue by limiting the eligibility of qualified aliens for certain Federal benefits, including SSI and food stamps. In addition, the legislation grants State authority to limit the eligibility of qualified aliens to certain State public benefits.  My colleagues, Senator Graham, has offered an amendment which would remove these provisions from the bill. While I cannot support this amendment because it undermines the principle that individuals who immigrate to this Nation should be self-sufficient, I believe that the amendment is important because it draws attention to the plight of those hard-working immigrants who may need assistance as a result of events which are beyond their control. Therefore, I strongly recommend that the conference committee consider the needs of those immigrants who are committed to self-sufficiency but who are in need through no fault of their own.  