 President, recent information from a wide variety of sources make two things very clear about the issue of drug policy, drug trends and the problems it causes, and that is that teenage drug use is on the rise, a disturbingly fast rise, and also that the American public remains very concerned about the need for counter-drug policies that are effective.  We know from virtually every survey, every reporting mechanism on drug use that adolescent use is on a rocket ride into the upper atmosphere. We know from hospital data that emergency room admissions are on the increase and that many of these involve young people. Late last year, we had firm confirmation of just how bad things are and where they are headed.  The administration released the latest high school survey. These data make it abundantly clear that not only is use of drugs going up, but youthful attitude toward the dangers of drug use are changing and changing for the worst. The best spin that the administration could put on the data was somehow, ``Well, it's not as bad as it was in 1979.''  Just what sort of a comment does that say? It notes that since 1992, the proportion of 10th graders using illicitdrugs in the prior 12 months had risen by almost 75 percent. Marijuana use among 8th graders--those would be people as young as 13 years of age--has risen by 2\1/2\ times. Prevalence among 10th graders has doubled.  These figures are bad enough, but what is worse is that they come after decades of decline. If we had a chart, that chart would show from these very same surveys, because they have been annual over a long period of time, that from 1979 down through 1992, there was a dramatic drop in the number of teenagers experimenting with drugs.  Since 1992, as this recent report clearly states, something is wrong, and there is a dramatic rise in that downward trend of the years from 1979 to 1982.  But that is not all, Mr. President. The DAWN survey of emergency room admissions is up. The PRIDE survey, echoing the problems in our schools, shows that use is up. The household survey shows that use is up. So, clearly, something is wrong. But we can take heart: Things are not as bad as they were in 1979.  What these figures mean is that we are storing up trouble for the next decade. We are in the process today of creating a new wave of drug abuse and addiction that is going to create problems for tomorrow.  This trend, as I said, comes after years of decline in adolescent use and the creation of an understanding during that period of time among the young about the dangers of drug use that helped to insulate them from ever starting to experiment with drugs.  Over the last 4 years, with this trend going up, that attitude that drugs are dangerous among young people is changing. So I think it is legitimate to ask and look at reasons why it is changing.  One of the principal reasons is that we have lost a coherent public message that drug use is dangerous and wrong. One of the main reasons for this is the disappearing act performed by the President on the whole drug question. Simply put, the bully pulpit stands empty. There is no message and no moral authority.  That, hopefully, is changing with the appointment of the new drug czar. Hopefully that is changing with the President 10 days ago in Baltimore holding a nationwide meeting by satellite to young people on the dangers of drugs and the President's concern about it.  The President in his speech mentioned the problems that his family had with drugs, I guess a brother it was.  Hopefully, it is turning around just because the President feels comfortable talking about the problem. It seemed to me that for this whole first term of office, the President must not have talked about it because he did not feel comfortable talking about it.  But whether it is the President of the United States, whether it is the music stars that the younger generation looks to that are parading the legitimacy of drug use or movie stars, the movie industry not playing it down, or whether it is just a plain lack that we do not have on television anymore the ads that the industry used to put on that drug use was bad, the public service announcements that drug use was bad, whatever it is, it all adds up to this dramatic increase in the use of drugs, most important, the dangerous experimentation by young people and the fact that that portends danger 10 years down the road for other problems that come from enhancement of drug use, the crime and everything that goes with it.  So there is no message out there, and the people who used to have the moral authority to give that message are no longer giving it.  Daily, more Americans die from the consequences of drug use, more are maimed in drug-related violence than have died in many of our overseas ventures. Certainly, more lives are at risk than have been lost to date in Bosnia. Yet, what do we see? We see a commitment of manpower, resources and treasure bound for far-flung fields in dubious enterprises of peacekeeping, and meanwhile we have a major problem right here at home calling for action and leadership.  We send peacekeeping missions to Bosnia, but where is our antidrug mission in Detroit? Where are the prime time news events to sell a policy on drugs, that drugs are dangerous? As I have said, the President had this wonderful assembly in Baltimore to bring attention to it. He has appointed an outstanding person as drug czar. But until these things happen--where was the media attention from past action by our political leadership on the drug problem?  If you do not think there is a problem of leadership on the drug question, try to find a word in the newspapers at that time about the resignation of Dr. Brown when he resigned late last year. Try to find mention of recent Gallup polls on public opinion about drugs. Try to find honorable mention of the surveys, the other surveys that I mentioned in my comments this afternoon.  If you go back to this period of time when the political leadership of America during the 1980's was saying, ``Just say no to drugs,'' when our TV tubes were filled with stories and public service announcements about the dangers of drugs, when our respected leaders in entertainment were saying drugs are bad--Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 5 more minutes.  