 President, on July 30, 1996, Senator Lott said, and I quote, ``We cannot, in fact, we must not, rely on foreign ships and foreign crews to deliver supplies into hostile areas.''  This is the impetus for one of the three amendments that I have that require American crews and American bottoms subsidized by this bill, to carry war materiel, carry it the entire way to a war zone. And this legislation does not require this.  I know it is the intent of the legislation that American bottoms and American crews be used most of the time, or maybe all the time. That may be the intent. But it is not required. And Senator Lott being one of the biggest proponents of this legislation stated this. Since this is his measure of the importance of our maritime industry, I felt we should bring that issue here in the way of my amendment.  Now, I want to speak maybe just for 3 or 4 minutes in response to the amendment that has not been debated but has been offered by the Senator from Hawaii for my colleague from Iowa, Senator Harkin.  I know there is going to be an opportunity for us to speak on this Tuesday under the unanimous consent, but I would like to express this thought about this idea of my colleague from my State.  This happens to be the second time that my colleague from Iowa has tried to undercut my efforts to obtain sanity and control over the way we shovel union welfare and corporate welfare funds to the U.S. maritime industry and the merchant marines. The last time was 6 years ago exactly.  The purpose of this amendment is to have the U.S. Department of Transportation pay the cargo preference costs rather than the Agriculture Department for the food programs of the Agriculture Department. I do not think we can find any fault with the Transportation Department paying it instead of the Agriculture Department, because it is a transportation cost and it is not the cost of food. But it does not accomplish anything and is just a bookkeeping issue.  So I said then, 6 years ago, and I say again today, it does not make any difference which agency pays for cargo preference--either way taxpayers get ripped off. So this amendment by my colleague from Iowa would continue to allow the maritime labor unions to rip off taxpayers.  I read in debate yesterday from this Rubin-Clinton memo. The Rubin-Clinton memo had been sent to every Senator last year by Citizens Against Government Waste. I had it delivered again to each office yesterday.  In short, Secretary Rubin, in his memo to President Clinton on this issue of subsidies for the maritime industry, President Clinton's own Cabinet people argue that maritime subsidies are simply aimed at paying high-priced seafarers. They argued that the maritime subsidies are little more than a jobs bill, and it would be unfair to give special treatment to seafarers unless President Clinton would be willing to give other workers facing job losses the same type of subsidies.  The amendment I have on this bill is supported by taxpayers' organizations because it goes to the heart of wasteful maritime subsidies. My amendment requires Congress to define the legal term ``fair and reasonable rates.''  So, if Senator Harkin's amendment would be adopted, then that would undercut the pressure for Congress to define what is fair and reasonable, because we have left that definition to the maritime industry. The Maritime Administration has been more concerned about the maritime industry and the maritime unions, protecting them, than protecting the taxpayers. So they have a very liberal ``fair and reasonable rate'' definition.  So, in my amendment, which Senator Harkin has offered to amend, we use the same type of definition for taxpayers' protection that are under Buy-America laws, which are already on the books. In short, such as with Buy America, agencies can buy products, or in maritime cases it would be services, if U.S. companies are charging taxpayers 6 percent more than foreign companies. My amendment might save the taxpayers $500 million a year.  Now, for $500 million a year I use as a source--I honestly can document $500 million. There is, in every budget since Darman was Director of the Office of Management and Budget, a figure on what cargo preference costs are. We never had it in previous budgets. At least we have a dollar figure on it now.  So, Senator Harkin's amendment in the final analysis does not save the taxpayers one thin dime. It merely says this is going to be paid for out of transportation rather than out of the Agriculture Department. So I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.  I do not think we should fool ourselves. This amendment will not help farmers who happen to be taxpayers as well. My amendment gets at saving taxpayers the money, not just saying who is going to pay for the cost of cargo preference.  Our appropriating committees will simply take money out of funds allocated under agriculture to buy food for those starving overseas, which is the agriculture program involved, and they will take whatever the cargo preference cost is and give it to the Transportation Department. Farmers willnot sell more food under this amendment. It will not save the taxpayers any money. And this is the reason this amendment should be opposed.  I yield the floor.  