 President, I rise today in strong support of one portion of the telecommunications legislation we are currently considering. In particular, I wish to speak on the cyberporn provisions of the bill. I believe that it is high time that Congress apply the same rules to protect children on the Internet that have laws applied to other communications media. Since 1934, indecency has been regulated in broadcast. And when it became clear that children were vulnerable to sexually explicit material over the telephone, Congress prohibited providing indecency to children via the telephone. Today, we are taking the next step in protecting children from child molesters and unscrupulous porn merchants.  It is important to note that despite the best efforts of the liberal establishment, the Supreme Court has never--not even once--ruled that the indecency standard is unconstitutional. So the vocal opponents of the legislation before us today are going to have a very hard time to challenge it in court. Just a few weeks ago, in the Act III case, the Supreme Court was asked to review the constitutionality of the indecency standard. But the Supreme Court declined to do so, indicating to many constitutional lawyers that the indecency standard is on firmer footing than ever.  I predict that the left-wing free-speech absolutists who have promised to challenge the cyberporn provisions will have no more success with their antifamily efforts than they have had in the past.  This summer, I had the opportunity to chair the first-ever congressional hearings on cyberporn. During that hearing, I had the opportunity to hear from parents who had discovered that their children had been sent pornography or solicited by adults. One teenager girl was even stalked on-line by someone who was later arrested--but had to be released because his conduct was not illegal.  That's why, with the assistance of the distinguished chairman of the Commerce Committee, Senator Pressler, I worked to include a cyberstalking provision in the conference committee report. That section makes it a crime to use computers to seduce or lure children. I believe that this is an important step. As with indecency on computers, America's children should be given the same protections in the on-line world that they have in the real world.  In my hearing this summer, I asked each parent that appeared before the Judiciary Committee--do you believe that a technical solution alone, without Federal legislation, is enough to protect their children. Without exception these parents said no, that the technology is part of the Answer, but not the whole answer. So for those who claim that Congress has no role at all to play in protecting America's children from on-line pornography and child stalking, I say ask America's parents about that. The parents of America, who have to try to use cumbersome and highly technical computer programs to block out cyberporn and on-line child stalkers believe that congressional assistance is crucial and that there simply is no other way to keep America's children safe.  Finally, let me say that me of the most perplexing misrepresentations during the conference deliberations on this matter involved the so-called harmful to minors standard as opposed to the indecency standard. The harmful-to-minors standard is a creature of State law, and there has never, during the entire history of our Nation, been a Federal harmful-to-minors law. On the other hand, Congress has had indecency regulations on the books since 1934, the beginning of the mass communications era. So, despite statements to the contrary, the harmful-to-minors standard, which has never been the subject to congressional action, is too uncertain, too new to be applied to the dynamic medium of computer communications. I believe that the harmful-to-minors standards would unduly chill the kind of freewheeling discussions we have become used to on the Internet. The tired-and-true indecency standard is much better, in the opinion of this Senator and noted constitutional scholars like Bruce Fein.  I would like to take my hat off to Senator Exon, Senator Coats, and Senator Helms for their work and leadership on this issue. I yield the floor.  