 President, this table breaks the infrastructure costs into nine distinct categories. The new General Accounting Office data shows major increases in every category, with one important exception, and that would be installation support. Even installation support shows increases in the outyears. The four BRAC commissions proposed closing 97 bases. Yet, installation support costs are projected to rise. I think it is legitimate to ask why. Is it because few, if any, of those bases have really been closed?  The downstream savings promised by base closings and a shrinking force structure should be reflected in these numbers, but they are not. We should be able to identify where the savings are. I do not expect to see any savings. We will not ever see those savings unless we hold the Department's feet to the fire.  A comparison of the numbers in the fiscal year 1996 future year defense plan with the numbers in the 1997 future year defense plan suggests that installation support figures on table 1 are misleading. That comparison reveals a shocking trend. That comparison suggests that base support costs will actually increase by $1 billion per year between the years 1997 and the year 2001.  Take fiscal year 1997 just for example. The fiscal year 1997 column in the 1996 future year defense plan shows installation costs at $23.96 billion.  Then if you go over to the fiscal year 1997 column, in the the 1997 future year defense plan, the number goes up to $25.1 billion. That is an increase of $1.14 billion in 1 year in projected installation support. The next year it is the same thing. The number goes from $22.76 billion up to $23.64 billion, and that is an increase of $900 million.  I need to clarify one point about the numbers. The numbers on the table that I have submitted for the Record do not match up with the totals for the infrastructure costs that I used a moment ago, and there is a reason for that discrepancy. About $35 billion in infrastructure costs get lost in what we refer to as DBOF--that stands for Defense business operation fund--each year. We know the money is in there someplace, but the General Accounting Office cannot track it because dollars in the Defense business operation fund are not identified in the future year defense program.  And so I think it is very ironic because DBOF was established to improve cost accounting at the Pentagon. In fact, that was the whole idea about DBOF. Here is $35 billion in annual DOD costs that cannot be tracked because of the Defense business operation fund. We cannot audit them because of the fund. The fund is an obstacle to accurate cost accounting.  There is yet another problem. That problem is that the Department of Defense had a $4 billion plug figure in last year's numbers, and they pulled it out of the new future year defense plan,making it look as if some of the funding levels were coming down. The Department of Defense said the $4 billion that was plugged in for last year was miscoded. The miscoded dollars were pulled out of the infrastructure costs and, in a sense, just heaved overboard. I suppose somebody could say they were transferred to another part of the future year defense plan, but if they cannot be tracked, no one knows.  That makes me think they are kind of phony numbers.  In a nutshell, Mr. President, that is what is in this latest report of the General Accounting Office on defense infrastructure. I hope my colleagues will take this as I have referred to it for several minutes here, taking statistics from it, to make a case for my amendment that I will offer.  This latest report, I think, states for another year that Mr. Perry's promised savings are nowhere in sight. His $60 billion modernization plan then is, if the savings are not available, hung out to dry. It is dead in the water.  And so I come here pleading with my colleagues that Congress needs to help Mr. Perry. Without a doubt, reason is on his side.  On March 5, he presented to the Congress of the United States through the Armed Services Committee that there is going to be x amount of savings, and this is the resource for modernization. That all makes sense, right? But is it going to happen? With an increase in infrastructure costs and overhead, it is going to be eaten up someplace else. The modernization that we think we are planning on being there is not going to materialize. In fact, at the beginning of my time today I pointed out how little we actually get for modernization when you look at the materiel that is purchased.  So I cannot come here and condemn Mr. Perry for not having good intent and a plan that he thinks will accomplish what he wants to accomplish. But it just is not going to happen. So my amendment would make sure that money finds its way into modernization and not into this overhead and infrastructure cost where it is going to inevitably end up because four rounds of base closings and a shrinking force structure should be producing substantial savings. Because it should be producing substantial savings, we ought to identify those savings and reserve them for the purpose that Mr. Perry suggested. He wants to recover those savings to pay for modernization. And so unless we freeze these accounts, the savings are going to be frittered away on new infrastructure projects. My amendment will help Mr. Perry do what he says must be done.  I send my amendment to the desk and ask for its immediate consideration.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Thompson). The clerk will report.  The legislative clerk read as follows:       The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grassley] proposes an amendment      numbered 4047.  