 President, the Congress is now engaged in the business of passing a budget to fund this Government for another year. This process is one of the most important pieces of business that this body engages in. In discussing where and how and for what we spend the public's money on public business in the public interest is one of the most compelling stories of government. I wish that more of our fellow citizens watched the debates on this floor as we argue among ourselves on their behalf how best to spend their hard earned dollars. It is an important lesson in civics. It is a course in practical politics, on how real differences on important matters of substance are resolved. It is sometimes not an elegant process but it is one of the critical features of democratic government.  One of the most inelegant parts of the process, is the fact that legislating budgets is not coherent in the sum of its parts. We divide our budget consideration into many pieces. It's the only practical way to deal with the problem of how to spend money. This means, however, that money and the politics that it is spent on is similarly considered in its many parts, not as a whole.  Rarely, legislatively, does a program receive strategic or comprehensive consideration that combines all the elements. Doing that is typically one of the responsibilities of the executive branch. We look to the administration to present the comprehensive plan, to integrate all the pieces into meaningful policy. It is Congress' role to ensure that the net results are what is intended. That the money is buying what it is meant for.  We may not always agree with how things are put together, but a dialog on our disagreements is how a democracy makes up its mind. This process, however, does not lend itself to central direction. Congress may, through the oversight process, seek to encourage cohesiveness. It may, through legislation, require strategic thinking. But, while you can lead an administration to water, you cannot necessarily make it take the plunge. You cannot give it coherence. You cannot supply a vision that is wanting, a conviction that is simply not there. You cannot enforce wisdom. When these are lacking, Congress is not always the best body to provide uniform direction. It is, however, bound to try.  That is the situation we face now is so many areas of our international policy. Things are drifting. There is no coherence, no vision. And, sometimes, I wonder about the wisdom behind what passes for policy. This is painfully clear in looking at our drug policy.  I have spoken a number of times about the incoherence in our present efforts. I have documented, recently, the consequences of these failed policies for drug use in this country. Unless we simply do not expect our policies to make any difference. Unless we are committed to the idea that we spend the public's money for the heck of it. Unless we believe that words are meant to substitute for results. Then, we cannot look at our current efforts and the trend in youthful drug use and conclude that what we are doing is working.  Simply put, the present strategy from this administration on drugs is a failure. It has been a failure from the beginning. The most recent effort at a written strategy, while an admirable attempt by the new drug czar, is thin. It lacks substance. It has no measurable standards of performance. It contains little new. It has few measures of success. Even more disappointing, the administration has been noticeably invisible on the Hill in defending its own programs. This, also, is not new. Even in the Democratic-controlled Congress, the administration largely left the drug program to fend for itself.  This under-supported policy was also the program that the administration took to the public. Its most remembered hallmarks are ``I didn't inhale'', and the Surgeon General's call for serious consideration of legalization. Hardly substitutes for ``Just Say No.'' The consequences were vanishing interestin serious counter-drug efforts and renewed calls for legalization--given encouragement by this administration's Surgeon General. The results of that indifference and incoherence are clear for anyone who wants to take a look at the recent reporting on youthful drug use in this country over the past 3\1/2\ years. The picture is sobering. The results are dramatic increases of drug use among kids. All the recent surveys confirm this. In addition, the forthcoming annual PRIDE survey will add further weight to the body of evidence.  In response to this fact, the congressional leadership, led by Bob Dole, commissioned a joint House-Senate task force last year to do what the administration has not done: develop a coherent view of what needs to be done. The task force report, which came out earlier this year, provides us with guidance on where we need to be going with our drug policy. In particular, as Congress now considers the international drug budget in its many parts, the report indicates the direction that we need to be taking to give us more coherence and sense of purpose in our efforts.  In the absence of meaningful policies from the administration, we have a responsibility to the public to make up for the deficit. As we construct our separate drug budgets, we must take this need into our deliberations.  In essence, our overall drug programs are an effort to build a fisherman's net--a web of programs, efforts, and policies that will catch and hold the school of drug problems. We must construct a balanced weave. One without gaping holes. One that is suited to the circumstances of our needs and our capabilities. The budget process is our net. It is here that we must ensure that we bring more consistency to our deliberations over the various parts of our drug budget to ensure that the result is more than the sum of its parts.  We need to ensure, as we balance the many conflicting needs represented in our budgets, that our drug program is adequately funded in its constituent elements. We must ensure that DOD bears responsibility for doing something more than it has recently in supporting drug operations. We must see that Customs programs along the Southwest border, in Puerto Rico, and in support of interdiction operations are adequately supported, after years of neglect. We need to refurbish DEA's international effort. We need to support Coast Guard's drug enforcement mission. We need to provide support to the efforts to develop a Midwest high intensity drug trafficking area to stem the flow of methamphetamine.  These things we can do more immediately. In the longer term, we in Congress need to exercise more vigorous oversight over present programs to ensure that the public is getting a proper return on its investment. We need more accountability. In the next days and weeks, as we work to do the people's business, we must keep in mind our responsibility to provide adequate, consistent support to drug programs. In doing so, we help to put our drug policy back on track. We engaged a problem that we cannot afford to ignore or wish away. In responding, we must consider the net effect. I urge my colleagues to support funding for the programs I have mentioned above as we work on the appropriations bills before us.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  