 President, Congress and the Senate takes up today the passage of legislation regarding the farming community and is presenting legislation as a basis for a safety net for the agriculture of the next century. The programs of this century are outdated for the agriculture of the next century.  Now, Mr. President, the opponents of this bill take great delight in calling this a welfare bill for farmers. Well, of course, that shows a complete lack of understanding of the farm economy and of farm programs.  First of all, farmers have relied on a Government program for the past 60 years. The urban press has always referred to Government programs as ``welfare'' because they are too stupid to understand the interrelationship between food production and what goes on in cities and the jobs that it creates.  But what the press does not tell you is what the farmers have done for the American consumer. Farm programs have helped farmers to supply us with the best and the cheapest food supply in the world. Is this welfare? Everyone--most of all, the consumer--has benefited from farm programs, and they will continue to do so under this bill.  But Congress has passed, in this bill, the most sweeping changes in farm programs in 60 years. We will not, in this new environment of change, pull the rug out from under farmers in this legislation.  We are providing in this legislation a glidepath to the free market type of agriculture that most farmers want. This bill provides a glidepath. It provides guaranteed, certain payments to farmers to allow them to adjust to a new era of agriculture.  This era will be heavily influenced by free market forces instead of Government programs. This new era will also be influenced by the opening of markets in Europe and the Pacific rim when free-trade agreements, such as GATT, are allowed a chance to work. Most farmers welcome the opportunity to meet every competitor abroad, compete in every market, and send a clear signal--which this bill does--that we are going to supply that market. We are going to be in the market to stay.  But, of course, during transition, there must be an adjustment period. The Government safety net must continue in order to ease the transition. This bill accomplishes that goal.  And anyone in this Chamber who thinks farmers will take this market transition payment and not plant a crop has a total lack of understanding not only about farming but about economics in general.  The farmers I know cannot afford to pay the property tax on their land and to take these payments and expect to make a living from them. They will have to earn income from the land. Not only do they have to do it, they want to do it. They have to produce and market a crop in order to provide such a living.  With all due respect to any of my colleagues who think otherwise, it is insulting to our farmer constituents to insinuate that they will take a Government payment and fly off to Florida and let the productivity of their land and the return from that productivity be nonexistent.  Obviously, you are not talking to the same farmers that show up at my town meetings and visit my office. These farmers want to continue to farm the land and make a living from that land.  So let us give farmers just a little bit of credit. Let us trust them not only to do the right thing, but to do the only thing that makes sense economically. That is what most of this farm bill is all about--letting farmers make their own decisions, instead of Government making all of their decisions for them.  Mr. President, I simply cannot, on another point, buy the argument made by the opponents of this bill that we have failed to provide an adequate safety net for farmers. The farmers I talk to do not think the current program is any safety net at all.  If you want to see how the current program would work for some farmers if it were extended, talk to the farmers in southern Iowa, western Illinois, and northern Missouri who did not get a crop planted in 1995, and ask them about a safety net. They had little or no crop to market this year. Yet, they did not receive a deficiency payment because prices are so high. They lost a lot of income, and many of them are on the verge of going out of business. Yet, some of my colleagues want to extend the 1990 farm program because they think it is a better safety net.  This new farm bill has all the components of an adequate safety net. First, it makes guaranteed, fixed payments to farmers for the next 7 years--something they can count on. It lets farmers manage their income from the Government, instead of some bureaucrat in Washington doing it.  Since we know the amount that we have to spend on the farm program over the next 7 years--and we have to know that if we are going to get to a balanced budget--why not let the farmers manage this money instead of Washington? Once again, the opponents of the bill would rather keep the powers in the hands of unelected, faceless bureaucrats, when the farmers, business people, as they are and must be, are competent to do this and want to do it and welcome the freedom to do it.  This farm bill also has a strong Marketing Loan Program. This represents the true safety net for our farmers. It protects the farmers against rapid decline in prices. Finally, we establish a new program in this farm bill called revenue insurance. In fact, it is already being used in Iowa under the name of crop revenue coverage. This new product is a public-private partnership that represents the future of farm programs. The farmers I talked to in town meetings over the past weekend are very excited about this product. They feel that it is the only safety net that they need, one that they can control, and one that is related to the marketplace.  So let us not substitute our judgment for that of our farmers. It is their business, their livelihood, and there is nobody who knows better how to manage the 350-acre average-size farm in Iowa than the man who is operating it or the woman who owns and operates it. They know better than many people here. Let them decide what a sufficient safety net is for their business. I think most of them will decide that this new revenue insurance product is a very strong safety net.  Also, Mr. President, the opponents of this bill argue that we are ending Government involvement in farming, and that this is just plain wrong. These are scare tactics designed to undermine the intent of this bill.  First of all, permanent law, specifically the 1949 act, is still in place as an incentive for Congress to consider farm legislation after the year 2002.  Second, I understand from the Congressional Budget Office that agriculture will have about a $4 billion baseline for farm programs after 2002.  Finally, and most significantly, the bill establishes a strong insurance program. This program will be a public-private partnership that provides a very strong safety net for family farmers.  So Government will continue to play a very important role in farming. But the role will be much more limited. It is accurate to say that farmers' business decisions will no longer be made in Washington. But the Federal Government will continue to play a role in providing a safety net.  Maybe the opponents of this bill want the Government to continue to control all aspects of agriculture. But farmers do not want that, and the supporters of this bill do not want that. But it is just fear-mongering to insinuate that the Federal Government will pull the rug out from under the family farmers. This simply will not happen under this very good piece of legislation.  I commend the manager of the bill for writing a very good piece, as well as the Senator from Vermont.  I yield the floor.  