 The most recent numbers show that the 18-percent figure has gone to over 33 percent of all cash-assisted families in Iowa now having earned income, the highest percentage of any State in the Nation. Now, some have attributed this dramatic increase to a strong economy and low unemployment rate in my State. However, in this control group that we had to have to satisfy the Washington bureaucrats at HHS, only 19 percent of the people in the old program have earned income. That is only 1 percentage point above what it was for a long period of time before reform in Iowa. So it shows that it takes policies and it takes reform, not just a strong economy, to bring about changes of behavior. My State's success demonstrates that giving States freedom and discretion to create their own programs will be best for the constituents we serve. This bill does that. I firmly believe that State leaders are as compassionate and as concerned for those in need as we are here at the Federal level.  By passing welfare reform that gives more authority to the States, we are putting the best interests of our constituents first. Not only that, but by enacting good welfare policy we are also saving the taxpayers some of their hard-earned money. In this package, we save $53 billion over the next 6 years. Much of this savings comes from making noncitizens ineligible for most Federal assistance programs. Even with these savings, spending on major means-tested programs will actually grow 4.3 percent from $99.3 billion in fiscal year 1996 to $127 billion in the year 2002. This is a measured approach to reforming our welfare system. I am pleased to support it.  There is a concern that a reduction in funds will hurt low--income families. Once again, Iowa serves as an example of what can happen when States are given more freedom to create their own programs. When my State implemented welfare reform in October 1993, the monthly payout for the State was $13.6 million. In June of this year, the monthly payout was down to $10.5 million, a reduction of almost 23 percent. Because of these savings, the State has been able to put more money into job training and into child care for both those on public assistance and those who are low-income working Iowans. This is as it should be.  My State and other States are demonstrating their commitment to serve the needs of their respective constituents. Producing savings to better serve Iowans is simply a benefit of good policy changes.  It is incumbent upon this Congress to try again, then, as we are, to pass welfare reform that fulfills our promise. In this act we are fulfilling our commitment to change welfare as we know it. We are fulfilling our commitment to require work for welfare. We are fulfilling our commitment to have time-limited assistance.  We do not know what the President will do. But just because the President has trouble keeping his promise does not mean we should have trouble keeping our promise, as Members of the U.S. Senate, to deliver on our promise of ending welfare as we know it. We are fulfilling our commitments. He will have to reconsider his commitment.  I am also supportive, as we have just done, of the striking of the Medicaid provisions. I do not like to do that. Striking Medicaid from this bill, no doubt, means any Medicaid reform is dead for this Congress. That is too bad because Medicaid definitely needs reform. Medicaid is spending too much money. The rate of increase it is spending under current law is too rapid to sustain. It is also too encumbered with Federal rules and requirements.  I remind my colleagues that just 12 months ago Senator Packwood, as then chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, was on the floor. He held up a stack of documents just from the State of Oregon--new regulations that had been issued just within the previous 6 months, new regulations for the State Medicaid Program. That is how complicated and irresponsibly administered this program is. Too much control in Washington, not enough faith.  