 President, I want to continue my remarks from this morning and express my support for the TEAM Act. I support the TEAM Act because it would allow employees the privilege to participate in workplace decisions, giving the workers a greater voice in matters of mutual interest such as quality, productivity, and safety. These are rational things and ought to be a subject of discussion between workers and employers. But, current law prohibits this type of participation.  The bill before the Senate would, among other things, encourage worker-management cooperation. It would preserve, without a doubt, the balance between labor and management, while allowing cooperative efforts between worker and employer. It would permit voluntary cooperation. It would do it between workers and employers and would allow all we want to encourage to continue working.  Current law prohibits 85 percent of working folks from talking with their employers in employee involvement committees. I know that does not sound reasonable, but present law prohibits it. It prohibits discussing things like the extension of employees' lunch breaks by 15 minutes; sick leave; flexible work schedules; free coffee; purchase of a table, soda machine, microwave, or a clock for the smoking lounge; tornado warning procedures; safety goggles for fryer and bailer operators; ban on radios and other sound equipment; dress codes; day care services, and no smoking policies. We know that because employee-employer committees have tried to discuss these things and their efforts have been found illegal. The President spoke in support of this sort of cooperation in his State of the Union message this year. He said:       When companies and workers work as a team, they do better,      and so does America.  Mr. President I agree with the President of the United States. I also agree with what Secretary Reich said in July 1993. He said this in an article in the Washington Post:       High-performance workplaces are gradually replacing the      factories and offices where Americans used to work, where      decisions were made at the top and most employees merely      followed instructions. The old top-down workplace doesn't      work anymore.  As astounding as it might sound that a Republican would be agreeing with the Secretary of Labor, I wholeheartedly agree. But things said in Washington do not always come out at the end of the pipeline in policy the way that they are really stated. In other words, rhetoric is not always followed through by performance in office.  Just a few months ago, at a national union rally in Washington, DC, following a $35 million campaign pledge made to the Democratic Party and a grand endorsement by the AFL-CIO, Vice President Al Gore pledged President Clinton's veto of the bill that we are debating on the floor of this body right now. This bill, in every respect, fits into compliance with the statements made by President Clinton in his State of the Union Message and Secretary Reich's article in the Washington Post. The TEAM Act is an act that does nothing more and nothing less than legalize workplace cooperation between nonunion employees and management.  Union representatives tell me that they fear that the TEAM Act would prevent them from organizing union shops. I want to emphasize that this act does not apply to union settings and would not undermine existing collective bargaining agreements.  Under the TEAM Act, workers retain the right, as they should, to choose an independent union to engage in collective bargaining. But as it stands now, if employees choose not to organize--and 88 percent of the private sector has chosen not to--they are penalized by not being able to conduct this sort of worker-employer cooperation through committees.  In other words, they are gagged and prohibited from discussing workplace issues with their employers. Throughout this debate, I have heard some of my colleagues talk about how they mistrust the intention of management. My colleagues who make these statements must assume that workers and managers have a built-in adversarial relationship, or they want to promote some adversarial relationships, instead of promoting cooperation, which this legislation would allow them to do.  At one time that may have been true, but that was decades ago and is generally not true today. The employers, as well as the employees, whether from my State or other States--but I listen primarily to those in my State--tell me they only want the legal privilege to form partnerships to promote cooperative work environments. They just want to be able to talk to each other.  One of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle stated that most companies already legally meet with their employees. But I would like to tell him about the possible consequences that a company faces if they choose to do so.  The Clinton-appointed Dunlop Commission invited the Donnelly Corp. to testify before the commission. This company was chosen because it was a shining example of how well employee involvement in these committees works. The company was praised for its promotion of workplace flexibility and formation of worker-management teams.  But this public announcement brought them and their employees a great amount of grief. The Donnelly Corp. was slapped with a labor lawsuit filed by the NLRB. Why? Because of its progressive operations. The Corporation was temporarily forced to cease its employee involvement programs. The company was accused of breaking Federal law, a law that the TEAM Act would reform.  After a long year of litigation, the case was settled, but the company is still threatened by possible labor lawsuits, unless the law is changed.  In 1995, Secretary Reich, when speaking to the Securities and Exchange Commission, called on the SEC to find ways to encourage companies to voluntarily disclose workplace practices that contribute to higher profits. He said he had heard that many companies were reluctant to provide information about such programs to the market for fear that they would be sued.  He said, ``I believe there is a chilling effect. Why disclose if you subject yourself to potential liability?''  President Clinton, Secretary Reich, and their own commission, the Dunlop Commission, up until the union leaders made a $35 million campaign pledge to their party, supported reforms of current labor law. Now the Clinton administration has threatened to veto the TEAM Act in its present form.  The Clinton administration says that it is not beholden to special interests. But it seems like with a lot of vetoes, or a lot of threats of vetoes, this administration listens just to trial lawyers or to labor union leaders. Is it possible that the same administration that marches in lockstep with the National Education Association and the Trial Lawyers of America is more interested in a $35 million campaign pledge than in correcting the wrong that was done to the Donnelly Corp.?  So I encourage my colleagues today to recognize the need for the people to have a real voice in decisions affecting their workplace and urge them to support this act.  I know that everybody knows I am a Republican, and I know everybody believes that Republicans do not have any understanding of the workplace or the labor union environment. So I want to repeat what I stated this morning when I spoke about this same piece of legislation. I had the experience of working in a sheet metal factory from August 1960 until March of 1971. I worked on the assembly line, making furnace registers for the Waterloo Register Company in Cedar Falls, IA, a company that went out of business in 1971. I was a member of the International Association of Machinists from February 1962 until March 1971. I have an understanding of the workplace environment. I have an understanding of the cooperation that is necessary between labor and management if productivity is to increase. I have an understanding that you can have workplace committees and dialog between labor and management, outside of the normal collective bargaining process, and enhance productivity within the workplace.  Not only does it happen, but we need to encourage more of it, so that nothing is done in that process to interfere with the statutory right and the constitutional right that people have to organize in unions.  I was a member of the International Association of Machinists for that period of time. If I were still working at that company, I presume I would still be a member of that union. But the union that I used to be a member of, and most of these other unions that are stationed here in Washington, are against this bill. I think that is kind of like having your head stuck in the sand, because we are going to have to increase productivity in the workplace if we are going to keep up with international competition. We ought to be enhancing and doing everything we possibly can to make our manufacturing and our service industries more productive to meet the competition from overseas. And this bill would encourage that. I do not know why leaders here in Washington cannot understand that.  The people that were on the assembly line with me in the 1960's understood that, even though we did not have the international competition we have now. But also I think I learned something in the process, too, that labor union leaders here in Washington, DC, do not always represent the voice of their leaders at the grassroots. The people I worked with felt the necessity of encouraging this cooperation between labor and management so that we would be more productive, so that we could make more money, get higher salaries, and better fringe benefits.  So I hope that we can pass this bill and get it to the President. I hope the President will stick to his message in the State of the Union, that we have to enhance cooperation between workers and employers, because that is what this bill does.  