 The ``Pulse Check'' provides an opportunity to see what is happening with drug use in markets across the country. The news is not good. Other Senators and I have spoken often on this floor at the alarming trend in drug use. We have told the Nation that drug use is rising; that drug users are getting younger; and that the drugs are getting stronger and more dangerous.  We are heading down a dangerous road. ``Pulse Check'' does not report on trend lines. Instead, it provides a snapshot of what is happening, a road sign to what lies ahead. Here is what the most recent ``Pulse Check'' shows:  Heroin is gaining in popularity in many areas of the country. We are seeing higher purity and lower prices. The increased purity has allowed new users to avoid using needles. The result is increased use and popularity. In some areas, cocaine and crack dealers are being pressured by their South American distributors to diversify and also sell heroin.  The news on cocaine and crack use is also disturbing. While use remains stable throughout most areas of the country, availability remains high. Prices are fairly stable throughout the United States. Although it is losing some of its appeal in southern California, New York, and Colorado, it is gaining in popularity in areas in Texas, Delaware, Georgia, and Washington, DC, especially among female drug users. This supports recent reports that drug use no longer has a gender gap.  Perhaps the most disturbing news of all, marijuana use is up all over, especially among younger users. This is particularly disturbing in light of marijuana's role as a gateway drug. As a recent study by the Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse shows, the earlier someone starts using marijuana, the more likely they are to move onto harder, more dangerous substances. Perhaps the first sign of this occurring can be seen in reports of increasing incidence of marijuana cigarettes laced with crack or PCP or evenembalming fluid. ``Pulse Check'' reports that these marijuana users are generally younger and represent the gamut of socioeconomic groups. Also, the quality of marijuana is higher than previous years. This means a much stronger drug is available today than was available during the last drug crisis.  Besides these three more traditional menaces, methamphetamine use continues to rise in the West and Northwest, and is headed toward the east coast. It was once considered mainly a biker drug and found mainly in the Southwest. Now, Mexican organized crime organizations have moved in and are incorporating this new product into their existing networks for cocaine and heroin. Meth is a drug which can be injected, inhaled, or made into pills. It appeals to wide variety of users. Earlier I mentioned that cocaine was losing some of its appeal in southern California and Colorado, where it has developed a lowlife reputation. ``Pulse Check'' reports that in its stead, methamphetamine has moved in and has become the new hip drug.  Even though little of this makes the nightly news, there is an alarming story to tell here. Perhaps the only one of these dangerous drugs that is getting as much national press coverage that it deserves is Rohypnol. As the DEA works toward rescheduling this date rape drug into the same category as LSD and heroin, it is becoming increasingly prevalent in the Southwest and Mid-Atlantic region. Senator Biden first warned us of the coming threat of this powerful sedative. And it is a growing problem.  Other so-called club drugs continue to rise in popularity, as well as so-called natural products found in health food stores and mail order catalogs. Often these natural products contain ephedrine--one of the key components of methamphetamine--and they induce similar effects. These drugs are especially popular among younger drug users. They are marketed by comparing their effects with those of other street drugs, and portraying them as health supplements.  This is what is happening now. The ``Pulse Check'' gives us a feel of where we are at in the fight against illegal drug use. We are still on the same downward spiral that we have been on since 1992. Drug use is climbing, acceptance is climbing, and all of the associated problems and difficulties are climbing.  The sad part is, this comes after years of declines in drug use. From 1979 to 1991, drug use fell dramatically. We were winning the fight for the future of our children. For some reason, we seem to have hit a roadblock in this success. We have moved off this successful road and have found an hauntingly familiar course where drug use numbers are again headed in the wrong direction.  Some have said that raising this concern is merely partisanship, playing politics. But kids using drugs is not political. Rising incidence of drug use is not political. Talking seriously about the drug problem in America is not partisan. It is an exercise in responsibility. I would welcome the President to come out and say ``Drugs are bad. Don't do drugs. If someone offers you a joint, if someone offers you a snort of cocaine, just say no.'' Unfortunately, after a few public remarks on the issue, the President has, once again, lapsed into silence. We have had a stealth drug policy. It is clear, however, that this approach has simply not worked.  But let's not mistake criticism for partisanship. Since 1992, teenage drug use has surged. Acceptance of drug use by teens has also risen dramatically. These are not partisan conclusions. These are the facts. Modern music, movies, and even clothing depict drugs as ``hip.'' This is a radical change from the eighties when the message was loud and consistent: ``Just say no!''  Here in the Capitol, both sides of the aisle have spoken often on this issue. Many have issued the warning that we must change our message now. There are 39 million members of the ``baby bust'' generation who are beginning to face the choice of whether or not to use drugs. They will be faced with the choice of saying no, or trying drugs that are more potent and more addicting than what was available before. When this generation looks around to see what their leaders are saying, we need to be there loud and strong. We have been down this road before. And we know what strong leadership can accomplish. From 1979 to 1992, drug use fell at a fairly steady pace. It was not always a smooth ride, but we were headed in the right direction.  Congress, too, needs to do its part. We cannot be satisfied with rhetoric and hearings. I would encourage my colleagues to support the drug czar's proposal to reprogram $250 million from the Department of Defense to the Office of National Drug Policy, as well as increased funding for the International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Effort at the State Department.  Madam President, we need to get back on the right track. Congress needs to do its part and support funding. In March we started along this path with a $3.9 million appropriation to restaff the Office of National Drug Control Policy. We should continue by supporting the reprogramming of $250 million I just mentioned from DOD to the counterdrug effort. And I would hope that the President would join us in support and show some leadership by speaking out more on the dangers of drugs and drug use.  In closing, I hope that when the next ``Pulse Check'' on drug use is released, I will have some good news to share with my colleagues. Unless we change directions, without a change in message, and without a show of strong moral leadership, I fear this will not happen.  I yield the floor.  