 President, for those awaiting the floor, I will only be here for another 3 or 4 minutes. I started a week ago to speak about the 150th anniversary of the State of Iowa, which we are celebrating with a congressional reception on June 26 on The Mall outside the Smithsonian Institution. I hope all of my colleagues will come to that and see some of the exhibits over the next 2 weeks honoring our 150th anniversary of our State.  I had a chance earlier this week to speak about the only Iowan to become President, Herbert Hoover. I want to speak today about something that is really great about Iowa, our educational system.  Our country's Founding Fathers, of course, had a very clear vision about America's public schools and firmly believed that excellence in education is paramount to the growth and prosperity of America. Iowa benefited from a pattern that was set by the central government, even before we had a U.S. Constitution, when the Northwest Compact was adopted in 1786, when land was set aside for public education in the new territories. That tradition continued west of the Northwest Compact area to be included in the traditions of education throughout the upper Midwest.  Today, in honor of Iowa's sesquicentennial celebration, I am proud to be able to tell you that Iowa's educational system is a working example of what our Founders had in mind. Iowa's high standard of excellence in education began in one-room rural school houses on the prairie. That same standard can now be seen in advanced academic settings across our State, both in the urban areas as well as the rural areas and small towns of Iowa.  The one-room rural school environment ended in the 1950's, but there is still the foundation in today's educational system of the personal interest of teacher and student in each other that comes from that one-room rural tradition.  Today, though, I am proud to share with you accomplishments of Iowa's increasingly diverse student population. I commend the continued dedication to education not only of students and teachers, as I have already said, but of parents and the volunteer school board members as well as school administrators across the State. Their combined daily efforts are a key part in the continued success of the Iowa public school system and the Iowa private school system.  Iowans are proud of our commitment to quality education for all children. It is a commitment that has earned national and international respect. Iowa's excellence in education is a direct result of its local control of schools and community-level responsibility. For decades, Iowa students have received the highest quality education and performed well above national averages in academic assessment.  It is estimated that 88 percent of Iowa students graduate from high school. What's more, each year Iowa's rate of students pursuing post-secondary education and other post-high school training continues to grow.  Iowa's high literacy rate is a key component of the success of Iowa's students. We rank as No. 1 of the 50 States in literacy. And, individuals in Iowa read more books than those in any other State on a per capita basis. The active involvement of some 525 public libraries, 7 regional libraries, and 62 academic libraries is testimony to Iowa's commitment to the advancement of knowledge.  Iowa's young scholars have ranked at the highest level in the Nation for a number of years in college testing assessments. In fact, for 6 of the last 7 years, Iowa has ranked first of all the 50 States in the SAT tests--and either first or second vis-a-vis Minnesota or Wisconsin, depending upon what year you are looking at, as tops in the ACT test.  In addition to Iowa's 390 public school districts and 235 non-public school districts, educators across the Nation rely on the Iowa Tests of Basic Skills and Iowa Tests of Educational Development to assess student achievement in grades 3 through 12. These two standardized achievement tests, developed by the Iowa Testing Program in Iowa City, where our university is located, provide teachers nationwide with unique supplementary information of the students that are in their organizations. This information bears on decisions about academic objectives, instructional materials, and learning environments for students in elementary and secondary schools.  I also want to acknowledge the proud tradition, although it is a relatively new tradition of about 30 years, of Iowa's 15 community colleges. Prior to the community college we had a student system of junior colleges throughout Iowa. But it was not statewide. The community college system developed 30 years ago is a statewide system of community colleges so that all students throughout the entire State of Iowa have access to a community college.  Each year, thousands of students in Iowa have successful academic experiences through one of Iowa's 15 community college districts. Last year, over 50 percent of the new freshmen in Iowa colleges and universities were enrolled at public community colleges. Year after year, these community colleges award thousands of high school equivalency GED diplomas for that 12 percent of our students who do not graduate from high school. Iowa's community colleges provide a myriad of curricula options for students whether they are seeking a degree or whether they want just a few courses. Our State's community colleges promote the concept that is a fact of life in our technological age--that education does not begin at kindergarten and stop with a college degree. Today, for people of all ages, education is a continuing process throughout life, including the formalized aspect of education that comes through an institution.  So access, quality, and responsiveness, are the three fundamental concepts upon which the community colleges' mission was developed and the principles which guide their growth and development that began 30 yearsago and is an expanding and more influential aspect of education in Iowa all the time.  Iowa's long history of academic excellence meets the high standards that our Founding Fathers set over 150 years ago when our State was established. With ongoing dedication from students, parents, teachers and school officials, I am confident that Iowa's education system will continue its path of growth and success as we continue our history and development as a leading State in the Nation.  I look forward to these new developments in education for today's leaders and future generations of American students.  