 President, we are talking this evening and voting tomorrow on whether to add another amendment to the Constitution of the United States. Our Constitution has had 27 amendments added to it in 209 years. If you do not count the Bill of Rights, the first 10 amendments, then it has been amended 17 times in about 205 years. That is not very many times.  Most times that we have amended the Constitution it has been when it has become an absolute necessity. We do not revise this sacred document otherwise.  I support the balanced budget amendment that is before us. I had a chance to vote on it last year, when it failed by one vote. I supported it in 1994, when it failed by two or three votes, I believe. I voted on it in other versions in previous years. I very much support the principle of having a constitutional amendment and to have our Constitution then say that Congress should live within its income. I think this is very, very good discipline that results from such a constitutional provision, a discipline that we see in State legislative bodies. I think about 46 States have such requirements. Their requirements make legislative bodies, whether controlled by liberals or by conservatives, fiscally responsible. Fiscally responsible is mainly interpreted as living within your annual income. As families must live within that income, as businesses live within that income, thesame discipline ought to apply to the Federal Government.  Many of our early constitutional Framers, early statesmen, and early political leaders, believed in that principle so strongly that they did not feel it had to be put in the Constitution. For maybe 170 years, living within our means, was really not much of a problem. But in the last generation, the Congress and even leaders in the executive branch have gone hog wild on spending money. They have not cared about building up a tremendous debt that puts an obligation on future generations. They failed to consider it an immoral obligation that we have given to other generations.  Living beyond our income is an expression of materialism that is too rampant in American society. Living beyond one's income, in and of itself, is a major problem. Possibly, the Federal deficit is just an expression of our societal excess. But to some extent, maybe the lack of leadership shown by us in the Congress of the United States on the principle of not balancing the Federal budget is an example of not living within our income and has fed that base materialism of the American people. I see our discussion today and the amendment we are dealing with as an effort to reject that sort of fiscal policy and reject the materialism that it promotes within our American society.  So we have another chance on this vote for a balanced budget constitutional amendment. Who knows, maybe some think this is the last chance. I do not think it is the last chance if we do not pass this tomorrow. This is not going to go away, so people might as well realize that eventually the wisdom of the American people is going to win out. Their wisdom is that Government ought to live within its income, just like families must live within their income and businesses must live within their income or otherwise go bankrupt.  When is the day of bankruptcy for America? Maybe we cannot predict it. It might be next year, or it might be 10 years from now, but there is always a day of reckoning when you are not fiscally responsible. The same principles apply whether it is Government or whether it is families or businesses.  I am thankful for Senator Dole's wisdom in reversing his vote so that he could file this motion to reconsider the balanced budget amendment and we can have another opportunity to do right what we did wrong last year. He gave us another vote on this important amendment.  Of course, I am also thankful for the U.S. Constitution, including all of its inherent imperfections. It may be imperfect, but our Constitution has continued longer than any other written form of government. I believe that this is because it is a living, breathing, and evolving document. Indeed, it is evolution that we seek.  Originally, it sought to fulfill the promises of the Declaration of Independence, and that declaration grew out of our Nation's ordeal that we remember as the Revolutionary War. People at that time were, literally, bleeding for a crusade of liberty that they believed in. They knew the oppression of a distant authoritarian monarchy. They had a yearning to be free. They believed that freedom was bestowed upon them by their creator, and the Constitution reflects that.  The Declaration of Independence was a promise of liberty. The Constitution--this Constitution that I hold in my right hand--is a fulfillment of that promise. It continues to fulfill the promise not of politicians, but of the hearts of the people of our Nation.  I believe that American people, again, sense themselves oppressed by a distant authoritarian power. That authoritarian power is Washington. It has evolved, as such, since the Constitutional Convention of 1787. The oppression that the American people feel is an ever-increasing national debt and the heavy hand of big government. That big government comes as a result of more laws and more expenditures and more programs that are not paid for on a current basis. Rather, they are left to our children and our grandchildren.  Big government, aided and abetted by Congresses and Presidents, appropriates the future liability and promissory notes of our children and our grandchildren. History teaches us that modern day Presidents and Congresses cannot resist the temptation to spend us into oblivion. Those who oppose this balanced budget amendment speak with little credibility when they propose with sanctimony some alternative way. We have tried their alternative way, and it failed.  In last year's debate, Mr. President, we were told we did not need this constitutional amendment, because if you want to balance the budget, you could just go do it without it being required by the law of the land. So we worked 8 months, in 13 committees, on a 1,800-page Balanced Budget Act of 1995. We sent it to the President around Thanksgiving time. The President vetoed our work on December 5, 1995. We received not one bit of help from people who said we did not need a constitutional amendment. They thought that we could just do it, but they were wrong.  How many times did we hear on the Senate floor, just do it, and we did it without the constitutional amendment, without the help of people who said, just do it. Then, we got a veto from a President who says now he believes in a balanced budget. At the time of the veto he had not presented a balanced budget. We still do not have it, and we will not know if we will have it, even though we are going through the process of resolving to balance the next fiscal year's budget.  I have come to the conclusion that the only viable alternative is with a congressional commitment to a balanced budget through the constitutional amendment that we have before us. Living within our means must be the law of the land. Americans must know that we current legislators, and those who follow us, cannot enslave future generations to distant creditors. If there is any inalienable right, Mr. President, surely it is the one to know that you are not burdened for the cost of something that you did not have any opportunity to enjoy.  In 1775, Alexander Hamilton said something pertinent on this issue. He said:       The sacred rights of mankind are not to be rummaged for      among old parchments, or musty records. They are written, as      with a sunbeam, in the whole volume of human nature, by the      hand of the divinity itself; and can never be erased or      obscured by mortal power.  Mr. President, this means that the people's will is the law, and the Constitution only becomes the law as enumeration of the people's will. It tells us that sooner or later the American people will again have their balanced budget, like they did for most of the first 170-year history of our country. The people will not ultimately be oppressed by our spending habits. If we do not show a commitment to a balanced budget, the people will balance the budget with a future Congress. Their first step toward that balance will be to replace the current Congress with its irresponsible spending habits. Our first step to avoid being replaced should be to pass a resolution for this amendment and send it to the States for their review.  The key to passing a balanced budget amendment is its abundant grassroots, bipartisan support. This support reflects the fact that Americans support the amendment by very, very large margins. It should, therefore, have passed this body a long time ago by equally large margins, but it has not. It has not because some Members of the other party have decided to play politics. Some want to try to deny any victory to Republicans for purely political reasons.  I think the American people deserve better. I think that the American people deserve a Government that responds to the will of the American people. They deserve a Government that spends only what it takes in; in other words, a Government that does what simple, common sense dictates.  Somehow, common sense eludes us. In the past, year after year, Members of one Chamber or the other voted down this constitutional amendment, and year after year, the budget deficit increased. Meanwhile, year after year, our children have been saddled with increasingly larger debt.  The American people, I think, expressed their desire to eliminate the burden when they elected a Republican Congress in 1994 for the first time in 40 years.  A balanced budget would mean a stronger economy, good Government, and more jobs produced by that stronger economy. DRI-McGraw Hill, whichhas been called the world's leading nonpartisan economic analysis and forecasting firm, has concluded that the balanced budget amendment would add credibility to budgeting.  This credibility would lead to lower interest rates and a stronger economy. Mr. Greenspan, the Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, says that for individuals balancing the budget would yield $2,300 less interest on a 30-year home mortgage, $603 less interest per year on a student loan, and $150 less per year on car loans. So we are talking about real economic benefit coming from our passing something like the failed Balanced Budget Act of 1995. Possibly we will succeed this year.  This same firm found that the lower interest rates resulting from the balanced budget amendment could create half the necessary savings needed to balance the budget in the first place. This is because interest on the debt is such a large portion of our Federal budget. Lower interest rates then mean lower payments.  I believe that the American people are willing to do their part to prevent future generations from being saddled with an unconscionable amount of debt. They are willing to do so even if it means that some Federal spending they support would be affected. This is especially true if our budgeting is done fairly.  I am reminded by a constituent of mine who told me he was a lifelong Democrat. He now votes Republican because he is certain that if we do not stop spending more than we take in, we will be the ruin of our children and grandchildren.  That is what this debate is all about today. It is about passing on the American dream to our children and our grandchildren. Americans of all political persuasions are realizing that the role of the Federal Government must be limited. Even the people of the other party are taking that view now in this town. So messages from the grassroots, expressed in the last election, are getting through, not only to Republicans, but to Democrats as well.  They know that all Federal programs have not delivered what had been promised. They also know that the sums of money that are spent on these costly programs are tremendous. Many of these programs have failed or are filled with waste and abuse.  I hope that the Senators who may have supported this amendment in the past, particularly in 1994 when it was the same wording as it is now--they changed their mind last time because of pressure from the White House--will come back to the original position they had when their party controlled the Congress. That was a time when their President was not fighting the language of this amendment.  It seems what was OK in 1994 should have been all right in 1995. Senators have one more opportunity in 1996 to correct that mistake. I think the reason to do it is because our children's future is too important for us to ignore this opportunity.  I have spoken before about my first involvement in legislation to balance the budget. It was not a constitutional amendment. It was a law to require a balanced budget. There was a Senator by the name of Harry F. Byrd from Virginia at that time. I think it was in 1978. I was a Member of the other body. I worked with Senator Byrd to pass a simple law that says, ``The Federal Government shall not spend more than it takes in.''  That was a very well-intentioned but law. Quite frankly, as I look back on it, it unfortunately was a very weak response to a very serious problem that was a lot less serious then than it is today. Because under our Constitution, as you know, succeeding Congresses can obliterate anything that a preceding Congress has done.  I learned an important lesson from that Byrd-Grassley legislation. Congress needs help with self-discipline. Each of the prior efforts to balance the budget, whether it was the Byrd-Grassley law or whether it was Gramm-Rudman I, Gramm-Rudman II, or other budget agreements in the 1990's, have all failed because they can be changed so easily.  Pure and simple, big government is addicted to big spending and the big debt that results therefrom. That is why a constitutional amendment is necessary. A constitutional amendment, though difficult to get adopted in the first place, is also difficult to change. It cannot be changed like Gramm-Rudman I or II was changed. So it would not be changed by a simple unwillingness of legislative bodies to follow its mandate and bite the bullet.  We take an oath to uphold this Constitution every 6 years when we are sworn into the Senate. We see the effective restraint that a constitutional provision brings to the States, as I have spoken of already. Because State legislatures that are controlled by conservative Republicans or liberal Democrats take a similar oath, the rule of law that follows it applies and is strictly adhered to.  So only the balanced budget amendment that is before us will ultimately restrain runaway Government spending. A new day will come when we have a constitutional amendment disciplining our spending appetites. The Senate's passage of the balanced budget amendment would show the public that we have decided to get serious about protecting the American dream and passing that dream on to our children and grandchildren. It is in doubt today with big debt, high interest rates, and a growth in the economy that is slower than it takes to sustain the American dream for our expanding population.  Because of high interest rates and high taxes, there are 3 million jobs that have not been created in the present recovery since 1992 that would have been created in other normal recoveries since World War II.  Our beloved, but imperfect, Constitution has allowed us to endanger the American dream because we have not yet added the written philosophy that our forefathers had in their hearts and practiced in the Congress. They did not put it into the Constitution because they did not think it was necessary. Now, 209 years later, we find it absolutely necessary to protect our way of life. We have an imperfect document except that the Framers gave us article V so that the people can change the Constitution when necessary.  The people are now asking us to vote to allow them the opportunity to amend the Constitution. Amending the Constitution is a prescription for protecting the American dream. So this vote that we have tomorrow is referendum in giving our constituents, particularly the younger ones, the right to preserve the American dream. In my view, that is an absolute necessity. It is a very clear choice between responsible spending or losing the American dream and our way of life. I yield the floor.  