 President, this summary action would not conflict with the goals of the two Senators from North Dakota who have just spoken, but is to point out where we are.  If, in fact, we have a year extension of the present farm bill, a couple things for certain will happen. First, immediately farmers will have to pay out of their cash flow last year's advance deficiency payment, because grain prices are higher now, at a time when some farmers did not get any crops and do not have that capability. If you have a 1-year extension, as opposed to the Freedom to Farm Act, money that would have gone from the Federal Treasury to the farm economy absolutely will not go.  So I do not quite understand why people on the other side of the aisle say that the ``Freedom to Farm'' agriculture bill is a sure, certain way to kill off the family farmers when their 1-year extension puts no money into agriculture whatsoever and the Freedom to Farm Act would.  What we get with the Freedom to Farm Act is certainty. We know in the bill that the President vetoed, albeit less money than has been spent on agriculture over a long period of time, we know the certainty of $43.5 billion in agriculture programs over the next 7 years. That is $6 billion to $7 billion for 1996 that would go into agriculture that under the Democratic proposal that we have been talking about here in the last hour would not be going to agriculture.  That $6 to $7 billion next year, because of moving toward the marketplace for income from agriculture, will gradually decline probably to $4 billion in the year 2002. But we know right now in the bill that the President vetoed that there would be $43.5 billion going into agriculture. We know that it would be under contract to the individual farmers, and because of that contractual obligation, the same as the annual payment that goes for the Conservation Reserve Program being honored by subsequent budget decisions made by Congress, will not be changed. That $43.5 billion is a sure thing.  Would my colleagues who promote a simple 1-year extension of the existing farm bill say that that 1-year extension brings certainty to agriculture? They are proposing something good for agriculture as opposed to what we Republicans propose of $43.5 billion for certain to go into agriculture? That is what the President of the United States vetoed.  The other thing is, as we delay making decisions for agriculture with a 1-year extension, we are going to be delaying it until 1997. If you have a 2-year extension, you are going to be delaying it to 1998. The way the Congressional Budget Office scores anything in the budget, and as you apply that to agriculture, we could be losing baseline flexibility to do something for agriculture in the near future. We have already lost $8 billion just because the President vetoed the farm bill. It is proposed by the House Agriculture Committee that if we have a 1-year extension, we could lose another $6 billion from the baseline.  Now, for people on the other side of the aisle that want a 1-year extension of the farm bill, how can you say that you are helping agriculture if you are gradually chipping away at the baseline, the fiscal baseline for agriculture in our budget? You say you are a friend of agriculture, and you want to do that? That would not sell in my State to the very same farmers that my friends from North Dakota say that they talked to in the coffee shops.  The other is a simple extension of the 1995 farm bill for 1 or 2 years, which denies the reality of the international trade situation, the environment of the new GATT agreement, which this Congress approved a year ago. The GATT agreement is freeing up trade in agriculture and other commodities so that we are going to have a much more free-trading environment and an agriculture that tends to take more in 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 than in the early years of the GATT agreement. But we are moving to a point where, by freeing up trade in agriculture, farmers are going to be able to get more money from the marketplace and less from the Federal Treasury. Where I come from, that is what the farmers want. They want to be able to compete. They know that with our efficiency in agriculture, we can compete, we will compete, and the provisions of the Freedom to Farm Act, besides nailing down $43.5 billion from this transition from a Government-regulated agriculture to a free market agriculture, where we can compete in the world market, it also has the flexibility for the farmers to plant according to the marketplace, not according to the political decisions made here in Washington. That means that they are going to be able to plant the number of acres of corn or soybeans--those are the two prominent crops in my State--that fit the marketplace, the realities of the marketplace, not decisions that are made in the U.S. Department of Agriculture downtown by bureaucrats, who are removed from the realities of the marketplace that end up having farmers plant according to the historical bases that there are for corn and other crops on their respective farms.  What a way to make a decision in agriculture. Is that better than the market planting decision that can respond to the marketplace, a planting decision that fits into the reality of the freeing up of international trade, where our farmers can compete very well with any foreign competition?  The first thing is the $43.5 billion. The second is flexibility to plant according to the marketplace. The third point is that we will no longer be setting aside our productive capacity that we have and letting acres of rich farmland lay idle from year to year. We are going to allow every acre to be planted so that we send a signal to all of our competitors around the world that we know there is a growing world demand for exports out there. We are going to compete in that, and we are going to produce to maximum to fill the demand of the marketplace. We are going to do that in a way that is not going to encourage any of the farmers of any of the countries of the world where productivity is not quite as good as ours to plow up their marginal farmlands and put it into productivity because they know we are taking some of our land out of production.  If there is anything about the freedom to farm proposal, it is the absolute certainty that is there. If there is anything about a 1- or 2-year extension of the present farm bill, it is the uncertainty over the period of transition to the free market and the new GATT environment in trade. Second, it is going to take, for certain, money from the farmers of America at the very same time that some of our colleagues are pleading the financial plight of those very same farmers.   So I think common sense dictates giving the farmers as much certainty as you can. They get that with freedom to farm. And it is absolutely not a part of a 1-year extension of the present farm bill.  