 President, I congratulate each of my colleagues under the leadership of the Senator from Georgia for discussing this very important issue of making sure that we get health insurance reform legislation through, that this reform legislation operates in a way so it minimizes Federal Government bureaucracy interference in the marketplace and in the doctor-patient relationship, and that we eventually reduce the cost of health care.  I think every one of these are motives for this legislation, in addition to creating a situation where people who can afford health insurance and are denied health insurance because of preexisting conditions will be able to have that guarantee of health insurance and its renewability, and also for the individuals who find it difficult in bargaining with the insurance companies for an affordable package, and also for small businesses that have a difficult time doing that, that we allow these people to come together in health insurance purchasing cooperatives to be able to do this. So I thank the Senator from Georgia for promoting this discussion at this particular time.  Regardless of all the good aspects of this bill, there is one aspect holding it up, and it is an aspect of the bill that I very much support, and that is the drive for the medical savings accounts. When I say it is a drive for medical savings accounts, it is not a drive within Congress for medical savings accounts. Medical savings accounts are an established fact of the delivery of health care in America because they have been proven out there in the private sector, but they do not have the advantages that other types of health insurance or vehicles for paying for health care have like their tax deductibility.  So if we are going to promote medical savings accounts which are proven worthy and effective in the private sector already, then they ought to have the same tax treatment that a lot of other instruments we have used for a half century have had in order to give people effective health coverage. And so this debate is about medical savings accounts. All the other good things in this bill are kind of forgotten. All the attention is on medical savings accounts, I think for one simple reason, and that one simple reason is that there are people in Washington who still believe that Washington knows best, and they do not want a system of medical savings accounts where the individual is going to make the decision of spending money on health care. They only think it can be a big insurance company or some Washington bureaucrat that can make this judgment for the individual. The success of medical savings accounts proves that tradition wrong, the tradition that Washington knows best. And so we need this legislation. It should not be held up.  Mr. President, the American people are waiting for final action on the Kennedy-Kassebaum health insurance reform legislation. They have been waiting 2 full months.  The American people want this legislation enacted because they understand that it promises portability of health insurance. They want it enacted because they understand that it would limit the practice of denying health insurance coverage to people because of preexisting conditions.  This legislation passed the House on March 28. It passed the Senate on April 23. We should have sent it to the President weeks ago, Mr. President. Why have we not?  We have not because some obstinate Senators of the other party refuse to allow the conference between the House and the Senate to proceed. They refuse to allow it to proceed because they oppose the medical savings accounts provisions. They refuse to allow it to proceed despite concessions on the MSA provisions by the Republican leadership. They refuse to allow it to proceed because the President will not tell them he wants to sign it with an MSA provision in it.  I say some Senators of the other party because many Members of the other party have supported medical savings accounts. Many still do. Thirty-eight Democrats in the House of Representatives voted for the House health insurance reform bill which included medical savings accounts. I understand the Democratic Representatives Bob Torricelli and Andy Jacobs wrote to the President 6 weeks ago to urge him to support MSA's. In the past, leading members of the other party have spoken favorably of MSA's. Two short years ago, in 1994, Representative Gephardt is quoted as saying on CNBC: ``I think its a great option.'' Then, just today according to Congress Daily, a group of moderate-to-conservative Democrats in the House of Representatives sent a letter to President Clinton asking him to sign off on the evolving GOP compromise on MSA's.  I am having a hard time understanding why some Senators are putting up such die-hard opposition to medical savings accounts, Mr. President. And I am having a hard time understanding why the President of the United States will not tell his troops in the Senate that he will sign a bill with an MSA provision in it.  Because they are a good idea. They are basically IRA's. Everybody understands IRA's. Medical savings accounts are IRA's that can only be used to pay for medical care. Individuals who have a medical savings account would also have to purchase conventional health insurance with a high deductible. This high deductible health insurance policy would protect them against truly catastrophic health care costs.  They are a good idea for several reasons:  They should make health care coverage more dependable for those who have them because they are completely portable.  Medical savings accounts are easy to administer compared to conventional insurance or to managed care plans. Therefore, administrative savings will be realized when people use them.  They put the patient back into the health care equation. People withMSA's would have complete freedom to choose their doctor. Because patients would be spending their own money, doctors would be under pressure to provide economical treatment and to discuss with their patients the costs and the benefits of particular treatments to a greater degree than they do now.  They would level the health insurance playing field by making the tax treatment of health insurance fairer. Now, employers who pay for health insurance for their employees get a tax break for what they spend. The employees get a tax break for what is essentially compensation. But in those businesses which can not afford health insurance, neither the employer nor the employee gets tax help from the Federal Government. The self-employed, who pay for their own health insurance, get no help from the Federal Government.  Medical savings accounts should increase personal savings. The tax benefit associated with Medical savings accounts should be a strong incentive to save.  They will ultimately contribute to retirement savings for many people. In the future, many people would become eligible for Medicare with substantial medical savings account balances. These could be withdrawn for any purpose at age 65.  Finally, they will help cover long-term care expenses because one of the permitted uses will be for the purchase of long-term care insurance.  Mr. President, the Republican congressional leadership has offered the President and the Democrats a compromise. The compromise would limit the opportunity to have an MSA to where the core uninsurance problem is--in the small business community and among the self-employed.  Still, some Senate Democrats refuse to let us send the Kassebaum bill to the President.  They say that the MSA provisions are in the bill only as a pay-off to a single insurance company. This is really one of the most preposterous allegations made in this debate.  A single insurance company? Then why are the MSA provisions supported by the farm community, including the American Farm Bureau Federation, Communicating for Agriculture, the National Wheat Growers, the National Grange, the National Milk Producers Federation, and the National Cattleman's Beef Association?  Why are they supported by the small business community, including the National Federation of Independent Businesses, the Business Coalition for Affordable Health Care which includes the National Association of the Self-Employed, the U.S. Federation of Small Business, the U.S. Business and Industrial Council, the National Food Brokers Association, and many other business groups.  Why are the MSA provisions supported by many physician organizations, led by the American Medical Association? Why are they supported by not just one, but several insurance companies?  A single insurance company? I do not think so, Mr. President. It is clear to anyone who wants to open their eyes. The medical savings account concept, and the specific provisions in the Kassebaum bill, are supported by a broad coalition of Americans.  Those holding up the bill say that MSA's will be used only by the young and the healthy. They say that the sick will prefer regular insurance or HMO's. Maybe they really believe it. But now we have evidence to the contrary from a recent study by the Rand Corp. The Rand study concluded that MSA's could be attractive to both the sick and the healthy.  In fact, the Rand study concluded that MSA's might not reduce health care costs as substantially as MSA proponents have claimed. Why not? Because they probably would be attractive to the sick. Furthermore, those who are sick will probably prefer to have the unrestricted freedom of choice of doctor that would come with an MSA.  If the sick and the poor would use MSA's, it hardly seems likely that MSA's would fragment the insurance pools because of adverse selection, another concern of those opposed to MSA's.  Those holding up the Kassebaum legislation argue that MSA's would appeal only to the wealthy. But Rand concluded that the ``median user would be only slightly wealthier than people in conventional insurance plans and HMOs. * * * '' Furthermore, a recent survey by the Marketing Research Institute of 1,000 workers found that a large majority of lower income workers, if given the choice, would choose MSA's.  What is really going on here, Mr. President, is that the Senators trying to stop medical savings accounts really do not want individual citizens to take charge of their own health care. They do not want the system to be controlled and driven by individual consumers in cooperation with their doctors. They are frightened to death that medical savings accounts will prove so popular with the citizenry that there will be an irresistible demand to make them available to everybody. If that happens, their dream of a nationalized health care system will be impossible to realize.  In any case, Mr. President, it seems to me that we can add medical savings accounts to the things a great many Americans want in the Kassebaum-Kennedy health insurance reform bill. Many other Americans are probably more concerned about the Kassebaum bill's portability provisions. Or about the bill's limits on the ability of insurers to deny coverage to people because of preexisting conditions. These citizens are going to have a very hard time understanding why some Senators, and the President, are denying these reforms because of opposition to the medical savings account compromise the Republican leadership is offering them.  The American people are going to get none of these reforms unless the Senators obstructing the legislation stop playing dog in the manger, and get out of the way so the American people can have the benefits of the legislation. The President needs to tell his troops in the Senate that he wants to see this bill enacted. He should tell his troops to let the conferees be appointed and to accept the MSA compromise he's been offered.  