  I rise to respond to what the Senator from Alaska said, where he is right and where he is wrong. He is right that we are paying in corporate welfare $2.1 million per ship to have these ships available, and the responsibility to the companies to provide shipping to meet their contracts, to meet our national defense needs.  That is under section 652. But when those ships are called up to deliver materiel to the war zone, then you move to page 19, and this is where the Senator from Alaska is wrong. It says:       Compensation. In general, the Secretary of Transportation      shall provide in each Emergency Preparedness Agreement fair      and reasonable compensation for all commercial transportation      resources provided pursuant to this section.  That is above that $2.1 million. So we are going to pay more if these ships are used. Then it goes on to specific requirements.       Compensation under this section shall not be less than the      contractor's commercial market charges for like      transportation resources; shall include all the contractor's      costs associated with provision and use of the contractor's      commercial resources to meet emergency requirements; in the      case of a charter of an entire vessel; shall be in addition      to and shall not in any way reflect amounts payable under      section 652.  So where the Senator from Alaska is wrong is that there are charges above and beyond the $2.1 million when our ships are called to be used.  Let me repeat what my amendment deals with--fair and reasonable costs. More importantly, ``all the contractor's costs associated with provision'' obviously includes the war bonuses, and these extraordinarily high war bonuses were $15,700 for one seaman in the Persian Gulf war compared to $300 for the regular military.  Now, let us suppose the Senator from Alaska were right about those 47 ships, that this corporate welfare is going to subsidize these companies that are making extreme amounts of profits. Then we have all the other vessels that the Department of Defense can call on and will call on to meet our national security needs, and this bill does not apply to those. In those instances, obviously this bill does not apply, but they will get war bonuses. Moreover, there is no place in this bill that says war bonuses are not going to be paid to the employees on those 47 ships. So my amendment goes to the heart of this issue, to establish equity between our regular military people and our seafarers.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  