 President, about a year ago the President appointed trustees for the Medicare fund to study Medicare, to project its problems, its solvency, and everything like that. A year ago, six trustees of the Medicare fund--and these are four people in the President's Cabinet and two citizens, one Republican and one Democrat, so altogether there would be five Democrats and one Republican--unanimously said that the Medicare program would be bankrupt in the year 2002. They also said that Congress should take immediate action to keep the long-term viability of Medicare. They asked the Republican Congress to take action to do that. We did that.  The Balanced Budget Act of 1995 is this 1,800-page bill, which took 13 committees over an 8-month period of time to put together, the first Balanced Budget Act passed by Congress in a quarter of a century, to balance the budget in 7 years. Part of this document is not only doing what President Clinton's trustees of the Medicare system asked us to do, to save it from bankruptcy, but we also gave senior citizens of America a choice that if they did not want to have traditional Medicare, we would pay for other forms of health care delivery. We would take their money and pay for it, so that they could have something if they wanted something different than Medicare. That is all in this document.  In November of last year, we presented the President of the United States not only the balanced budget, but also provisions to save Medicare, to strengthen Medicare, and to give people on Medicare, for the first time in 30 years, a choice of their medical care.  The President vetoed it. The President vetoed those Medicare reforms. He wanted people to believe that we were cutting Medicare. He was on television every day on these paid ads saying that ``Republicans are cutting Medicare.'' Under the Balanced Budget Act, Medicare would have grown at 7 percent every year. What we are spending on Medicare per beneficiary is $4,900 this year, and in 7 years we would have been spending $6,700 per Medicare recipient. Maybe it is even closer to $7,000 per Medicare recipient. So, obviously, we were not cutting anything. We were saving Medicare from bankruptcy. We were extending the life of it for another 9 or 10 years.  Well, the President vetoed it. One person is standing in the way of doing what his trustees said should be done, what the people want done, and what the Congress did. The President of the United States vetoed the first balanced budget act passed in a quarter of a century, balancing the budget in 7 years, and saving Medicare, as his trustees said. Well, the President kind of ignored what his trustees said.  But, more importantly, even before last year was out, we were finding out that Medicare was coming up short of expectations of what the income and outgo of it was, to a point of where it was going to be broke before the year 2002.  Senator Pete Domenici says that it is going to be May of the year 2001, just 6 years from now. Roland King, former chief actuary of the Health Care Financing Administration, says that it will run out in late 2000--that is 4 years from now--or early 2001, 5 years from now. There is a Richard S. Foster, who succeeded Mr. King as chief actuary, who said that the top officials at the Department of Health and Human Services would not give him permission to talk about this issue. What I am referring to here, Mr. President, is the New York Times article of today that is headlined ``New Medicare Trust Fund Data Shows Unusually Large Shortfalls.'' The subheadline is: ``Program is Solvent, But Gap Shows Weakening.''  What has happened in the 12 months since the last report? Instead of Medicare starting to spend out more than the income in 1996, it actually started to happen in 1995, and it is happening at a much faster rate than we anticipated. So, Medicare will be broke not in 7 years, not in 6 years, but maybe in 5 years.  What is kind of special about this article is this. Normally this report would be out in April every year by the trustees. It is not out yet, I imagine because it is an election year. This is bad news for this administration, which was told 12 months ago that Medicare was going to be bankrupt in the year 2002, and they vetoed the only bill presented to extend the life of it. Not only that, but the situation is worse than the report said it was 12 months ago.  It says here that Chris Jennings, a special assistant to President Clinton for health policy, said today that the new numbers were not surprising: ``They indicate the need to move forward to balance the budget and enact some changes in Medicare that will strengthen the trust fund. Republicans and Democrats should work together to address the problem.''  Get that--``Republicans and Democrats should work together to address the problem.'' Immediately after Labor Day last year, constantly Senator Dole and Speaker Gingrich were inviting the White House to sit down and reach some sort of an agreement with us, a long time before we ever put this together and finally passed it. But, no, they did not want to sit down and talk about it. Yet, we are being admonished by the White House that ``Republicans and Democrats should work together to address the problem.''  A letter to Congress last week from Treasury Secretary Robert E. Rubin suggested that Congress and the administration resume discussions to reach an agreement on Medicare and the budget. Well, we do not have that report. They say it might come out in June or July.  Do you know what they are blaming for the delay? The fact that we had snow in January. We have snow every January in the Midwest, and it does not slow down the deadlines that we have to get reports out. But the longer this report can languish in the bureaucracy downtown, as long as some faceless bureaucrat can keep it under control, then it is less out there for public consideration and for the shots that it is going to take because of that.  Mr. President, I hope that the administration will forget the fact that we had snow in January, because what is news about that? This report that is supposed to be issued in April, that was issued in April of last year, would be issued, and I will bet we will see the same Presidential appointees to the trustees tell us that Congress should do something about it. Well, if you ever wonder as part of the cynical public about Washington, DC whether Congress will ever balance the budget, it is right here in these 1,800 pages. We passed that last year. The President vetoed it. It saved Medicare from bankruptcy. We would not have to be dealing with this issue. Instead of Senator Domenici saying that we will run out of money in May of the year 2001, we would be saving that deadline for another decade down the road.  I hope, Mr. President, that the President of the United States will come forth with his report. The longer you wait to make public bad news, the worse it is for the people that are giving the bad news.  It would seem to me that the right thing to do is to simply state what the facts are, and the fact is that the situation with Medicare is much worse. It could be bankrupt in 5 more years--at the most, 6 years--and the situation is deteriorating considerably because this administration vetoed the bill that we passed last year to save Medicare.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Faircloth). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  