  Mr. President, everyday, millions of Americans get up, they have their breakfast, they pack their lunches, they send their kids off to school. In many households, over a majority, both spouses work. These are the forgotten Americans, the people who go to work every day. They are working harder and harder and taking home less and less money. Nobody is talking on this bill about that portion of America. That is the America we should be concerned about.  So I use that to remind all of my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, that we are about to vote to create a new subsidy program, a corporate welfare subsidy program. I say to my Democratic colleagues--all of them--how many times do I hear you say that we should end corporate welfare? This is an opportunity to do that, by not voting for this bill and creating a new welfare program.  I say to my Republican colleagues who, in the tax bill last year, thought it was so necessary to respond to the people's will to eliminate corporate welfare, that we had in our tax bill probably $25 billion of reduction in corporate welfare that is done through the Tax Code of the United States.  So I say to my Republican colleagues, you have an opportunity to have one less corporate welfare program on the books by not voting for this bill.  In the meantime, we have some amendments. We are about to cast votes on two of them that I have sponsored and one that Senator Harkin sponsors, a second-degree amendment, and I strongly oppose his amendment.  In a few short minutes, I am going to attempt to help my colleagues separate fact from fiction. What I share with my colleagues is not just my opinion. It is either backed by independent sources or is the learned conclusion of those who have spent a great deal of time studying the questions of maritime subsidies.  First, let me direct the attention of my colleagues to two lead editorials that were included in today's Wall Street Journal on the one hand and today's Journal of Commerce on the other, and I placed copies on your desks. Both the Wall Street Journal and the Journal of Commerce expressed strong opposition to the subsidy bill before the Senate. Remember, these are opinions of journals that are the voices of business and transportation. They oppose this corporate welfare proposal.  My colleagues should also know that the Citizens for a Sound Economy, a grassroots organization representing hundreds of thousands of Americans, are key voting my fair and reasonable rate amendment and my antilobbying amendment. Those key votes are used for their Jefferson award.  We also have Citizens Against Government Waste backing my amendments and key voting those as well.  We have the National Taxpayers Union using these amendments for their annual vote analysis.  These groups, as well as Americans for Tax Reform, all oppose this underlying legislation, which is a $1 billion corporate welfare subsidy bill.  Does our national defense, as is purported by the managers of this bill, depend upon the 47 U.S.-flag vessels that are asking for a $100 million subsidy per year? A former Bush administration official, Assistant Secretary of Defense Colin McMillan, said the answer to that question is ``No.'' He said that the issue of U.S. carriers reflagging is not a national security issue and, therefore, should be viewed in terms of economics. That is an Assistant Secretary in the last Republican administration.  Then on the other side of the aisle, most recently Cabinet heads in the Clinton administration studied this issue and made recommendations to the President on whether or not to continue subsidies. Every Senator had in his office last week a copy of the Rubin memo to President Clinton. Again, these are conclusions based upon President Clinton's Cabinet officials, their conclusions by Democratic officials, and they are not my conclusions. They said it amounts to a jobs bill to pay for high-price seafarers. Those are the conclusions from that memo.  Mr. President, as I stated last week, a number of retired admirals who earlier lent their names to an American Security Council letter endorsing this legislation--now that they have the benefit of the Rubin-Clinton memo--support my amendments to this bill and, in fact, believe further hearings should have been held before we pass such legislation. Again, those are retired admirals, not this Senator from Iowa.  To my colleague from Iowa, for his amendment and my opinion on that amendment--I suppose I gave that opinion last week, but I owe it to my colleague to state here now for a short period of time, my position.  My colleague from Iowa said that he doesn't want to sell out our merchant marines. Nobody wants to do that, but I think there is a bigger issue here, and that bigger issue is whether or not, with this corporate welfare subsidy, we will be in the process of selling out the taxpayers.  Our No. 1 responsibility is to the taxpayers of America. If my colleague from Iowa succeeds in substituting his amendment for mine, all that will be accomplished is that taxpayers will continue to get ripped off so maritime union welfare and corporate welfare will continue to be shoveled out with no restraint. And farmers, who are taxpayers as well, will not be able to ship one extra bushel of food overseas.  Taxpayers get ripped off either way. They get ripped off if the AgricultureDepartment pays for cargo preference or if the Transportation Department pays for it. The end result is the same. So I strongly oppose his amendment.  Mr. President, why do we need to adopt, then, my amendment that calls for a fair and reasonable compensation? Fair and reasonable. Who can argue with that?  That supposedly is the rationale now for all of these rates, but the bottom line of it is that the maritime industry defines what is fair and reasonable. If we don't adopt this amendment, then these subsidized carriers will collect $100 million per year from this bill and then routinely gouge taxpayers to the tune of $600 million per year.  This figure of $600 million per year is established by the Federal agencies and by the Office of Management and Budget. It is reported every year in the President's budget, and I placed a copy of this information in last Friday's Record.  Again, $600 million in backdoor cargo preference subsidies is not Chuck Grassley's estimate, it is the actual figures provided by the Office of Management and Budget.  If we protect taxpayers from price gouging under Buy America laws, then why shouldn't we do likewise under cargo preference laws?  So my amendment then, does that. It takes the Buy America market test of 6 percent and, like Buy America, says that if a Government agency is charged by a U.S.-flag carrier more than 6 percent what the market bears or, in other words, what a foreign flag might offer, then that agency can hire the foreign flag.  For years, we have been assured that taxpayers are protected by existing law that states a bid has to be a fair and reasonable rate, but Congress never defined this term and, instead, left it to the Maritime Administration, which cares not for the taxpayers.  If you can have the U.S. flags charge 400 percent over a foreign flag bid, the Maritime Administration may state that this is a fair and reasonable bid and that agency has to accept that bid. It has happened.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gorton). The Senator has used the original 10 minutes.  