 President, last week I said that the reappointment of Alan Greenspan is good news for jobs and the economy. Nothing that I have heard during the intervening time has changed my mind.  If we are truly interested in helping the American economy expand. If we truly intend to lower interest rates, then we must balance the budget. We must remove the Federal Government from the head of the line when it comes to borrowing money. It is that simple.  Being Chairman of the Federal Reserve is not an easy job. But Alan Greenspan has more than measured up to that job. He has been on the front line fighting the results of big Government spending. It is this spending that drives up interest rates. It is this spending that hurts ordinary Americans. It is this spending that is our responsibility to bring under control.  Until it is under control, it is Alan Greenspan's responsibility to try to keep the economy stable. It is his responsibility to bring confidence to the marketplace. It is his responsibility to keep inflation in check. He is doing this job well.  Earlier, I used agriculture as an example of the benefit of a balanced Federal budget. According to studies, if the Federal budget is balanced by 2002, the yearly benefit to agriculture would be $2.3 billion due to interest rate reductions. Additionally, increased agricultural cash flow from increased economic activity would be $300 million yearly. This adds up to an increase of $2.6 billion per year for the farm economy if we balance the budget. These studies are based on Congressional Budget Office estimates that short-term interest rates would decrease 1.1. percent and that long-term interest rates would decline 1.7 percent.  This is real interest rate reduction.  Looking at a balanced budget from another point of view, homeowners with an average 30-year home mortgage of $75,000 would have $37,000 over the life of the loan. This would occur with a balanced budget and subsequent interest rate drop of 2 percent.  Or a family with a 4-year car loan of $15,000 would save $900.  It is clearly better to reduce interest rates through congressional action on a balanced budget than a regulatory action by the Federal Reserve. The benefits will be much longer lasting.  In a recent article in the Institutional Investor, Federal Reserve Governor Janet Yellen, a Clinton administration appointee, asks several questions which go to the heart of what Alan Greenspan's opponents are saying. First she asks, if productivity is really increasing to the degree that growth advocates insist and current monetary policy is too restrictive, why is not unemployment rising?  Second she asks, if unemployment is above its natural rate and the potential growth rate is substantially higher than real growth, why is not inflation falling further? She answers these questions with this statement: ``The fact that inflation has been relatively stable for the past two years suggests an economy operating in the neighborhood of it potential output.''  How well put.  I would also point out that among the Governors of the Federal Reserve who have or are serving with Alan Greenspan there has been no fundamental disagreement about monetary policy. There would be dissention at the Fed if Mr. Greenspan's opponents had any credibility to their arguments at all.  I compliment Chairman Greenspan on his ability, in the light of the fiscally irresponsible Congresses of the past, to give stability to our economy. We have only to look at the record number of new highs that are being achieved by the stock market. This is real economic growth.  As I said last week, if we want to encourage economic growth we have no farther to look than ourselves. Balancing the Federal budget will promote and ensure real economic growth. And balancing the budget is our responsibility, not that of the Federal Reserve. It is time that we accept that responsibility and not try to look for scapegoats.  Let us start by continuing our efforts to bring the budget into balance and by confirming Alan Greenspan as Chairman of the Federal Reserve.  