 I thought he would take issue with some of the people I quoted who made other observations, and I would like to give some examples.  The observation that James Stewart made in his book ``Blood Sport.'' He said the story of Whitewater is about the arrogance of power, about ``what people think they can get away with as an elected official, and then how candid and honest they are when questioned about it.''  Charles Krauthammer, a syndicated columnist, observed why the White House was covering up Travelgate and Whitewater even though there were not any crimes. In January, he noted that ``the vanity of the Clintons is . . . that they are morally superior.'' He said, ``The offense is hypocrisy of a high order. Having posed as moral betters, they had to cover up. At stake is their image.''  The observation of Rouvain Benison, a Democrat, who was quoted in the Washington Post on March 24. He said, ``Whitewater is a symptom, the lack of moral leadership, of moral integrity, strength, courage--all the good things in a person's character.''  The observation of Eric Pooley of Time magazine. He wrote recently that, with this White House, ``speeches are as important as substance and rhetoric becomes its own reality.'' He then quotes a senior White House adviser as saying, ``Words are actions.'' In other words, it is not important what the President does; just listen to what he says.  These are all examples that I have given over the past months in speeches on the floor. I am merely compiling the observations of others, of respected, credible individuals. This is what I thought my friend from Arkansas would have responded to, because the important issue is moral leadership, leading by example, and the many instances--across the board--in which this President has failed to show such leadership.  My friend from Arkansas knows, Mr. President, that I take seriously andsincerely what Teddy Roosevelt said. I have quoted Teddy Roosevelt a few times on this floor. To paraphrase, he said Americans have a responsibility to critique the President more than any other person in America. To not do so is both base and servile.  My friend also knows that I have spoken out about the leadership of Presidents of my own party. President Reagan busted the budget with his defense spending. I questioned his wisdom and leadership in cracking down on welfare queens while letting welfare queens in the defense industry squeeze through the cracks. I questioned President Bush when he proposed raising taxes in 1990. He promised he would not, but he did; and I criticized him.  Now I am criticizing this President, President Clinton, for failing to set a good example across the board. It is a pattern. It is pervasive. It encourages more cynicism by our people.  If we want to set a good example for the young people of this country and for the next generation, if we want to stop the growing cynicism in this country toward our elected leaders and our institutions, then we must begin by setting higher standards of conduct for ourselves. We must set a good example for our country.  When we do not, Mr. President, when we do not do that, it is precisely because of a failure of moral leadership. I yield the floor.  