 President, I introduce the Fairness in Judicial Taxation Act of 1996. I would like to thank Senator Hatch, Senator Kassebaum, and Congressman Manzullo for their leadership on this issue. I hope that both the House and Senate will move quickly to pass this bill.  This important piece of legislation will curb the awesome power that the Federal courts gave themselves in the Supreme Court Case of Missouri versus Jenkins. As this body well knows, in that case the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that Federal courts could force towns and cities across America to raise taxes--even if State law forbids a tax increase. Amazingly, the Supreme Court failed to place any effective limitation on this power.  This is outrageous and violates one of the basic principles our great Nation was founded on--no taxation without representation. I really can't think of a more un-American creature than a tax imposed by an unelected, unaccountable Federal judge. I urge my fellow Senators to remember--the power to tax is the power to destroy.  This Congress is working hard to reduce the tax burdens on American families and small businesses. It would be a dereliction of duty not to do what we can to protect the American taxpayer from the destructive power of judge-imposed taxes.  Today, I expect to be appointed to a national commission which is charged with looking into ways to change the way the IRS operates so that it will be fairer to the American taxpayer. The bill I introduce today is intended to deal with the same sort of problem--helping to protect the American people from the abusive use of Federal power in the collection of taxes.  In my view, and I believe in the view of the vast majority of American taxpayers, it doesn't matter where the abuse comes from--the IRS or some Federal judge. The bottom line is that the scale has tipped too far in the direction of the Federal Government and away from protecting the rights of the American people.  Now, we cannot by statute overturn Missouri versus Jenkins. And we don't have the votes to pass a constitutional amendment. Since the Supreme Court has spoken, and we are stuck with judge-imposed taxes, the Fairness in Judicial Taxation Act goes as far as we can. The bill sets up a six-part test which must be met before a judge can compel the raising of taxes. In brief, before a court could impose a tax, the judge would have to prove:  That there is no way--other than a tax--to achieve justice; right now, courts can compel the raising of taxeswithout even looking to see what else can be done;  The tax won't in reality make the problems the tax is supposed to fix even worse;  That the tax will not force property owners to leave the area, thereby actually reducing the amount of tax revenue for the town or city;  The proposed tax will not cause property values to plummet; when property owners leave to avoid judge-imposed taxes, this can cause the value of land and property to go through the floor;  The tax will not override tax caps set by local law; in Missouri versus Jenkins, the Supreme Court actually ruled that Federal Judge can strike down local tax caps;  The proposed tax will effectively redress only the narrow issue before the court; in some cases, Federal judges have used judge-imposed taxation plans to pay for vast social engineering schemes.  As you can see, Mr. President, these six factors will make it difficult--but not impossible--for courts to raise taxes. I wish we could just overturn Missouri versus Jenkins, but we can't. So, this is the next best thing.  Importantly, the Fairness in Judicial Taxation Act gives everyday, average Americans the right to go before the court and be heard on the issue of tax increases. Congress might not be able to force courts not to raise taxes, but we can at least make the courts listen to people who will be harmed by the tax increase. And anyone who wants to, and who has appeared before the judge to oppose the tax, can file their own independent appeal--immediately, and not at the end of the court case, which can drag on for many years.  Mr. President, this bill is good and fair and reasonable. It returns power back to the American people in a real and effective way. 