  Mr. President, you just heard the last two arguments. The basis of those arguments is blue smoke. The savings promised--now I am talking about savings promised--by the Defense Department through infrastructure reforms should have occurred regardless of all these letters that have been referenced here, all the letters that my friends are referring to.  The money was supposed to go toward modernization, but it did not materialize. I will not tolerate throwing good money after bad, and that is why I am offering this amendment.  I want to elaborate just a little bit on savings promised that never materialized. I want to say that there is another good colleague of ours, Senator John McCain, who is a member of the Armed Services Committee. He put out a white paper entitled ``Ready Tomorrow: Defending America's Interest in the 21st Century.'' On page 23, he had this to say:       We must, therefore, look for ways to do more with less, and      we must make the hard choices to ensure the best military      force within the limited resources available for defense.  That is the essence of my amendment. I am not saying Senator McCain is for my amendment. I am just saying Senator McCain is a member of the Armed Services Committee and in that one sentence and throughout his entire paper lays out a basis to end this belief that we have around here, particularly on this side of the aisle, that all you have to do is throw more money at defense and you get more defense.  If I thought that the Defense Department was trying to save money, I might feel differently about adding $11.3 billion to the defense budget. The extra $11.3 billion would be used primarily for modernization.  The weapons and equipment that the military purchased over the past 20 years obviously is starting to age. If we are to maintain our military edge in the future, then we must begin to replace all this stuff at some point. I agree, but my Republican colleagues want the extra $11.3 billion to get the ball rolling, and I do not think that ball is ever going to roll.  From day one, senior defense officials, like Secretary Perry, have been making an important promise: New weapons would be bought with savings from lower infrastructure costs.  Mr. President, all the evidence indicates that the promised savings are nowhere on the horizon. The General Accounting Office has just completed a review of the defense infrastructure costs. Infrastructure dollars are spent to maintain the bases, facilities, and activities that house and sustain the armed services. They are support costs.  In a nutshell, this is what the GAO found:       Despite four rounds of base closures and dramatic and      continuing cuts in force structure, there are no savings.  Defense infrastructure costs are going up, not down. The driving force behind the base closure effort was to save money by reducing overhead. Our base structure exceeded the needs of our sinking force structure. The whole idea was to close excess bases and to save money.  Once again, savings promised by the Pentagon have evaporated into thin air. Here was a golden opportunity to save money, and the Pentagon blew it.  I know base closings require upfront costs, in some cases substantial. But upfront costs are supposed to be followed by downstream savings. That is Mr. Perry's promise; that is Mr. Perry's testimony before the committee. He has identified $10 billion in savings. Mr. Perry promised the money would be used for the modernization that my colleagues are calling for here.  That is fine and dandy, but where is the $10 billion in savings? The GAO cannot find the money. It has audited the books and finds infrastructure costs will rise significantly in the outyears.  It is true, base closings did, in fact, produce some real savings, but underscore ``did,'' which is past tense. Unfortunately, as soon as those savings popped up on the radar screen, Pentagon bureaucrats grabbed the money and spent it. The money is not being plowed into modernization and readiness, as Mr. Perry promised. Those savings are being diverted into new infrastructure projects, like new headquarters.  