 I hope we will be able to do today what we were not able to do in late June when I discussed this very same issue on the Defense authorization bill. I hope that I have a chance to have some dialog in a very formal way of educating our colleagues about this issue I am raising, and I hope to have that with some members of the Senate Armed Services Committee as well as prominent members of the Senate Appropriations Committee who are in the Chamber.  To remind my colleagues, this is the issue of whether or not we need 12 more Marine generals. This issue, I admit, appears to be micromanaging the Defense Department. Most of my speeches on the Defense Department come during the budget debate, the budget resolution debate which is very much a macro-approach on defense expenditures.  I think, however, that in the sense of micromanaging we raise a point of how money is being spent because if my amendment which I will offer would be adopted, I do not pretend to subtract big dollars from the appropriations bill that is before us. The issue here is a broader issue of what are the priorities within our military establishment. We hear from the Secretary of Defense, we hear from the Senate Armed Services Committee, and maybe we all agree, of the need for modernization of the military, the updating of our capabilities, that spending money on that is a very high priority. And so we are seeing in the days now beyond the cold war era and also in the era of efforts to reduce the deficit and hopefully to balance the budget, a military force structure that is downsizing.  So if it appears to be micromanaging, it is only because it is so very obvious that when you have a downsizing taking place, why are we ``topsizing'' the administrative overhead in the form of more brass at the top. The Marines like to say--and I think they have every right to say this--they are looking for ``a few good men.'' Obviously, today we amend that, that the Marines are looking for a few good men and women.  I think most of us remember that slogan on TV or we saw it in a magazine or we even saw it on bumper stickers. For me, these words always spoke the truth, because even though I have not been in the military I had a brother that proudly served in World War II in the Marines, and I remember as a teenager putting as many of his Marine emblems on as I could because I wanted to be just like my brother. And so I have great admiration for any branch of military service, but if there is one that I always thought most of it was the Marines because of my brother. And whether then in World War II, when they had 485,000 troops with 70 generals, or today, when they have 173,000 with 68 generals, you can only conclude that the Marine Corps is small but it is very tough, it is very disciplined, and, quite frankly, in every sense it is very different from the Army, the Navy, and the Air Force. The Marines are proud of it, and Americans ought to be proud of it.  But when I see these proposals that come before us, I think something has changed, that the Marines are not just looking for a few good men and women anymore. With this appropriation bill, and with the authorization bill, they are looking for a few more generals, 12 to be exact. The Marines want the extra generals at a time when the Marine Corps is getting smaller.  Let me say, I hoped to have dialog with the Senate Armed Services Committee on this. But this issue that is included in the Senate Armed Services Committee bill was very hotly debated in the deliberations of the House Armed Services Committee, and the House Armed Services Committee rejected--rejected--the Marine Corps' attempt to authorize 12 more generals. So, even within this Congress there is a diverse opinion on whether or not this is justified. So they want extra generals.  The other services downsizing like the Marine Corps. The Department of Defense has cut the number of general officers in the other services by 20 percent. You will see from the chart here how this is divided up, but a total figure has dropped by 204 since we have had the downsizing of the military, from 1,055 in 1987 to 851 in 1995. So, why does the Marine Corps need a few more generals to lead fewer men and women?  You see here, the Army has gone from about 400 in 1987 down to this figure that is under 300. The Air Force has gone from 335 down to just a little over 300. The Navy, at 250-plus admirals, down just a little bit, but down some. The Marine Corps has been very steady right here--very steady during this period of time. I am not arguing here that the Marines should have downsized in the number of general officers. I am not arguing that at all. I am just arguing for the point of view that the downsizing has gone on and there has been a downsizing in the number of generals and admirals. The Marines have been very steady. I am arguing that they should not be going up.  While this is going down, why, then, do we raise this up considerably, by 12,by another 20 percent, more generals to lead fewer men and women? Why is the Marine Corps trying to have more brass at the top when the bottom is getting smaller? Why is the Marine Corps top-sizing when, in fact, throughout the branches it is downsizing? Why does the Marine Corps want more generals when junior officers and sergeants are getting thrown out?  Of course, Mr. President, the heart and soul of the Marine Corps are its 27 infantry battalions. This is what the Marine Corps is all about. Everything the Marine Corps does is focused on moving, protecting, and supporting these 27 battalions. If those 27 battalions are not healthy, then the Marine Corps is not strong.  A doctor has been examining the vital signs of the 27 battalions, and they are not up to snuff. There are, in fact, critical shortages within the Marines. It does not happen to be whether or not they need 12 more generals. The critical shortage is of platoon commanders and sergeants. Lieutenants and sergeants are the ones who train the force and keep it ready to go. If war broke out, they would lead these units in battle. So why is the Marine Corps adding generals when there is a critical shortage of sergeants? The Marine Corps could buy the sergeants it needs at the price of the 12 generals it is asking for.  I raised, as I said before, these questions on June 26 when the Defense authorization bill was on the floor. Senator Warner responded to my question on June 28. I did not have an opportunity to have a dialog with him on the floor of the Senate on it, but he spent a great deal of time, I am sure, putting together a statement. It was in the Record, and I have had a chance to study that. Frankly, I still do not understand the answers. So that is why I am here today.  I raise these questions again for one reason. The Defense authorization bill as approved by this body on July 10 contains a special provision. That special provision is section 405. Section 405 increases the number of generals from 68 to 80. That is 12 more generals. The House-passed version of the bill contains no such authority. As I said, there was very heated debate on this in the House Armed Services Committee. The House rejected the request for more Marine generals.  In 1987, as you can see here, the end strength of the marines was, to be exact, 199,525. At that time, the Marine Corps had a total of 70 generals, 2 more than what they have right now. Those 70 generals led the Marine Corps through the gulf war, which would have been here in 1990-91. And then, like every other branch, the Marine Corps began downsizing. The number of generals during this period of time dropped by just 2, to 68. But marine end strength continued a gradual decline until fiscal year 1994, right here, when it got down to 174,158. This year it dropped off again to, to be exact, 172,434. That is a reduction of 27,091 marines since fiscal year 1987. Despite the continuing drop in end strength, the number of generals stayed, as I said here--the number of generals has been very constant during this period of time, and it is still constant over here at 68 to 70; 68 right now is the exact number.  Despite the continuing drop in end strength, we see this level at 68 provided for until section 405 came along, to authorize 80 Marine generals. That would cause this figure to head north. My question is, why?  I am sure we are going to have an answer to that. I hope it is an answer that will negate my need for this amendment. But, frankly, I think I have had a chance to study several documents. I have had a chance to study several documents that I am going to make some reference to in further debate on my amendment, that tell me that, first of all, some of the things that have been told to Senators about why these additional Marine generals are needed, are simply not true. I will also try to demonstrate where the real need in the military is.  I said more sergeants and more commanding officers. We have evidence of that. There are papers prepared by a Marine Corps major that raise questions about the need for certain redundant commands and the extra generals to run them, and also the issue of the layers of command that we have, unnecessary duplication.  Then there is a KAPOS study referred to by Senator Warner in his statement that I think shows me something different than what it showed to Senator Warner that I want to discuss with my colleagues.  So why do 27,000 fewer Marines need more generals giving them orders? These are the reasons that I have heard so far, and I am going to lay these out, but my colleagues on the opposite side of this issue will discuss these as well.  First, we have the explanation given on page 279 of the Armed Services Committee report:       This increase is intended to permit the Marine Corps to      have greater representation at the general officer level on      the Department of Navy/Secretariat staff and in the joint      arena. . . .  So, are these folks then, by that explanation, to become bureaucratic warriors?  The second argument that is given is that technology has changed the nature of warfare. More generals are needed to run the battle. Some would say this is an exact outgrowth of the Goldwater-Nichols Act of 1986, and that is why this is necessary. I think there is an awful lot about Goldwater-Nichols that we need to look at that is very legitimate. But it is in regard to the efficiency that comes as a result of Goldwater-Nichols, not the administrative overhead and waste that Goldwater-Nichols might generate if misinterpreted and used as an excuse for in justifying 12 additional generals at this point.  Last, another rationale given. Some contend that the Marines need the additional 12 general officers to fill critical war-fighting billets. Who is going to argue with that one?  But I have some points I want to make about that. I think we will show, at most, a very, very small minority of these might go to that purpose, because we want to make sure that we maintain the war-fighting capability of every service. National defense is a primary responsibility of the Federal Government, and no other level of government in the United States contributes to that.  So, as I said, we have these four arguments, and many more, that might be given. I do not understand these arguments. Why do the Marines need more generals when the Marine Corps is downsizing, as you see what has happened since 1986. Why increase the number of generals when there is a critical shortage of sergeants and lieutenants in the infantry battalions? These critical war-fighting billets need to be filled before we add wasteful and unnecessary brass at the top.  I want to yield the floor now, because I hope to encourage discussion on this. I will have some further responses, but I hope I have more specific comments from the other side. I do not mean the Democratic side, I mean people presumably on the Armed Services Committee, both Republican and Democrat, who disagree with my point of view, and then I would like to speak again.  I yield the floor.  