 President, I had the opportunity to hear the Republican manager of the bill, the Senator from Texas, speak about her support of this legislation, and for part of my remarks, she was absent. I wanted to remind her of some concerns I have about this legislation.  That concern is the oddity we have here of the Democratic Members of this body campaigning to end corporate welfare, to such an extent that they even have us Republicans proposing tax legislation to eliminate $30 billion of corporate welfare in our tax bill last year, and now the party that encourages doing away with corporate welfare, the Democratic Party, is very much for this legislation. Then you have the oddity of Republicans who considering the upcoming election are very, very concerned about the labor unions spending $35 million for the Democratic Party, to help the Democratic Party regain control of the Congress, and Republicans abhorring that situation. Then here we have a bill that is corporate welfare. It is also maritime union welfare.  So we have the oddity of Democrats who condemn corporate welfare voting for a bill that is going to establish more corporate welfare, and you have Republicans who say how awful it is that men and women who belong to unions do not have any choice about the assessment for $35 million more so that the unions can run ads against Republicans when 40 percent of the union Members vote Republican. Then here we are as Republicans, promoting legislation that is going to feed the treasury of the maritime unions.  This follows on that memo to the President where Secretary Pena was advising the President to ignore the recommendations of 15 out of 16 Cabinet agencies who said an option that was budget neutral and would still meet the national security demands of our country should be ignored because the industry--meaning the maritime industry; and its supporters, meaning the maritime unions--wanted this legislation that had this subsidy in it.  So I hear the Senator from Texas suggesting support for this legislation, contrary to a lot of concerns we have on this side of the aisle. And when we have meetings of our party--and she is one of the leader's of our party--very concerned about what is being done through the use of mandatory checkoff of union dues. In our councils, we are concerned about this. Then I see the leaders of our party supporting, almost, the buying of the rope to hang ourselves.  I remind the Senator from Texas that we have letters here from four organizations who I think she would agree with 95 percent of the time, who we would agree with 95 percent of the time, who oppose this legislation. From Americans for Tax Reform, I have a letter that says:       This legislation, the Maritime Reform and Security Act of      1995 now pending in the Senate, Americans for Tax Reform      strongly oppose the continuation of commercial maritime      subsidies in any form, and strongly urges you to remove any      such subsidies from this bill.  I have a letter from the National Taxpayer Union, also cosigned by the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste that says:       Most Members of the 104th Congress have prided themselves      in ending welfare as we know it. Unfortunately, the Senate      may soon consider H.R. 1350, the Maritime Security Act, which      is nothing more than a corporate and labor union welfare. The      Council for Citizens Against Government Waste will key vote      these votes for 1996 congressional ratings,and then it says that they are very much against this legislation.  Then I will read from Citizens for a Sound Economy:       On behalf of the 250,000 members across America, I want to      express our strong opposition to H.R. 1350, the so-called      Maritime Security Act and our strong support for      amendments to this bill offered by Senator Charles      Grassley. The amendments would limit the cost to the      taxpayer from this proposal without weakening our national      defense.  I encourage leaders of our party, particularly those who are leaders of the group of us that have the most fiscally sound voting records, people who are always abhorring in our party meetings the waste of the taxpayers' money, and particularly when we have respected organizations like I just quoted from, those which we agree with about 90 percent of the time, why are we off the beaten path on this issue? Why are we Republicans, who pride ourselves for fiscal conservatism, subsidizing an industry, some of the same companies in the industry, that have the very highest of profits in recent months?  I yield the floor.  