 President, I want to take a moment to speak about a battle that is raging over the promotion of Navy Comdr. Robert Stump. The battle is raging within the Senate Armed Services Committee, and it is being discussed, as well, in the press.  I have had my differences with this committee in the past, but I want to set the record straight. In this particular case, I think the committee is getting a bum rap. I think the Senate Armed Services Committee is doing the right thing.  Commander Stump's promotion to the rank of captain has been denied by the Senate Armed Services Committee. It was denied because of his suspected involvement in the inappropriate behavior at the Tailhook convention.  I support the committee's decision to deny the promotion, and I support it 100 percent.  Unfortunately, Commander Stump believes that promotion is an inalienable right. Sadly, he believes that the Senate should not sit in judgment of his character, or even make judgments about his character. So he has hired a lawyer and has been conducting a very ugly lobbying campaign.  The committee is getting hammered with bad publicity. His supporters argue that Commander Stump has been cleared of criminal wrongdoing. They argue that he is an innocent man, and they argue that he has been treated unfairly and that the flagging procedure should be abolished.  Being cleared of criminal charges does not tell me that Commander Stump is ready for promotion. Mr. President, this is a negative standard of judgment. A negative standard of judgment will not help to nurture the kind of topnotch leadership that the Navy so badly needs.  To decide whether he is ready for promotion to captain, we need unambiguous answers to at least 5 questions:  No. 1, has he demonstrated excellence in the performance of his duties?  Two, has he demonstrated excellence in leadership and discipline?  Three, does he always set a good example?  Four, does he care for and respect the men and women who serve under him in the Navy?  Five, and above all, is he a man of integrity?  In my mind, Mr. President, Commander Stump's activities at Tailhook raise questions about his ability to exert moral leadership. I personally like the controversial ``flagging'' procedures. This procedure was instituted by the Armed Services Committee. It is a procedure for identifying the files of promotion candidates suspected of inappropriate behavior at Tailhook.  There is a good reason for doing this. The committee does not want to get bushwhacked on the floor by Senators like me, and other Senators, who may be waiting for an inappropriate person to be advanced to the floor for confirmation when they should not be that far along in the process anyway.  If we discover that a prospective nominee has engaged in misconduct at Tailhook, or anywhere else, they know that certain Senators on this floor, including myself, will raise questions and maybe hold it up.  Too many Navy nominees have slipped through the Senate confirmation net when damaging information about them lay hidden in Government files. It usually leaks out to the press after the fact. If that information had been exposed to public debate, some of the nominations would have died. ``Flagging'' helps to fix this problem.  Mr. President, the only way to solve the Navy's leadership problem is to promote men and women who measure up to a standard of excellence.  I think it is clear that the Senate Armed Services Committee has done the right thing in this particular nomination.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  