 President, a wise man once said that what is honored in a society is cultivated there. In other words, what a society believes is important and respects, it will teach its children and demand in its public life. I have been concerned in the last few days by what it seems to me that we are honoring in our society. And I am concerned because of that about what we may be cultivating for the future.  I am concerned about what we have learned in the past few days and weeks about the attitudes the Clinton White House has about security clearances and security procedures in general. I am also concerned about drug use, respect for privacy, and regard for simple facts straightforwardly presented. I am concerned about what attitudes on these issues, coming from the Nation's first household, are communicating to the public. I am particularly troubled about the White House's seemingly cavalier attitude about drug use and about the message that this careless viewpoint is sending.  Based on reporting in the Washington Post, ``The Secret Service in 1993 balked at granting permanent passes to about a dozen people in the Clinton White House because of concerns about recent use of illegal drugs that in some instances included crack cocaine or hallucinogens. . . .'' But this is not all. The problem was evidently so serious as to require the unprecedented step of establishing a special drug-testing program in the White House. We have heard that this involves only a few people. But then we also heard from the same White House that there were only a few unauthorized FBI files. That story had to be revised several times as the numbers grew. Perhaps that will not happen here, but the numbers are not really the issue.  What is of concern is the principle. In the files case, one file improperly obtained, illegally reviewed, and carelessly kept was too many. In any normal operation, the person responsible for this chain of slipshod management would be identified, fired, and, if a crime was committed, prosecuted. In the present case, however, the White House not only does not know who was responsible, they cannot or will not figure out who hired him. Based on this White House's public assertions about hiring practices in the world's most important household, Rosy the Bag Lady could have moved locations from Lafayette Park into the West Wing, gotten a White House pass, and set up shop with no one the wiser.  As in the files case, it is the principle that matters in the White House's attitude about drug use. It is what actions there say publicly about what is honored and what should be cultivated. Perhaps it should come as no surprise that a President who did not inhale should see no problem in hiring known drug users to sit on the world's most visible front porch. But what is of more concern than this peculiar tolerance is the response of the President's spokesman to the issue. Let me quote his remarks. ``I was a kid in the 1970's,'' he said. ``You know, did I smoke a joint from time to time?  Of course, I did.'' Of course? There is a lot of consequence in that ``of course.'' As Mr. Bennett, the country's first drug czar noted, that ``of course'' is very disturbing. Mr. Bennett asks a very important question: ``What exactly did Mr. McCurry mean by `of course'? That every young person used drugs in the 1970's? Or that it was no big deal?'' In either case, as Mr. Bennett notes, the President's spokesman is wrong. He not only has the facts wrong, he has now put the White House behind the notion that drugs are no big deal.  Mr. McCurry's words are very revealing. They are dismissive of the idea that drug use is of any serious concern. They indicate an indifference to the realities of drug use. And, for a White House whose clearest competency is in message management, it shows a remarkable ignorance of the importance of using the bully pulpit of Presidency to send a clear, antidrug message. We need to remind ourselves that Mr. McCurry did not make these remarks in private. He is no babe in the woods. He did not get trapped. He did not speak out thinking that the microphones were turned off. Mr. McCurry made these remarks to the press as the chief spokesman for the President of the United States. Say what you will, his remarks are now an indelible part of the public record. So too, are the White House's attitudes to drug use revealed here.  I am sure that in the next few days we will have more clarifications about the position. I am sure that these clarifications will include the typical accusations that discussion of the issue at all is just partisan politics. But, what remains is a public demonstration about how this White House thinks about drugs. It reflects a casualness about the drug problem that is communicated to the public. It is a communication that, frankly, concerns me a great deal.  On a number of occasions I have raised my concern on this floor about the dramatic rise in teenage drug abuse. If there are any of my colleagues who have not acquainted themselves with the realities of what is happening with kids and drugs today, I urge them to take a look at the facts. I think that what they will find will disturb them. In brief, by whatever standard you use or reporting system that we currently have to tell us about drug use, teenage use is on the rise.  In the last several years, after more than a decade of decline, we are seeing returning drug use that is wiping out all the gains that we had made. What is just as alarming, teenage attitudes about the dangers of drug use are also changing for the worse. Today's kids see drugs as far less of a problem than did kids just a few years ago. Even worse, drug use today is starting even earlier. We are now seeing the problem affect 11 and 12 year olds. Unless you believe that drug legalization for kids is a realistic option or a responsible policy, then you cannot ignore what is happening under our very noses, in our homes, schools, backyards, and front porches.  In this context, do you think that remarks like the President's or Mr. McCurry's do not matter? Let us not kid ourselves about kids. What the White House says publicly is one of the ways we communicate lessons about what we honor and should cultivate. That the White House understands this is clear from what it has to say on other issues. On this issue, however, the message is anything but clear.  In March of this year, I co-chaired a Senate-House Task Force on National Drug Policy. Bob Dole and Newt Gingrich established the task force to take a look at the problem and recommend solutions. The report from that effort documents not only the present trend in drug use among kids, but the policies or lack of policies by the Clinton administration to deal with the problem. I invite all of my colleagues, the press, and the public to take a look at what the task force learned. It is sobering.  One of the essential findings of the report, which is hardly new, was that the bully pulpit for sending messages about what is right and wrong, good and bad, must be central to any drug policy. As the report notes, we must be consistent in our message. We must have words and deeds that are complementary not contradictory.  Democrats and Republicans over the last several years, however, have repeatedly noted that the administration, and particularly the President, have been virtually silent on the drug issue. The only serious pronouncements that anyone here or elsewhere likely remembers about this administration's drug policy was the President's remark that he didn't inhale. That and the repeated public statements by the Surgeon General of the United States calling for consideration of drug legalization. Except for these less than inspiring remarks, the drug issue simply disappeared in the first3 years of the administration. Like the drug czar's office, it was benched. For this administration, drug policy was not just the least valued player. It was traded to a farm team and hustled out of town under a blanket of silence.  Now, in an election year, when the drug use numbers are bad and getting worse, we have seen a new public posture by the administration on drugs. We have a new drug czar--more power to him--and we have had a few presidential sound bites and backdrops. I am sure that none of these actions have anything to do with politics. But, we have seen also other things that leave a more lasting impression, particularly in young minds. Particularly, what we have seen disseminated to the public is the knowledge that ``of course, I used drugs'' and ``I didn't inhale'' are the hallmarks of this White House. As Mr. Bennett noted, policy follows attitude. It is not hard to understand the administration's policies with attitudes like those coming from the White House.  Recently, a music group with the unlikely name of Smashing Pumpkins lost one of its lead performers to a drug overdose. In recent years, such deaths of celebrities have become a common occurrence, another reminder of the 1960's culture born again. So serious has the problem become that record companies and managers are looking to institute drug programs to help prevent these losses. In the case of Smashing Pumpkins, they fired one of the band members who was involved in drugs along with the young man who died. Evidently, drug use in this case was grounds for dismissal. I wish that this White House understood the message here. That tolerating drug use, even former drug use, sends a dangerous message.  If we learn from the bully pulpit of the Presidency about what we should honor and cultivate in our national life, then I am concerned about what recent events tell us. I am concerned that we seem to have replaced ``Just Say No'' with a muddled message. I am concerned that this garbled text is sending the wrong signals, is reinforcing the wrong attitudes. Perhaps it is no coincidence, then, that calls for legalization of drugs are now more vocal and well-financed than at any time since the 1960's. It is perhaps why, we see initiatives on the ballot in California and Arizona that would legalize marijuana. It is perhaps why one of the largest financiers of drug legalization is a White House confidante. It is perhaps not just coincidence that the drugs-are-good-for-you message is back in movies, music, and on TV. It is perhaps why we see a White House where the Colombian drug lords can number employees as some of their former clients.  I worry about what we seem to be honoring and what we may cultivate as a consequence.  