 President, I am not going to offer an amendment, but I do want to discuss, while there are still leaders of the committee, both Republican and Democrat, on the floor, a very important issue, as far as I am concerned. It may be very easy to explain to my colleagues. I know even many people who are not on the committee may know the issue. But I want to raise the issue with the committee of why this legislation provides for 12 additional Marine generals when the Marines are very much in a downsized mode.  This deals with what is called section 405. Section 405 would increase the number of general officers on active duty in the Marine Corps. If enacted, it would increase the number of generals in the Marine Corps from 68 to 80. That is 12 more Marine generals.  I think it is legitimate to ask why does the Marine Corps need an extra 12 generals when it is downsizing? In 1987, Marine end strength was at 199,000. At that time the Marine Corps had 70 generals; 199,000 marines, 70 generals.  As the Marine Corps began downsizing, the number of generals dropped slightly by 2 in 1991 to 68. But Marine end strength continued a gradual decline until last year it leveled off at 174,000. We used to have 70 generals, 199,000 marines. Today, we have 68 generals, 174,000 marines, a reduction of 25,000 since the late 1980's.  Despite this drop in end strength, the number of generals stayed right at 68 until right now. If this bill becomes law, section 405, the number heads north again. Why? I really do not understand. I hope somebody can explain it. Why do 25,000 fewer marines need 12 more generals giving them orders?  I suppose somebody could say that a possible explanation would be what is on page 279 of the committee report. I will quote:       This increase is intended to permit the Marine Corps to      have greater representation at the general officer level on      the Department of the Navy/Secretariat staff and in the joint      arena. As a general rule, the Committee is reluctant to act      on independent service requests of this nature * * *  So this explanation is given in the committee report. I repeat, in the way of emphasizing, the additional 12 would ``permit the Marine Corps to have greater representation at the general officer level on the Department of the Navy/Secretariat staff and in the joint arena.''  I suppose the second possible explanation might be that the committee would say that technology has changed and the nature of warfare has changed and more generals are needed to run the battles. I suppose they could also say the Goldwater-Nickles Act is the culprit and requires it. Those are possible explanations. One of them, obviously, is somewhat of an explanation being in the committee report.  But let me suggest this, that when you figure that war is conducted on the battlefield--and that is where the lives are going to be put in danger--it seems to me, the extent to which we need 12 more generals ought to be related to the number of people that are going to be fighting and potentially shedding their blood.  In regard to the Goldwater-Nichols Act, it did place special emphasis upon joint operations, joint staff, and joint duty. I suppose that is how this works its way into the committee report. But it seems to me that that should not constitute a license to expand joint headquarters staff when force structure is shrinking, shrinking by 25,000 marines. In fact, joint headquarters should replace duplicative service headquarters. If the Marines need more generals in joint billets, then they should reduce the number assigned to Marine headquarters.  The report language makes it clear that the extra generals are not needed for combat jobs. Instead, they are needed for bureaucratic in-fighting in the Pentagon budget wars. Those are my words. I suppose the people that write the reports are going to take exception to that explanation on my part. But when you talk about more people needed at the Navy/Secretariat level, to make the points of view for the Marines, that is the way I read it.  I suppose it also sounds like the Marines want to be topheavy with rank, just like the other services, like the Navy, for example. The Navy is approaching the point where it has one admiral for every ship. I suppose, to be more accurate, I should say 1.67 ships per admiral.  The Navy got the job done with 20 ships per admiral in World War II. If we apply the World War II ratio to today's fleets, the Navy should have no more than 20 admirals to get the job done. But the Navy has 218 admirals.  The proponents of section 405 might also suggest that technology creates a need for more generals. That is possible. But the reverse is also possible. Technology could reduce the need for so many generals and admirals.  I would like to have you take C CUBED-I, for example. This is the command, control, communications and intelligence. This bill contains billions of dollars for C CUBED-I. C CUBED-I gives the top generals and admirals the capability to run the battles from the Pentagon. It gives them the ability to communicate directly down to the smallest unit, the smallest unit operating anywhere in the world.  I do not expect you to take the judgment of the Senator from Iowa on that. But it seems to me, if you read Colin Powell's book, ``My American Journey,'' you can see how he did it. If he did it just a few short years ago, we ought to be able to do it.  So C CUBED-I technology could reduce the need for having so many admirals at sea with the fleet. It could reduce the need for having so many generals forward deployed with the fleet Marine force.  So, Mr. President, I do not understand or see the need for the increase in the number of generals provided for in section 405. The number of generals should be decreased as the Marine Corps gets smaller, as I said, down from 199,000 to 174,000 today. Yet we are going to increase the number of marines, potentially, from 68 to 80.  Now, again, you may not want to believe Colin Powell in his book, ``My American Journey,'' you may not want to listen to the Senator from Iowa, but maybe you would like to listen to a marine general, John Sheehan, commander in chief of the U.S. Atlantic Command. I quoted him very extensively on some debate last week. I quoted him when I was trying to make my case to freeze defense infrastructure costs. General Sheehan, Marine Corps general, argues that, ``Headquarters should not be growing as the force shrinks.'' Could I repeat that. We have a Marine Corps general saying that ``headquarters should not be growing as the force shrinks.''  The force is shrinking, from 199,000 to 174,000. That is a fact of life already. The number of marine generals is suggested to increase from 68 to 80. The possible explanation in the committee report--need more generals at the Navy Secretary level, so the marines have more of a voice at the higher echelons of decisionmaking. General Sheehan, a marine general, same branch of the military, as we are increasing the number of marines, commander of Atlantic forces, General Sheehan hits the nail right on the head when he says, ``The growth in headquarters staff jobs is threatening the military's war-fighting capability.'' He says that after he said, ``Headquarters should not be growing as the force shrinks.''  Surely marines in the U.S. Senate--and I have not served in the military; I want to make that very clear. I am no military hero, as Senator McCain and a lot of other people in this body, but I can read. I do not know why any marine in this Senate would question General Sheehan when he says, ``Headquarters should not be growing as the force shrinks.''  ``The growth of headquarters staff jobs is threatening the military's war-fighting capability.''  General Sheehan has identified the root cause of the problem. He helps me understand why the Department of Defense cannot cut infrastructure costs, as I tried to do a week ago on my amendment. The growth in headquarters staff is being driven by one powerful force--excess generals and admirals searching for a mission. Each senior officer needs a place to call home and to hoist a flag. Every senior officer needs a command, a headquarters, a base, a staff, or a large department of some kind, somewhere, someplace. Each general, then, created by section 405, will need some new real estate that is going to cost our tightly written defense budget very much. It is going to weaken our defense and not provide the national security that it ought to provide.  All of this makes me think, Mr. President, that this new section 405, increasing the number of generals from 68 to 80, may not be such a hot idea, particularly when Marine General John Sheehan says, ``Headquarters should not be growing as the force shrinks.'' And when it does, he says, ``The growth of headquarters staff jobs is threatening the military's war-fighting capability.''  I hope my colleagues on this floor who, out of their heart and probably even out of their intellect, firmly believe and so state on the floor of this body that we do not have enough money for defense--and I may disagree with them on that point, but I know my colleagues who say that sincerely believe it--if they do believe it, and we have a defense dollar that is so terribly squeezed, why we are adding this number of personnel at the highest ranks of the marines at the same time the marine force is shrinking.  I yield the floor.  