 President, just so everyone understands the history behind this amendment, let me call your attention to this chart. I want to call your attention to this chart because with the budget authority side of the chart, it lays out the history of where we are and where budget resolutions take us and where the President is.  Last year, the Senate budget resolution proposed that in fiscal year 1997, we should have this figure of $253.4 billion. What is important and significant about what we did last year and this year is that we had 60 Senators on a very bipartisan vote last year reject an amendment that would have increased the dollar amount of $253.4 billion, a bipartisan vote in the Senate not to go above $253.4 billion.  Now we have this budget resolution which has disregarded the Senate's action last year and disregarded last year's vote, practically the same membership in this body, and has proposed $265.6 billion for defense. That is the number in the resolution that is before us, $265.6 billion.  Simple arithmetic. That is $11.3 billion more than the President's mark. The President's mark is this middle figure. What he proposed to us in his budget this February, $254.3 billion. You can see the difference, $11 billion; $11.3 billion, to be exact.  It is also $12.2 billion more than the level voted by 60 Members of this body last year.  What the amendment offered by this Senator and my colleagues would do is provide a compromise by allowing defense to increase $3 billion above the President's mark and nearly $4 billion above the level voted by the Senate last year. That would be $4 billion above this figure of $253.4 billion.  So I hope that you realize that we are trying to do a compromise approach here, not just one of these take it or leave it, we want everything or we don't want anything approach.  It is a good compromise, I believe, that will address the concerns of those who want to ensure adequate spending for defense and also ensure that defense spending does not grow out of control.  I want to give some background and rationale for this amendment. It probably does not differ from the background and rationale that I would give for similar amendments I have offered over the many years that I have been in the Senate.  Every so often, since the 5th century B.C., some bright scholar states the obvious. The most recognized statement was by philosopher George Santayana when he said, and we have all heard it so many times:       Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat      it.  He goes on to say some very crucial and insightful things about learning from our experience. He says:       Progress . . . depends on retentiveness . . . [W]hen      experience is not retained, as among savages, infancy is      perpetual.  Mr. President, this body, the U.S. Senate, is coming dangerously close to what George Santayana described. We are close to acting like children. I know that might shock the public. At issue is whether the Senate is condemned to repeat the mistakes of the 1980's; specifically, whether we will pump up the defense budget with no justification and with no control over it and, in the process, we would be getting less defense than planned.  Last year during conference discussions--that is ironing out the differences between the House and the Senate on the budget resolution--we were promised Defense Department reforms. We were forced to support higher defense numbers, but the quid was that we would get reforms this year. We were told that there would be complete top-to-bottom reform of the Pentagon, so much so that it would change the Pentagon into a triangle.  Mr. President, I drive by the Pentagon each night that I go to my house that I occupy here in Washington--not my home, but my house. My home is in Iowa. Each night since last June 28 when we heard that in that conference--that is when we voted that conference report--I watched and waited. As of last night on my drive home, it is still a pentagon, it is not a triangle.  The justification for my amendment is to stop the raping and pillaging of the Treasury under the guise of national security. There is a very sophisticated con job going on with this defense budget, and I would like to describe it so that the taxpayers know exactly how it works, how the defense industrial military complex picks their pockets.  There are two facets of this con job. The first is bureaucratic; the second is congressional. Congress collaborates with defense bureaucrats in an extortion of the taxpayers who think they are paying for national security. Instead, they are paying for pork for Members of Congress.  The game the bureaucrats play is the most sophisticated. It took me a couple of years to figure this one out. First, the bureaucrats deliberately underestimate the cost of everything in the budget. That way, everything they want gets squeezed in. Nothing gets turned down. You can have it all, just like you can have your cake and eat it, too, almost. ``Just get all the programs approved,'' the bureaucrat says, ``we'll worry about the money later on.''  You see, once a program gets started, programs hardly ever end. You might say they never end. Too many jobs and too many careers are at risk. When the actual bills come in, they say, ``Oops, we've underestimated the costs. By gosh, we've got to do something about that. We need more money to buy all this stuff that we've committed.''  That creates then constant pressure to raise the defense budget, but it does something else as well: there is not enough money to cover all the cost overruns, so we buy fewer quantities. This drives up the prices even further. Over time, because of bad management, we buy less for much more. This hurts our ability to defend our country. That is the bureaucrats' game.  Here is how it is handled when it gets to the Hill. We saw it last year, and we are seeing it again this year:  The Armed Services Committee collaborates with the Budget Committee. They find a nice fat defense number that can accommodate everyone's insatiable appetite for pork. The numbers start to move through the Budget Committee. Meanwhile, the Armed Services Committee starts to cram all their pet programs into the budget, all the way to the brim. There is even some overflowing, Mr. President.  The budget resolution then goes to the Budget Committee; from the Budget Committee to the floor. That is where we are today.  Some Senators offered amendments to squeeze the defense budget, to rid it of pork and waste, just like the Grassley amendment. But such an amendment is put at a great political disadvantage. The taxpayers are unaware of this, but members of leadership and members of the committees are busy behind the scenes twisting the arms of undecided Senators. They confront undecided Senators with a newly drafted defense bill crammed in with all the pet programs.  The undeciders are told, ``If you vote to squeeze the defense budget, as Mr. Grassley wants to do, we'll take program A, B, or C out of the bill. Your State will suffer. You'll lose jobs.'' Of course, that is intimidation. And some people are intimidated and vote then for fatter defense numbers.  What Senator wants to lose potential jobs in his or her State? These Senators might be intimidated, but for taxpayers it is extortion. They are really getting the shaft. The same thing happened last year. This year the Senate committee wised up and did the same thing as was done in the House last year. The bottom line is, bureaucratic and political games are wreaking havoc with the taxpayers' bottom line, all in the name of national security. They are conspiring against the taxpayers' interests, pure and simple.  I remind my colleagues of the promise accompanying last year's budget conference report, with the bloated defense budgets that I pointed out here--$265.6 billion. They said, you will get reforms next year. The reforms were supposed to be of infrastructure and base closures. The savings would then be used for modernization. This was the specific promise of the Secretary of Defense as well.  But we have the General Accounting Office out there, that nonpartisan group of people that are to make sure that we use honest numbers in Government. The General Accounting Office just completed a review of the infrastructure savings. The GAO's findings are truly amazing.  Despite four rounds of base closures since 1988, there are no savings. And now, despite very dramatic cuts in our force structure, there are no savings. DOD infrastructure costs are going up, not down.  On April 25, I spoke about this in detail on this floor, Mr. President, laying out all the facts. The promise was that we would have savings. The reality, Mr. President--there are no savings. It is not that there were not modest savings, the problem is, it has all been spent. It has been spent on new infrastructure projects like public affairs and headquarters and, in other words, creating more spin and fattening up headquarters. Overhead--that does not come very cheap. It soaked up all of the savings.  So as the force structure of our armed services gets smaller and smaller and smaller, headquarters gets bigger and bigger. It is still then a pentagon; it is not a triangle.  Once again, Mr. President, the Pentagon is proving that it cannot allocate money sensibly. Once again it is proving it cannot save money even with such golden opportunities given by base closures. That means that we will not have the money promised for the modernization so that we can meet the needs of our national security in this new budget environment we are in to balance the budget.  The question is, do we reward this bad management with even more money or do we hold the Department of Defense's feet to the fire? Do we support the defense budget in this resolution or do we put a meaningful constraint around it so that it will be managed better?  