 This means that there is an actual drop-dead date so that families are held truly accountable for their choices. Knowing that there is a concern for those who are unable to work, the bill allows a 20-percent hardship exemption from the lifetime limit.  Working Americans live in a system where if they don't show up for work, they are not paid and are likely to lose their job. They want welfare recipients to live with that same reality. Taxpaying Americans don't understand why their hard work is subsidizing those who are not working.  According to the mail I receive in my office, working Iowans believe that welfare recipients ought to have to work also. And they believe welfare recipients should not be able to receive benefits forever.  Mr. McCAIN. Madam President, the Personal Responsibility, Work Opportunity, and Medicaid Restructuring Act of 1996 will dramatically improve our welfare system. By requiring able-bodied welfare recipients to work, it will encourage welfare families to move from dependency to self-sufficiency. In addition, adult recipients who refuse to engage in required work will have their benefits reduced, and individuals will be able to receive federally funded benefits for more than 5 years, or fewer at the option of the State. In recognition of the fact that not all families will be able to enter the work force effectively, the States are given a 20-percent hardship exemption to the 5-year limit on benefits.  Today, my colleague, Senator Breaux, introduced an amendment which would have provided vouchers of those families which were denied cash assistance as a result of these limitations. Because this provision would undermine the important goal of encouraging families to work and move off welfare, and because the most troubled families will be protected by the hardship exemption, I have decided to vote against the amendment. This vote does, however, raise a number of issues which should be addressed by the conference committee, including the impact which ending cash benefits may have on foster care costs in the States, and the impact of the benefits limitation on children.  