 President, we now have the classic example of duplicity in budgeting. It's the first clear example of budgetary duplicity since the infamous magic asterisk made famous by David Stockman. This time, it is by the President himself.  The example is revealed courtesy of my colleague from Missouri, Senator Bond. He has laid out a compelling case that shows when the White House speaks about its budget, it speaks with two voices. One voice emanates from the left side, the other from the right side. Not surprisingly, this is so the President can have it both ways. They can have their cake and eat it too.  The consequence of this duplicity is continued public cynicism. These days, that's a cardinal sin of any political leader. it undermines the confidence of our citizenry in its political leaders and in our system of government.  Those watching from their homes, Mr. President, often get confused by our arcane budget process and terminology. So I want to explain this duplicity in normal, everyday language.  As a big taxer and big spender, the President's political strategy is to spend money to make all his special interests happy. He already passed the largest tax increase in the history of the country back in 1993. Now, he wants to use those revenues to spend more just before he's reelected.  The problem is, his budget would deficit-spend forever. It would never be in balance.  More than 80 percent of the American people want a balanced budget. Republicans criticized the President for not having a balanced budget. The criticism worked. It was scoring points with the public. That's because they support a balanced budget overwhelmingly.  The President was on the political run. So he had a decision to make. He still wanted to spend all the money necessary to make his special interests happy. But he also wanted the public to think he had a balanced budget. That way, he could put a stop to all the criticism about not having a balanced budget. And, he would also not offend his political supporters. In other words, he could have his cake and eat it too.  There's only one problem with this. To pull that off, the President would either have to make tough choices, or he'd have to use some sleight-of-hand. Sleight-of-hand won out.  And so, the President presented his budget to Congress and the public. In doing so, he presented two budgets. One was $67 billion more expensive than the other.  Depending on who he was talking to, he would reference one budget or the other. For instance: If he was talking to critics who said his budget didn't balance, he'd point to the one that's $67 billion cheaper. If he was talking to his special interest friends whom he didn't want to offend, he'd point to the one that had $67 billion more in it.  That way, the President hoped to satisfy everyone, and offend no one.  There's evidence of this.  Senator Bond received testimony from their different heads of agencies that confirm the budgetary shell game. EPA Director Carol Browner, HHS Secretary Donna Shalala, and NASA Administrator Dan Goldin each suggested that the White House told them not to worry about future budget cuts in their agencies that would occur under the balanced budget version.  In other words, the White House fully intends to honor the more expensive budget, rather than the balanced budget. But the President doesn't want to say that before the election so he can't be criticized for having a bloated budget.  What this shell game shows is a White House that plays fast and loose with honesty. It is duplicitous. It's saying one thing out of one side of the mouth, and another out the other side. In the final analysis, the President intends to abandon a balanced budget, should he survive his effort for a second term.  There's an even more serious and destructive game the White House is playing in its budget. The issue is the veterans' budget. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs is the Honorable Jesse Brown. Mr. Brown confirmed this before Senator Bond's subcommittee.  He confirmed that, even though the President's budget would decimate veterans, the President has assured him he will renegotiate the veterans' budget every year. In other words, veterans funding, too--just like all the others--will also go up, allegedly. That would put even more pressure against a balanced budget.  The problem with this example, Mr. President, it's more than simply a shell game. It's a total disavowal of the President's veterans budget, by the President's own people. Worse, by the President himself. It's an official budget that's not official. And that, Mr. President, is a matter of budget integrity. And this budget lacks integrity.  The budget of the United States represents the official statement of policy of a President. If that is true this President's statement of policy is one of duplicity. And it lacks credibility and integrity.  And that, Mr. President, is the mark of a failed leader. A leader who undercuts his own moral authority to lead the Nation. You cannot be a leader if your policies reflect duplicity, a lack of credibility, and a lack of integrity.  This is the 11th in a series of talks, Mr. President, that I have shared with my colleagues on my observations about the President's failure to lead by example. His failure of moral leadership.  If our leaders continue to lead this way, public cynicism--already at dangerous levels--will reach critical mass. We cannot continue to serve the people of our country in this way.  Republicans have tried to lead by example. We put our money where our mouths were. We passed congressional accountability, putting Members of Congress under the same laws as we passed for the rest of the country. We passed a balanced budget last year. And, we'll pass another one later this week.  But the President will veto a balanced budget again, without an honest alternative of his own. This is failed leadership of the worst kind, Mr. President.  Finally, Mr. President, I commend Senator Bond for his outstanding detective work in surfacing this budget duplicity on behalf of the American people.  