 When Dr. Brown left 2 or 3 months ago, you may remember the story was buried someplace on page 12 in one of the newspapers I read. Dr. Brown's resignation there, the story of it was buried along with news about drugs or the public's concern.  That fact of how the media treat this very serious problem, versus how serious the public at the grassroots really feel it is, tells us something about the present state of our drug policy and how the media think. Since they do not care about the drug issue, since the media do not care about the drug issue, it ceases to be news. Never mind the public attitude or what these surveys show, just somehow it does not happen to be news.  It is clear, however, Mr. President, that the public is very, very concerned about this issue. A poll earlier this year showed that over 80 percent of the public saw stopping the flow of illegal drugs to the United States as their primary foreign policy concern. Just in the last few weeks, the Gallup poll organization released information on the public's attitude about drugs.  This poll makes it clear that, unlike with the administration or the press, the drug issue has not fallen off the public's agenda. According to this poll by Gallup, 94 percent--I want to repeat that--94 percent of the American public say the drug abuse problem is either a crisis or a serious problem. They rate drugs second only to crime, which often is linked to drugs as their main concern.  Indeed, according to the poll, Americans rate the drug problem as more serious than the problems of health care, welfare reform, or even the budget deficit. Since you would be hard pressed to find this concern reflected in our media, press, radio, and TV, I think we ought to state that again. The public rates the drug problem as more serious than health care, welfare, and the deficit. So I hope our national media leaders are going to take that to heart. Of course, I hope our policy leaders pay attention.  Congress is listening, probably because we are closer to the grassroots. We have a responsibility in the process of representative government to keep our ear to the grassroots. I think most do. And following up on that, Senator Dole and Speaker Gingrich declared a new initiative on drugs. This is in keeping with the past congressional efforts to make the drug issue a very serious policy concern. We created the drug czar's office to coordinate policy in the middle of the last decade. We gave the administration a variety of tools to improve our international efforts.  We have supported coherent programs when they have been explained and defended. Just this week, we gave $3.9 million, in this appropriations bill that we are on, to the Office of Drug Policy so our drug czar can have more equipment to do his work. We have acted in the past to encourage direction and purpose, and it is clear that we need to do this more often. So that is why the task force launched by our majority leader and the Speaker of the House will help us to do that. I happened to be named cochair of that taskforce. I also have the position of Chairman of the Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control.  In both of these efforts, every member of the task force and the caucus--we pledge to do everything we can to put this issue back on the right track, meaning that it is as important a policy concern for us in the Congress as it is for the 94 percent of the people at the grassroots who say it is a major concern, more so than balancing the budget or welfare reform or health care reform. I believe my colleagues will do that.  But there is no task force, there is no caucus, no law that we can pass that is the answer to this problem by itself or even a serious commitment by the administration to this--albeit that is very, very important as an answer. Hopefully, the new appointee as czar highlights that, and he will do that. I feel that he will. We also, though, need a more sweeping, renewed effort to get the word out to a new generation of young people about the harm and wrongs of using drugs.  But our efforts cannot stop or start with just Government action. It is going to take a public commitment to the effort. We have to see communities and families reengaged on the issue. We need parents talking to children. We need a strong, clear message coming from our cultural elite, from the media, and from our community leaders. It is a message that we must continually renew. It is not a sometime thing, Mr. President.  If we do not do this on a concerted basis, we put the next generation at risk. Most importantly, as political leaders, as just part of the element of our total society to accomplish this goal, we have ignored our responsibilities, but so have the other elements of society.  When mothers sell their sons for drugs, when our own military bases are not free of drug trafficking, we have a problem that touches home. While only one American has died in Bosnia, many Americans die from drug use and have their lives ruined by drugs every day. We have a clear interest in doing something meaningful on this issue. It strikes home. The public understands it. The American people support meaningful action. This is a problem that we cannot afford to ignore. It is an issue that can only grow worse if we do not act. That is why the initiative to establish a serious drug policy is critical for the future.  So, I call not just upon my colleagues to work to renew our effort or to renew Congress' leadership on an issue so essential to the health and welfare of the Nation's young, but I call upon all of society to respond accordingly.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  