 China has a population of 1.2 billion, which is one-fifth of the world population, but it has only 7 percent of the world's arable land. So China will continue to import large amounts of its food needs. The good news for the American farmer is that the diet of the Chinese people is changing rapidly. Meat consumption is growing 10 percent per year there, or a staggering 4 million tons annually. So value-added exports will play a very important role in China's future and in the agricultural exports of our country to China.  The potential for growth over the coming decades is extremely high. We are going to have a 75-percent increase of exports to Asia, and 50 percent of that increase by the year 2000 is going to be with China. So by the year 2030 this is going to be a very important market for America and particularly for American agricultural.  It also relates very well with our new farm program. This program will have a declining amount of appropriations for agriculture to a phaseout by the year 2002. So farmers will earn more from the marketplace, and our ability to export is very important in accomplishing this. China, of course, will play a very important role in these exports.  So I think our policy toward China must be one of aggressive engagement. We need to continue to negotiate agreements with the Chinese on trade and other matters as well. We must work to bring China into the world community of nations, and I believe that these actions will ultimately bring about real reform within China. Granting most-favored-nation status should be a part of that policy.  We had a debate in the Finance Committee a few weeks ago about how misleading the term MFN is. It is not something special. As I have already said, it is something that is granted to all but a handful of nations. But with that said, we must still vigorously enforce all of our agreements with China. Trade agreements are not worth the paper they are written on if we are afraid to take appropriate measures of enforcement.  There is a real old saying in the Western United States of ``keep your door unlocked, but if you do, keep a shotgun behind the door.'' I think that is how I see our activities with China. You have to be open with them, but we have to be prepared to make sure that they stick to the agreements as well. So we have the WTO accession negotiations with China coming up. That gives us an opportunity to discuss with the Chinese all of the concerns raised in the MFN debate. We can also use the imposition of 301 sanctions to accomplish our goal.  That is a much better environment than the MFN debate for bringing China to the table and around to the international norms that they say they agree with, the international norms of trade agreements being followed, the international norms of human rights that are in the United Nations Charter, the international norms of rule of law, and you can name a lot of others. China says that they accept them. A lot of people who do not want MFN status say since China does not meet these international norms all the time, we should not grant MFN. But these other environments are the place for those issues to be discussed.  I yield the floor.  