 President, as a member of the Senate Finance Committee that has worked so hard to put these bills on the floor of the Senate, I am very proud, for a third time, to be part of an effort, another effort, I might say, to pass comprehensive welfare reform.  We have passed welfare reform on two separate occasions. The President has vetoed the bill on both of those occasions. So we obviously wonder whether or not he wants an issue or whether he wants welfare reform. Does he want a bill or an issue? He said in the election of 1992 that he wanted to end welfare as we know it.  For sure, the bills that we passed previously ended welfare as we know it. One bill, part of the 1995 Balanced Budget Act, the first Balanced Budget Act Congress would pass in a generation, did welfare reform, saving $58 billion, compared to the $53 billion that this bill saves.  So maybe the President vetoed that because there was something else in that very big Balanced Budget Act that he did not like. Then we took the welfare reform language out of that, and on December 18 passed that, and in early January he vetoed it. So we wonder just exactly what kind of welfare reform the President wants that would satisfy his and our desire to end welfare as we know it.  Until just last weekend, it looked like he would veto the bill that we are talking about today. In his Saturday radio address, however, he said that the Republican Congress was finally--remember that--finally sending him a welfare bill he could sign. That sounds pretty certain, right? But it is not so certain, because he has said similar things in the past concerning the Senate-passed bill and the Governors' proposals. We do not get a definitive answer--even on this bill--do not get a definitive answer of whether he would sign it even after he talked so positively on the radio Saturday. So only time will tell if he will actually sign this bill.  The President seems to be able to have it two ways. Through the TV media and the radio media, he sends a very clear message to the public that he is promoting welfare reform and he is ready to sign something. But then, when you actually try to pin his people down, whether he will sign a certain bill, we do not get the answer. So, to the mass of the public, they hear that we have a President leading on welfarereform. But the truth is that in the Halls of Congress, there is a dragging of feet of whether or not his people will say, yes, he will sign it.  We passed a previous welfare reform bill by a high bipartisan margin of 87 to 12. Like that, this bill that we have before us now creates a block grant to the States to draft their own welfare reform proposals. This eliminates the need to come, hat in hand, on bended knee to the Federal Government under current waiver provisions.  The President has been touted as signing 67--I do not dispute that--for 40 different States. But still you find an environment today where States have to come on hands and knees to beg for permission to make some change in their welfare system so they can put people to work and save the taxpayers money.  So what is different about this approach is that it is finally welfare reform and not just waiver reform. People that do not want to give up the power of Washington to determine everything, their proposals tend to be more waiver reform, not welfare reform. Welfare reform, in the strictest sense of the word, trusts States.  Wisconsin is an example. The President, wanting to beat Senator Dole to the punch when he knew Senator Dole was going to espouse Wisconsin-type welfare reform, the President said that what Wisconsin is doing is what we should be doing. And under existing law, Wisconsin comes, hat in hand, to the Federal Government begging for a waiver. Now, 60 days later they still do not have their waiver. Yet, the President said, flatly, that we ought to be doing what Wisconsin is doing. Within a few minutes after that comment that day he was asked, would he sign it, if Congress passed what Wisconsin did, and he would not say that he would. We still do not know. For sure, if he likes the Wisconsin approach, why has he not granted Wisconsin's waiver?  The importance of this change from waivers to welfare reform or mere waiver reform, which would be nothing compared to welfare reform, is we give power to the States for a very good reason. We passed so-called welfare reform in 1988. It passed this body 96 to 1. It was supposed to save the taxpayers money. It was supposed to move people from welfare to work. What do we see 8 years later? Three million-plus more people on welfare, we have not saved the taxpayers money, and we are not moving people from welfare to work.  In the meantime, we have seen States, like Wisconsin, that even the President said is doing something right--Michigan, Iowa, and a lot of other States, we have actually seen them, regardless of the fact that they have had to come to Washington to get permission to do what they wanted to do--we are seeing States succeeding where Washington has failed. That is why we have great confidence in what we do, of suggesting welfare reform, welfare to be turned over to the States to administer.  My own State of Iowa overwhelmingly passed legislation in April 1993 to change welfare in our State. In order to implement that plan, the State had to seek 18 initial Federal waivers, and more since. Although the State wanted to implement a statewide plan, they were required to have a control group of between 5 and 10 percent who would remain under the old AFDC policies in order to obtain even this initial waiver.  In October 1993, the policies that affected work incentives and family stability were implemented. At that time, there were over 36,000 families receiving assistance in my State with an average monthly benefit of over $373. I just received the latest figures from my State. That caseload of 36,000 is down 12.6 percent to just under 32,000. The average monthly benefit is down 11.7 percent to $330.  In January 1994, the State implemented its personal responsibility contracts, in which each family on welfare commits to pursue independence, and the State commits to provide certain supports to move that family from welfare to work. Before the State implemented welfare reform, only 18 percent of the welfare families in my State on cash assistance had some earned income.  