 President, you can still hear these words echoing from 4 years ago: ``I oppose Federal excise gas tax increases. It sticks it to the lower income and middle-income retired people in the country, and it's wrong.''  Four years ago those words were stated.  These are not my words, Mr. President, these are the words of Bill Clinton who was running for President in 1992 and who was elected.  Just 1 year later after that campaign, President Clinton proposed and won passage of Federal excise gas tax increases. In the process, he really stuck it to the lower income and middle-income retired people in the country and it is wrong, contrary to those very words he used in 1992.  You might say, Mr. President, that he really stuck it to a lot of people more than just the folks who are retired. He stuck it to the entire population across the board--farmers, truck drivers, commuters, bus drivers, vacationers, boaters--you name it, Mr. President, President Clinton really stuck it to them.  In fact, it was done along party-line votes. It was part of the largest tax increase in the history of our country. Not a single Republican voted for it. Democrats controlled the White House and both Houses of the Congress. Their fingerprints alone are all over the scene of this crime, the raising of the biggest tax increase in the history of the country.  This President has a real problem with his record of saying one thing and doing another. We who are elected should perform in office commensurate with the rhetoric of our campaign. We should also expect the President of the United States to do that. And, of course, the examples I am using today are just one of many cases. All of them combine to leave people cynical about their leaders in Government.  Last year, the President was in Houston addressing a group of high-dollar contributors at a Democratic fundraiser. Here is what he told them about his record tax hike of 1993. This is what he said about the biggest tax increase in the history of the country. He said this to his rich friends at that fundraiser: ``Probably there are people in this room still mad at me, at that budget, because you think I raised your taxes too much. It might surprise you that I think I raised them too much, too.''  What is interesting is that this seeming apology was to well-off Americans in Houston from whom he was raising money. But you have not heard the President apologizing to those lower income and middle-income Americans who he really stuck it to and he was speaking to in the 1992 campaign.  In America, I thought that we defined fairness as treating everyone the same. That means rich and poor, black or white. We are all equal. So he apologized to higher income folks in Houston for raising their taxes. Can lower and middle-income Americans and workers in this country also expect an apology from the President? Why is it fair to tax lower and middle-income workers who are trying to save for their future? These are the citizens who need tax relief the most. They have a harder time paying the bills and paying their taxes, whether it is income tax or the gas tax at the pump.  The President's response to our call to eliminate the gas tax was pure political panic earlier this week. Somehow, like selling off a few million barrels would accomplish this problem, but instead it had the effect of a gnat taking a nibble out of an elephant.  I will tell you what would have a bigger impact than selling off the strategic petroleum reserve. The Presidentshould get some of his Cabinet Secretaries to stop their frequent flier trips they have going around the world. That would save much more.  The basic problem with this administration and the other side of the aisle that supports this administration is that their idea of running Government is the old established principle of their party taxing and spending. Translated, that means that the Government's budget goes up while family budgets go down. It is a zero sum gain.  If the Government's budget grows, the family's budget automatically shrinks. This is upside-down economics, and we have seen it before from the other side. So it is not voodoo economics, it is deja voodoo economics. It is called tax-and-spend.  President Clinton and our friends, the Democrats, have it all upside down. Their way has created falling income for workers while increasing the taxes on working Americans. It is a double whammy. It is a one-two punch on the workers of America. It really sticks it to them, something the President said he was going to avoid in that 1992 campaign.  The President should show moral leadership. The President should do the right thing. He should begin by apologizing to lower- and middle-income workers for raising their taxes, like he apologized to those rich Americans at the Houston Democratic fundraiser.  We in this body may not be able to force the President to apologize, but we can do something even better for these people. We must restore their faith in their elected leaders here in Washington. That must have a high priority. We can do that right away by helping the President keep his promise to the people that he made in 1992 not to raise the gas tax because it was going to hurt the retirees and the lower and middle-income working Americans. We can help restore the faith of these people in Washington by repealing the gas tax.  