 President, I am sorry that I went over time, but I will make this last point.  The President in December vetoed the Balanced Budget Act of 1995. This1,800-page bill that we sent to the President was the product of about 8 months of work by the Senate and the House. It was the product of 13 different committees. Every committee had to change the programs that are under its jurisdiction to fit into the effort. That effort was the policy to balance the budget. Our bill did that.  So, once in awhile, I like to reconsider our now vetoed Balanced Budget Act of 1995, because I have been working with other people in the Congress for a long time and we said that we could balance the budget. But, quite frankly, until last year we never delivered on that promise.  We tend to overpromise in Congress which can be wrong. We should be careful not to overpromise. We should perform in office commensurate with the rhetoric of our campaign.  We had promised to balance the budget over so many years in the 1970's and 1980's and early 1990's--the last time we had a balanced budget was in 1969--but we did not succeed, and yet we had promised it. That is why some people are so cynical about some of us in public office.  I suppose if you would have asked me 12 months ago, would we ever have gotten to a balanced budget, I would have been cynical myself about our ability to succeed. I would have said, ``Well, no. It's a good goal, but we'll never get it done.'' I never said that at the time, but that is what I thought. Yet, I am on the committees that have to deliver on it. We were able to produce a budget that the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office declared balanced. And the President vetoed it.  We are going to be able to start, maybe tomorrow morning, to put together another balanced budget act. This will be the balanced budget act of 1996. We will still have a lot of tough decisions to make, but at least now we have the President on record as saying that he was for a balanced budget. He said he was for a balanced budget, only he would do it in 10 years even though our's did it in 7 years. The new one to be taken up soon will do it in 6 years. It will ultimately balance because we said 12 months ago we were going to balance it. At least now we have the President saying he is for a balanced budget. I hope he really is. After June of last year, he said he was for a balanced budget. We passed it, and he still vetoed it.  So the process starts over again. I am not cynical about whether or not we can balance the budget now because we proved to the public we could do it. Most importantly, we had to prove it to ourselves that we could do it, and we did.  So I think that the President has an opportunity now to hopefully reject this business that you can tax people with a gas tax for money that ought to go into the road fund to build safer highways. Currently, President Clinton's gas tax is going to fund a bunch of programs with gasoline user fees that have nothing to do with the people that are using the highways. Here is a way that he could help repeal that. He said he would do it. I hope he sends a message to the minority party up here on the Hill that he will do it.  I yield the floor.  