 President, I am proud to have this long awaited and unique opportunity to address the Chair about a successful conference report on a line-item veto.  Some of us have spent much of our congressional careers fighting against wasteful spending. Under present law, the Chief Executive often cannot join in the battle against waste without the risk of destroying the good along with the extravagant. This line-item veto conference report succeeds in allowing a responsible Chief Executive to join our team of responsible legislators. Indeed, the line-item veto will allow a responsible President to join us in weeding the peoples' legislative garden.  With this line-item veto, a responsible President can attack and cancel out entire dollar amounts in appropriation bills. He may not merely reduce a dollar amount; He may only cancel it entirely. With this line-item veto, a responsible President will attack and cancel out latent direct-spending provisions that would increase future spending. Thus, we will help prevent future deficit increases before they even begin; first, by eliminating a wasteful provision, and second, by dedicating any savings from operation of the line-item veto to a special lockbox for deficit reduction.  In the area of tax expenditures, a responsible President can attack certain flagged and frivolous tax legislation. This line-item veto will instruct the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation to identify and flag any limited tax benefits that may exist in future conference reports of future tax bills. This conference report on the line-item veto defines limited tax benefits as any tax expenditures that would both, lose revenue either in the first year or over the first 5 years, and benefit 100 or fewer persons Then, Congress would add a list of these limited tax benefits to the conference report as a matter of law.  If the Joint Committee on Taxation looks, but does not see, any limited tax benefits, then it may issue a clean bill of health upon the related tax legislation. If the Joint Committee on Taxation does not look for any limited tax benefits, then the Chief Executive may himself look for the limited tax benefits. He would use our same objective measure outlined in the conference report.  Having found waste, a responsible President may effectively take out his ruler and draw a line through any offending legislation. After operating a line-item veto, the President would send a special message back to Capitol Hill outlining his actions. Both Houses of Congress would refer the vetoed line items to the appropriate committees.  The operative Senate committees may then report out a disapproval bill containing the vetoed line items. The Senate would listen to only 10 hours of debate and amendments before voting on a disapproval bill. Thereafter, the President may again see the same legislation because the process would simply start over. The President would then have the Executive powers offered by this line-item veto conference report and article I, section 7 of the Constitution.  Like the Constitution, this line-item veto conference report has many proud cosigners. I want to thank the chairmen and ranking members of the Committees on Governmental Affairs and the Budget. I also want to thank Senators McCain and Coats for their efforts and commitment. Especially for his attention to the line-item veto as it may affect future tax legislation. I want to thank Senator Roth, the able chairman of the Committee on Finance. Finally, I want to thank all those with whom I have always joinedin our tireless efforts to stamp out the Government waste of taxpayer capital.  This is a great day indeed. I urge all of my colleagues to join in support of this conference report on the line-item veto.  