 President, the Administrative Dispute Resolution Act before us, sponsored by myself and Senator Levin, is an amendment to title 5 of the United States Code. This is a law which I originally sponsored back in 1989 with Senator Levin. That 1989 law, also titled the ``Administrative Dispute Resolution Act,'' was crafted to encourage Federal agencies to streamline dispute resolution processes by use of alternative dispute resolution techniques rather than by litigation. These techniques are often collectively referred to as ADR, and include mediation, arbitration, conciliation, fact-finding, and minitrials.  Since the enactment of that law, most Federal agencies have formulated ADR programs and consequently have saved significant amounts of time and money by avoiding litigation of claims. At the same time, agencies haven't sacrificed fairness or party satisfaction. Overall, agencies have recognized the benefits of ADR's efficiency. As an example of the success of these programs, the Environmental Protection Agency utilizes mediation and arbitration to resolve Superfund, Clean Water Act, and Resource Conservation and Recovery Act disputes. The EPA has expressed great satisfaction with the results of these techniques in their resolution of complex regulatory enforcement issues.  In addition, ADR techniques are far less costly than litigation. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation estimated a savings of $13 million in legal costs in the last 3 years alone because of its ADR program. The Resolution Trust Corporation estimated it saved $114 million over the last 4 years using ADR techniques. These examples are proof of ADR's efficiency.  The judiciary has also benefited from adoption of ADR techniques. The U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California estimated savings of almost $44,000 in administrative costs per case after it implemented an early neutral evaluation program. Although the bill before us doesn't include the judiciary, we are in the process of drafting a bill that would encourage the judiciary to adopt ADR programs, which have been in existence on a limited basis. Representative Moorhead's subcommittee has already held hearings on the House side regarding this issue, and I expect to pursue this initiative in my Judiciary Subcommittee this year.  Despite the benefits that both the executive and judiciary branches have derived from adopting ADR programs, improvements can still be made to promote ADR. Many ADR programs haven't been integrated into the daily routines of their agencies. Agencies have had legitimate concerns about confidentiality, fairness, and quality assurance. Further, the original law expired in October of last year, and by not extending this law, progress in agency adoption of ADR techniques has been stalled. The new ADR bill seeks to address these concerns by modifying and clarifying the original act to make ADR more attractive to the agencies in the resolution of their disputes.  The Governmental Affairs Committee, Subcommittee on Oversight of Government Management and the District of Columbia, held a hearing on this bill on November 16, 1995. At the hearing, the bill enjoyed strong bipartisan support. A number of changes were made to further improve the bill. I'd like to briefly summarize the bill as it presently is being proposed and how it will accomplish our goals of promoting the use of ADR techniques.  First of all, the bill removes the term ``settlement negotiations'' from the group of ADR techniques listed in the 1989 act. This won't decrease the effectiveness of the act as settlement negotiations are not and have never been covered by the act as they do not use third party neutrals in resolving conflicts. Abolition of the term merely eliminates agency confusion as to whether settlement negotiation is a statutorily supported ADR technique. It doesn't decrease the scope of the original act. The bill also clarifies ADR techniques by substituting the term ``arbitration'' with ``Use of Ombuds, and Binding or Nonbinding Arbitration.''  The bill addresses agency confidentiality concerns by exempting all dispute resolution communications from Freedom of Information Act disclosure. Although these communications have always been confidential by implication, the proposed bill makes this confidentiality express and clear.  The bill also deletes the Administrative Conference of the United States from the promulgation of agency policy addressing the use of ADR and case management. This acknowledges the unfortunate demise of the Administrative Conference and its consultation with agencies in developing and promulgating agency ADR policies, and the maintenance of rosters of neutrals and arbitrators.  The bill makes it easier for agencies to acquire neutrals by eliminating the requirement of full competitive procedures in obtaining expert services and by allowing the acquisition of neutrals from nonprofit organizations. It also amends the Code to provide that agencies will consult with the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service on encouraging and facilitating agency use of ADR and developing procedures on obtaining services of neutrals.  The bill expands agency use of services to include services and facilities of State, local, and tribal governments. This will allow agencies to take advantage of all available support services in order to implement their ADR activities in the most effective and efficient manner possible.  The bill eliminates the requirement that the validity of all contract claims under $100,000 be certified by the contractor. This change brings the 1989 ADR Act into conformance with the certification levels in the Contracts Disputes Act, thus encouraging the use of ADR techniques in many small disputes where they may be particularly appropriate.  In addition, the bill deletes the so-called escape clause for binding arbitration. Under the 1989 law, a Federal agency had the right to override an ADR decision after it had been entered. These provisions were inserted in the original act because the Department of Justice believed there was a constitutional problem regarding agency ability to ultimately override ADR decisions. In essence, DOJ felt that it was necessary to protect agency interests from the whim of non-judicial decisionmakers. The Administrative Conference argued that parties were reluctant to go through ADR because they believed that an agency could opt out of a final decision and that effectively ADR rulings were nonbinding on the Government. Recently, DOJ has dropped these constitutional concerns. Deletion of these provisions from the law will ultimately further facilitate and promote the use of ADR, by making ADR techniques more attractive to the private sector for solving agency disputes.  Finally, the bill permanently authorizes the ADR Act by striking the sunset provision presently in the law and authorizing such sums as may be necessary to carry out the act.  Mr. President, there has been much progress in the implementation and use of ADR techniques in the Federal Government since I first introduced the Administrative Dispute Resolution Act back in 1989. Passage of this amendment to the act will further this progress by eliminating statutory barriers to ADR use and clarifying statutory language. I hope my colleagues will support this initiative.  