 President, even though we are in morning business, I want to address the issue that was on the floor prior to the vote that we just had. That vote on cloture was our attempt, on the majority side, to stop a filibuster and to get to a vote on reducing the gasoline tax by 4.3 cents.  Once again we have run up against the minority's unwillingness to allow us to have a vote on President Clinton's gas tax. We know it would pass overwhelmingly. The President has already said he would sign it. It seems to me it is something we ought to do.  We had 54 votes--I think that is 53 Republicans and one Democrat vote--to stop debate so we could get to a vote on final passage. We would have more than 51 votes to pass it. So it would pass, but we needed six more votes from the Democratic side to make cloture happen. We did not get them. So we are at a standstill here on this piece of legislation. It is needlessly being held up, and those holding it up are needlessly causing the taxpayers of this country, those people who drive cars, to pay more tax while the price of gasoline continues at a very high level. Consequently, I hope we can bring the repeal of President Clinton's gas tax to a vote. I particularly would like to repeal it because the repeal is something that can be passed very quickly. We know that this is true because it is something that the President said he would sign.  We Republicans strongly feel that President Clinton's gas tax should be repealed because we, en bloc, voted against President Clinton's tax bill of 1993. We knew it was the biggest tax hike in the history of the country, and we felt it would do harm to the economy. We are finding out that it is doing harm to the economy. Even though we have had a recovery, we could have created 3 million more jobs in this recovery, compared to other recoveries, had President Clinton not increased taxes. These are jobs that are not being created because of the damper on the economy that the biggest tax increase in the history of the country has given us, of which the 4-cent gas tax increase was a major part.  I thank the majority leader for calling this bill up that repeals the Clinton gas tax, and for his bringing it to the immediate attention of the Senate.  If I can begin by way of conclusion, I believe the Senate should join the House Committee on Ways and Means in passing a swift repeal of the Clinton gas tax increase of 1993. In 1993 the Committee on Ways and Means, then controlled by Democrats, estimated what this bill would cost the drivers of the various States. They figured what they think it would cost my Iowans, based on the assumption that Iowans drive 12,396 miles per year. I think that this estimate is probably a number that is smaller than what Iowans truly drive. I do not think these estimates by the economists for the Ways and Means Committee include the fact that farmers and many other people in rural America have to drive long distances, not only for their business, but also to get their kids to school and back home every day and all the other things associated with a family. I think the 12,396 miles that was estimated by the Committee on Ways and Means in 1993 is probably too small.  Nonetheless, the Committee went on to say that if you take that 12,396 miles that Iowans would drive on average per automobile, and multiply that times the Clinton gasoline tax increase of 4.3 cents, it is going to cost Iowans an extra $26.66 per year to drive a car. That is assuming a one-driver family. Most families are two-driver families and then would expend twice that amount of money at $53.32.  I think families with children have better use for their $53.32 fuel tax expense than funding the President's big spending habits that were part of his 1993 budget and tax increase. For example, $53.32 for the average family would buy any of the following items in a typical Iowa farm town: 24 gallons of milk at $2.15 a gallon, 67 pounds of apples at 79 cents a pound, 71 cans of tomato soup at 75 cents a can, 14 boxes of breakfast cereal at $3.69 a box, 44 dozen eggs at $1.19 a dozen, 53 loaves of bread at 99 cents a loaf, 60 pounds of hot dogs at 89 cents a pound, and 106 boxes of macaroni and cheese at 50 cents a box.  Alternately, if a family wants to have summer activity for children, $53.32 will buy either three unlimited summer children's passes at the swimming pool or two activity fees for the youth little league baseball program.  These are real opportunity costs affecting real families in my State because we have this gas tax increase that has been a damper on the economy and families. Because Iowa families have been paying the Clinton fuel tax for all of 1993 and all of 1994, you must readily see that President Clinton has denied these families some of these necessities. He has done so, not only once, but he has done it twice.  Now, in 1996, Iowa families desperately need Congress to repeal the President's 1993 fuel tax increase. The American Farm Bureau Federation, which speaks for a lot of people in rural America, agrees with the need for the repeal of the tax. The American Farm Bureau notes that President Clinton's gas tax increase is the first time in which fuel taxes have ever been used for anything other than transportation funding.  The highway trust funds are important to farmers because Iowa farmers need someone to improve rural bridges and roads, not only for getting a family back and forth to town, but also to get their inputs into their farming operations as well as the grain and other products that they produce to market. We find in our State that many of our roads and bridges used by farmers do not currently meet safety engineering standards.  If we need to have a gas tax, then I say let it be spent on roads and highways and bridges to move people. It is a user fee. It ought to be used for that purpose.  This 4.3-cent gas tax increase in 1993 went into the general fund. As Senator Ashcroft, of Missouri, said better than any of us can say, it is a Clinton gas tax increase paid for by people going to work. It goes into a fund that is going to go to programs for those people that do not go to work.  If we are going to tax working people 4 more cents for gas, it ought to go into the road fund so that it is going for the people that are using the roads. So if we take this 4 cents out, and President Clinton still feels that this money ought to be spent on some of these programs with the general fund as their source of revenue, then the President should agree to cut spending elsewhere in the budget rather than taking money that ought to go to build better roads, safer roads, and safer bridges. But his act of 1993 does not build any roads or bridges with his fuel tax.  So the President had an opportunity to cut spending when we passed the Balanced Budget Act of 1995. I like to remind people that because some are cynical about Congress' ability to pass legislation to balance the budget that the Republican Congress succeeded in doing it.  Mr. President, if I am running out of time, I ask unanimous consent for 5 more minutes.  