 President, I thank the Senator from Georgia for his leadership on this very important day, April 15, the day taxes are due for American citizens. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss the issue of the high-tax policies of the President Clinton administration. The high-tax policies of this administration are policies toward the highest taxes in the history of the country. More money is coming in from taxes now than ever before in history, and of course, that money comes from the people.  The tax bill which we find so burdensome is President Clinton's tax bill of 1993, which passed this body. But even all the Democrats would not vote for it, and there was a tie-breaking vote by Vice President Gore. The President's 1993 tax bill, OBRA 1993, was very controversial. President Clinton raised everyone's taxes by a record amount--again, the biggest tax increase in the history of our country.  It also happens that the President had misgivings about his tax increase legislation. He was speaking in October of last year to the attendees at a Clinton fundraiser in Texas when he said that he thought that he raised taxes too much in 1993. I agree with the President.  I want to remind everybody, as the Senator from Georgia does, of the various ways in which the President went about raising taxes at the highest level that they have ever been raised in one tax bill.  He increased the tax on Social Security benefits. Some Americans have to report 85 percent of their Social Security income so it can be taxed again after they have already paid tax on it once.  In addition, he added a new and higher income tax rate which also set the situation in order, which we call the marriage tax penalty, exacerbating it so that people are going to pay a lower tax living together than being married.  He also added new and higher estate and gift tax rates.  He decreased the business meals deduction for the truck driver and for the small business people of America. He hit farmers, truck drivers, and everyone who drives a car or truck with a 4.3-cent-per-gallon increase in the gasoline tax.  In Iowa--I do not know about the rest of the country--this Clinton gas tax costs every two-driver family an average of an extra $53.32 per year.  For small business people, the President hosted a White House conference on small business. He waxed eloquently on the need for expensing deductions, for creating IRA's, for pension simplification, and for estate tax reductions, to name a few. But when Congress passed legislation on those very same issues, President Clinton vetoed not one, not two, but every one of those ideas that he spoke eloquently about at his conference.  For education, he talked about a new tax deduction. But when Congress sent the President my new student loan interest deduction last fall, President Clinton vetoed it, again contrary to what he said he wanted to do. He even hurt families trying to relocate to new jobs by decreasing their deductible moving expenses.  These, Mr. President, are just a few among many of the new, unpopular, and economically hurtful Clinton tax increases.  The troublesome irony is that the President has many people still paying their extra 1993 Clinton income tax increases. People are still paying their 1993 income taxes because the President accomplished something that no other President had done before him. The President managed to raise taxes even before he was sworn into office because the tax rate increase of 1993 was made retroactive at his request.  So those with the mind of softening the blow on people who would have to pay a retroactive tax increase insisted the President at least allow taxpayers to pay the retroactive portions of their 1993 taxes in three separate installments. The first installment was due in 1994. The second was due in 1995. And people just paid their third and final installment of their fiscal 1993 Clinton tax increase today, Monday, April 15, 1996.  So, in October 1995, when the President testified in Texas at his fundraiser that he had raised people's taxes too much, perhaps he meant that he would feel their pain again on April 15, 1996. This is because today the President has given many taxpayers the unique opportunity to be taxed on income of three different years.  Today many taxpayers will pay the last installment of their fiscal 1993 taxes, the balance due on their now higher regular 1995 taxes, and their first quarter estimated taxes for 1996.  Indeed, the only taxable year of the Clinton Presidency that President Clinton is not taxing this very day is 1994. Fortunately, Mr. President, no one is perfect. Even though President Clinton has done his best to raise taxes in a Democratic Congress, and to keep them just as high in a Republican Congress. He did this by vetoing efforts of the new Republican Congress to reduce taxes, particularly the tax deduction that gives a family of four with two children an additional $1,000 more in their pocket to spend.  I believe that we should credit public servants for their good deeds and hold them responsible for their harmful ones.  Apparently, President Clinton must love to raise taxes almost as he loves to deficit spend.  Do not forget Mr. President, that he sent Vice President Gore to this very Chamber to cast that tie-breaking vote on the 1993 tax increase because even all the members of his own party would not go along with it. The voters remember it mostly because they are still paying for it, and will continue to pay for it every day.  In addition, we passed last year a taxpayers bill of rights so that the taxpayer will not have to be intimidated by the IRS during audit, and the President even vetoed the taxpayers bill of rights.  So, Mr. President, annually, this day April 15 brings to mind the complexities and the enormities of the Tax Code.  April 15, 1996 of this year further serves to remind us of the dangerous precedent that President Clinton set with his 1993 tax increase, the biggest tax increase in the history of the country, and the only one retroactive to a period of time before the President was sworn into office.  With his retroactive tax increase, President Clinton is the first President in the history of the Nation to have raised taxes before, during, and after his term of office. Of course, if we are not careful in the future, this may prove to be one of the most memorable and dangerous of the Clinton legacies.  In addition to increasing taxes at the highest level in the history of the country with that tax bill of 1993, the President set in motion an economic situation in which money that would be invested for job creation has created less jobs than during the period when the country was recovering from the recession of 1991 to 1992 by some 3 million jobs.  So, somewhere out there, even though we do have a high level of jobs being created, there are 3 million more people who could be employed if the tax increase of 1993 had not stymied the economy to the point that the people who create jobs were afraid to do it to the tune of 3 million jobs.  I yield the floor.  