 President, I rise to speak to the legislation now before this body that is called the TEAM Act, which is an amendment to the Minimum Wage Act, which, in turn, is tied to the legislation to decrease the gas tax. I speak in favor of the TEAM Act. It is a very good piece of legislation.  That position puts me opposite a union that I used to belong to. The union was the International Association of Machinists. I was a member of that union from February 1962 to March 1971, when the factory I worked for closed down and shut its doors. I was an assembly line worker making furnace registers. We were a sheet metal operation.  The International Association of Machinists, along with most other unions, are against passage of the TEAM Act. I am a Republican and I am proud to be a Republican. When I was a union member, I was proud to be a union member, and if I were still working there today I would be proud to be a union member as well.  But unions do not always speak for all workers, and this is an example, where the labor union leaders in Washington, DC, supposedly representing their members back at the grassroots, are not speaking for the rank-and-file members. I remember, even 30 years ago, rank-and-file members wanted to have something to say about the operation of the plant. They did not want it all to be confrontational. They wanted us to have a cooperative working effort, because with a cooperative working effort, we have more productivity, and the more productivity you have, the greater the chances are of preserving jobs and of having better wages, working conditions, and fringe benefits for the employees.  This is even more important today, because we are competing internationally and must focus on productivity in the labor force. Having friendly relationships between labor and management means more productivity. And we have to be more productive if we are to compete in this global-interdependent market.  So I support the TEAM Act because it would allow employees the privilege to participate in workplace decisions, giving them a greater voice in mutual interests such as quality, productivity, and safety. Current law prohibits this type of participation. This act would, among other things, encourage worker-management cooperation, preserve the balance between labor and management while allowing cooperative efforts by employers and employees, and permit voluntary cooperation between workers and employees to continue.  I also support it because, without this legislation, 85 percent of working folks are not allowed to talk with their employers in employee involvement committees about such things as extension of employees' lunch breaks by 15 minutes; sick leave; flexible work schedules; free coffee; purchase of a table, soda machine, microwave, or a clock for the smoking lounge; tornado warning procedures; safety goggles for fryer and bailer operators; ban on radios and other sound equipment; dress codes; day care services; and nonsmoking policies.  The President indicated he was for this type of legislation in his State of the Union Message this year. At least to me it seemed an indication. He said: ``When companies and workers work as a team they do better, and so does America.''  I happen to agree with the President. Secretary Reich, in a July 1993 feature article in the Washington Post, said:  High-performance workplaces are gradually replacing the factories and offices where Americans used to work, where decisions were made at the top and most employees merely followed instructions. The old top-down workplace doesn't work anymore.  Again, I wholeheartedly agree with the Secretary of Labor. But just a few months ago, at a national union rally in Washington, DC, following a $35 million campaign pledge made to the Democratic Party and a grand endorsement by the AFL-CIO, Vice President Al Gore promised President Clinton's veto of this TEAM Act that is now before the Senate. This is an act that would legalize workplace cooperation between nonunion employees and management.  Union representatives tell me they fear the TEAM Act would prevent them from organizing union shops. Let me emphasize, this act does not apply to union settings, and would not undermine existing collective-bargaining agreements. Under the TEAM Act, workers retain the right, as they should, to choose an independent union to engage in collective bargaining. Mr. President, I plan to continue my remarks this afternoon.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Faircloth). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  