 President, I believe, considering the results of the last vote, where it is very clear that there is a filibuster by the opposition to hold this bill up, it is important that the public have a chance to weigh in because this is such a political issue here trying to avoid this bill coming to the White House to save the President the embarrassment of signing it. When there are this much politics in the issue, and the public at the grassroots weigh in, they can make a considerable impact on the legislative process here in the Congress of the United States.  This may be one of those times when the public can make a difference, because this is clearly such a political move by the other side of the aisle. If politics wins out over right, then in the end wrong wins. It seems to me that the public will not want that to happen and they cannot allow that to stand.  This is such a clear-cut issue. First of all, there are seven employees involved that were fired. We have already taken legislative action for the others, but for Mr. Dale, no, because at the time we took action for the others, his trial was pending. Mr. Dale was subsequently then found not guilty by the jury.  So now we are taking action to do for Mr. Dale the same as we did for everybody else. There was not any debate in this body whatsoever over the action that we took on the others. It went through noncontroversial. The situation with Mr. Dale should be handled the same way. It should have gone through here in what we call wrapup at the end of the day and do it where we do all the noncontroversial measures.  But what we have seen today is politics at its best--politics at its best in the sense that the stonewalling is at its best, to see something that is right not to go on, not to go through, because there might be some embarrassment for the President. The Democrats want to protect the President from that embarrassment. Today what we have seen is kind of a drive-by sabotage of this effort to right the wrong that has been conducted against Mr. Dale, because he was unfairly, wrongfully fired.  Maybe there is no question he could have been fired, but the point is how the White House has tried to explain it and supposedly explain it away as a legitimate way of doing business. All the harm that has come to the family, not only of the employee who was fired, but the family because they have been wrongly treated, wrongly treated by a person who ought to know because he preaches the communitarian spirit that we ought to have one toward the other. That is what the President of the United States preaches.  We ought to have charity. This does not show the charity that the President preaches that we all ought to have one toward the other when somebody is wrongfully fired, when you bring the FBI and the Justice Department to bring a guy to trial. Then he has gotten off, and then we are trying to right that wrong by covering the legal expenses of Mr. Dale. It is wrong for the other side, acting at the behest of the White House, to avoid embarrassment for  the  White  House  for  this  all  to  go on and then at the other time preach a spirit of charity and communitarianism towards one another in this country.  The whole effort is being sabotaged. Worse yet, it is being sabotaged without even the other side engaging in much debate on the issue. They have really succeeded in legislative harassment of Mr. Dale, the same sort of harassment, just in another environment, that has been done against Mr. Dale by the White House, by the Justice Department, by the IRS. Thus continues, as I see it, the White House campaign to avoid embarrassment on this issue.  It is very clearly a clear-cut, right-versus-wrong issue. Politics has won out this day. The President continues to avoid responsibility for his actions. The victims continue to be wronged. That is why when it is so clear-cut, when our judicial system has cleared somebody, then I think it is a time for the American people to weigh in.  I ask the American people to make their voices heard on this issue, to hold the President's feet to the fire. Even if you are a Democrat out there in Main Street America, it seems to me that you want your President to do what is right. What is right is to sign this legislation, to call off the hordes on Capitol Hill that are preventing this measure from coming to a vote, and have the President demonstrate his charitable attitude that he preaches. Tell the President of the United States to show moral leadership, to do the right thing, to sign this bill.  Lastly, if politics wins in this instance, then it wins over right. When that happens, politics wins over right, then wrong wins. The public cannot allow this to stand.  I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  