 President, I wish to speak on the bill that is before us--the bill to reimburse the people that were harmed in the unfair firing at the White House in January 1993, the bill that is for reimbursement to the people that are called the Travelgate 17.  Mr. President, I think it is very obvious that when politics stands in the way of resolving a right or wrong issue, politics always gets trampled. Right means that politics has to be put to the side. Some examples come to mind: The civil rights laws of the 1960's; the end of the defense buildup in the 1980's; the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, which I sponsored.  This bill before us falls into that category. It is to reimburse the Travelgate 7. Now, obviously, it is much less in scope than all of these other major pieces of legislation I mentioned over the last 30 years. However, let me make it very clear that it is a microcosm of the same reality. It is a right and wrong issue. And politics is standing in its way. But I predict that politics will stand in its way only temporarily. Travelgate is the story of an arrogant White House trampling all over the rights of seven dedicated public servants.  The purpose behind the abuse was so that cronies of the President could win the spoils of political gain for themselves.  One of these people was a rich Hollywood producer, friend of Bill, high-dollar campaign contributor, buddy and crony by the name of Harry Thomason. The other was a distant cousin of the President's, Catherine Cornelius.  The White House, apparently including the President and First Lady, unleashed the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Internal Revenue Service, and the Department of Justice to harass these seven citizens. As if that were not enough, the White House also used its authority and its access to the media to conduct a public smear campaign against the seven innocent people. Following something that is too customary in this town, they used leaks, innuendoes, and falsities to continue their public harassment even after their primary target, Billy Dale, was acquitted by a jury, and it only took the jury less than 2 hours of deliberation to declare his innocence.  The net effect of all of this harassment took a real toll--these are real people--not only on the seven employees but maybe even more so on their families as well. These innocent peoplehad their reputations, their dignity, and their psychological well-being suffer at the hands of an irresponsible White House. This is a White House that to this very day refuses to accept its wrongdoing. No one takes responsibility for their firings of these seven people.  What do we get out of the White House? All you get is finger pointing. All you get is passing the buck. By the way, the harassment continues. But now it is not harassment from the White House; it is legislative harassment as we have legislation here trying to right this wrong. So the legislation that has just been laid down for today's discussion, the bill we have before us is to make these seven innocent people economically whole.  Well, maybe you cannot do that, but at least pay for their legal expenses. I do not know how you can right the wrongs that have been committed, but at least there is precedent for legislation to pay for legal expenses, legal expenses for people who were innocent, declared innocent by a jury of their peers.  So activity moves from the finger pointing at the White House to activity up here on the Hill in the legislative process, but the White House is still involved, fanning out its lieutenants to sabotage this bill in the dark of night. The objective of the White House and the opponents of this legislation, the people who are not willing to admit a wrong in the firing of seven innocent people, is to bring this bill down so that the President is spared the embarrassment of signing a bill, the only reason for the existence of which in the first place is that the White House fired seven innocent people. In other words, I might add, the same President who passed the buck in the first place in not taking responsibility for the firings at the White House is behind this effort to sabotage this legislation on the Hill to right this wrong.  The legislative harassment strategy began with Democrat Senators putting a hold on the bill. For those watching who maybe do not understand how Congress works, a hold is a way that any Senator can prevent a bill from being considered, and the instigator of any hold does not have to identify himself. He can do it in the secrecy of the Cloakroom out of the public's eye. But last week the people with the hold were smoked out. The rock was lifted. And the instigators of the hold went scurrying for cover of darkness once again. Having retreated from the back room, they are now positioned at the next line of defense, out on the floor of the Senate to use a legislative roadblock. It is called muddying the waters, or in this case you might say the ``whitewaters.''  This strategy goes like this: how can we as opponents bog down the bill on a technicality or some counter argument that sounds reasonable but gives us sufficient cover so that we can filibuster the underlying legislation, the Travelgate bill, that pays the legal expenses of seven innocent people who were fired within the first month that the Clintons came to office.  So the White House, getting their lieutenants on the Hill to take all this activity against this simple little bill, comes up with a counterargument: If the Travelgate seven are going to get reimbursed, why not reimburse everyone associated with the Whitewater investigation? And they also came up with a technicality. They say we just want to use this bill as a vehicle for other items that are on our agenda. They would argue it is our right as minority Members of this body.  So here we are, Mr. President, with politics getting in the way of a right and wrong issue, where right ought to win out, but politics, if it is played correctly and sophisticated enough, can win. If we cannot deal with apples, let us just throw in some oranges. Put it into the mix. Confuse the situation. So now in this Chamber to fool the public we are dealing with apples and oranges legislation generated by the other side of the aisle because they want to protect the President not having to veto this legislation.  However, political barriers to correcting a wrong will not stand. Ultimately, public opinion will weigh in against the Democrats and the White House on this issue. All the harassment strategies to save the President from embarrassment will only make the final embarrassment bigger and worse. It is inevitable. It is predictable. It will happen. You cannot forever cover up wrong in our open society.  There is a moral to this story: Nothing is politically right which is morally wrong. I wish to repeat the moral of the story: Nothing is politically right that is morally wrong.  That is why all this political maneuvering is destined to fail. The public will not tolerate political interference with righting a wrong. Frankly, it is time that the President of the United States, the occupant of the White House, take responsibility for his actions in firing these seven dedicated public servants. What do we get instead? He continues the campaign to prevent his own embarrassment over the firings. The truth is if the firings and the circumstances were not wrong, there would be no embarrassment. But the obvious fact is the firings were wrong.  Why should we expect the President of the United States to accept responsibility for his actions? First of all, because he is the President of the United States. In that position, he is the moral leader of our Nation. A leader is expected to take responsibility for his actions or for those who act in his stead. That includes both good actions and bad actions.  Furthermore, I think the President himself has spoken out very loudly and clearly about responsibility and, in his saying this, implied that he saw the Office of the Presidency as one for moral leadership and he was going to assume that moral leadership because of things that he said when he was a candidate. While running for office in 1992, he said the following: ``Responsibility starts at the top. That's what the New Covenant is all about.''  In a further quote, and this was criticizing, in 1992, then-President Bush, candidate Clinton had this to say: ``The buck doesn't stop with George Bush; it doesn't even slow down there.''  I think it is fair to say that on this issue, the buck does not even slow down with the President. In fact, I have rarely seen a buck change hands so many times. From the perspective of the Office of the President and its occupant being moral leader for our Nation, what kind of example does that set for the American people? What kind of moral leadership is that? Each time that a leader fails to take responsibility for his actions, he undercuts his moral authority to lead. Over time, a leader like that loses the confidence of those he is leading, the people of our country.  So, more so than anything else that deals with this issue, dollars and cents aside, righting wrongs aside, that is the issue here, that is the reality of whether moral leadership is going to be the example at the White House. The bill is all about Congress taking the initiative to right a wrong, and those trying to block it are conspiring against the President taking responsibility for his mistakes. But the issue is moral leadership of the White House, a President saying when he is wrong that he is wrong.  So I urge my colleagues on the other side to save the President any more embarrassment. Stop legislative shenanigans. Work with us to do what little we can to repair what was unjustly done to seven dedicated public servants, innocent by a determination of the jury, unfairly fired within just a matter of days of a new President being sworn in.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  