 President, I am disappointed to have just learned that Mexican officials have arrested Ricardo Cordero. Mr. Cordero came to our attention this week with articles in the Washington Post and other papers in our country because of charges he made about the degree of narcotics-related corruption in Mexico's counterdrug efforts.  When I read those articles, the thought came to my mind, how come this guy is still in Mexico? He will be assassinated, executed, or something. But anyway, now he is arrested. It has been on charges of corruption and taking bribes himself.  I do not want to comment on the merits of those charges. He could be guilty, of course. But what concerns me, and what needs to concern all of us in this body,Cordero's accusations made this week printed in our own newspapers.  The arrest has the appearance of retaliation and intimidation. It gives the impression that instead of investigating his allegations, that the messenger, in fact, has been punished. If this is the case, then it raises further doubts about the ability of Mexico to take serious steps to end corruption and to deal with the problems posed by drug trafficking.  Even if Mr. Cordero is guilty of the charges brought against him, it is a clear indication of the thorough-going nature of corruption in the counterdrug fight in Mexico. If he is innocent, however--and at least in ourcountry we would believe that he is innocent at this point--then his arrest is an example of a system that is on the verge of going out of control.  I want to make it clear here that we will be following Mr. Cordero's arrest closely. How his case and his personal safety are handled will be the subject of considerable attention. I know that bureaucracies hate whistle-blowers, here or, I am for sure, they hate them in Mexico as well. The integrity of public institutions, however, can only be maintained if people in those institutions, with regard for documentation, are able to tell their stories without retaliation.  Mr. Cordero's case is very disturbing. And if it should prove to be a case of retaliation, it does not speak well of Mexico's ability to deal seriously with the problems of corruption.  I call on the Mexican Government to resolve this case quickly, and, of course, fairly. I ask our own U.S. administration, even those of us here in the Congress, to monitor this case very closely. And in the case of the administration, please keep Congress informed. I expect Mr. Cordero's rights--most importantly, his personal safety--will receive particular attention. Thank you.  