 President, first of all, I want to commend Majority Leader Lott for taking up the Taxpayer Bill of Rights II so that we can consider and pass this necessary legislation quickly. I have worked with others for a long time to finally get this done.  As most taxpayers have struggled to file their taxes by the deadline last April 15, and we recognize Tax Freedom Day today, the issue of taxpayers' rights takes on a special importance. Although most IRS employees provide valuable and responsible service, taxpayer abuse by the Government is an ongoing problem. With this in mind, I am very happy to have joined Senator Pryor and others in reintroducing the Taxpayer Bill of Rights II in the Senate, as S. 258. This is very necessary legislation that builds upon the original Taxpayer Bill of Rights passed into law in 1988, sponsored by Senator Pryor and myself.  For me, the long process of trying to ensure taxpayer protections began in the early 1980's, when I was a member and then chairman of the Finance Subcommittee on IRS Oversight. We made progress, but it was only the beginning.  Senator Pryor helped continue the cause when he succeeded me as chairman in 1987. At that time, he took the initiative and asked me to work with him in pushing for a Taxpayer Bill of Rights by expanding legislation I and others had introduced. It took nearly 2 years, but we ultimately succeeded in achieving this goal.  We now have a 7-year record of implementation regarding the Taxpayer Bill of Rights. Great strides toward taxpayer protection were achieved through this legislation.  However, the Taxpayer Bill of Rights of 1988 was never expected to be the final chapter of the book on taxpayer protection. But, it was a major step in the continuing process of stamping out taxpayer abuse. And that process continues today, as we look into ways to improve the current law.  In reviewing the record, it is clear that much more needs to be done. There is no question that much more needs to be done. There is no question that breakdowns in implementing the law have occurred, and there are gaps in the law that need to be filled.  For instance, we believe the current ombudsman position is too limited and too beholden to IRS insiders. Our legislation will turn the ombudsman into a more independent office of taxpayer advocate that will have expanded powers to take the initiative in helping taxpayers who are being treated unfairly by the IRS.  Other important provisions include the abatement of interest with respect to unreasonable errors or delays by the IRS. Taxpayers would also have to be notified when and why installment agreements are terminated.  We also substantially increase the amount of civil damages taxpayers can claim for unauthorized collection actions, and taxpayers will not have protections against retroactive IRS regulations. And, of course, there are many more taxpayer protection provisions in the bill.  Mr. President, we were successful in passing a similar proposal through the Congress in 1992. However, the underlying legislation that the proposal was attached to was vetoed by former President Bush for reasons unrelated to taxpayers rights. So, we have come back again in the last two Congresses, working toward final passage.  Since 1987, Senator Pryor and I have worked in a cooperative, bipartisan effort to further taxpayer rights. We have continued working with the House to improve taxpayer rights. Congresswoman Johnson and Chairman Archer are commended for their successful efforts to pass this bill out of the House.  This is truly a bipartisan effort. Even President Clinton mentioned to me last year that he supported our efforts.  And we have had quite a few meetings with IRS and Treasury officials, who finally came to understand and agree that problems exist and need to be dealt with.  So, I urge my colleagues to join us in the cause to help make the IRS more responsible and more accountable to the taxpayers of this country.  