 Dale for his legal expenses that were attributed to him in his defense when the jury found him innocent of the wrongdoing he was charged with supposedly at the running of the White House Travel Office and his firing by the White House, I want to continue my discussion of this legislation by referring to one of the evening news shows. I believe it is NBC that has a segment called ``In Their Own Words,''that lets real people tell a story in their own words without the filter of a journalist's slant on that story. I would like to do my own version of ``In Their Words.''  On January 24 of this year, a hearing was held in the other body by the Committee on Government Reform and Oversight. The witnesses included the seven fired from the White House Travel Office. I want my colleagues to know firsthand of the indignity suffered by these seven at the hands of our leaders in the White House. So, for the Record, I will quote these seven employees in their own words from their own testimony, their own prepared statements before the House committee.  The first statement--and I am not going to quote the whole statement, just portions of it--the first statement is by Billy Dale, the person that the legislation before us involves. He was former director of the White House Travel Office. These are a couple paragraphs from his statement:       It was not easy for me or my family. We were subjected to      the most intense intrusions and harassment you can imagine.      We were sustained during those very difficult times by our      faith and the many friends and professional colleagues who      stood by our side.       I had hoped that after the jury found me not guilty so      quickly, we could return to the very quiet and simple life we      used to live. However, since the release of David Watkins'      memorandum describing how he was supposedly pressured to fire      the entire staff at the White House Travel Office, I have      been subjected to false attacks at least as vicious as the      ones I was tried and acquitted. This time, however, there is      no trial pending.  To further quote at another point in Mr. Dale's testimony:       What matters to me is that fancy lawyers and others who      speak for the White House not be allowed to get away with the      lie that my colleagues and I were involved in other kinds      of wrongdoing. It also matters to me that people not be      allowed to spread the equally vicious lie that I was      willing to plead guilty to embezzlement before trial. And,      finally, it matters to me that these same people not be      allowed to tell the public that the Travel Office was      cleaned up and is now managed better.  A further quote from Mr. Dale at another point in his testimony:       All these facts lead us to conclude that the financial      mismanagement that the White House says is the reason we were      fired is just a convenient excuse. If the President or the      First Lady or anyone else wanted us out in order to give the      business to their friends and supporters, that was their      privilege. But why can't they just admit that that is what      they wanted to do, rather than continue to make up      accusations to hide that fact?  Another person who testified before the House Government Operations Committee is Barney Brasseux, and I quote from his testimony:       For me, the 19th of May, 1993 was the beginning of a      difficult time and the first of several eventful days that      turned my life upside down. I was fired, told to vacate the      premises within 2 hours, driven out of the White House in the      back of a cargo van with no seats, implicated by the White      House in criminal wrongdoing and placed under investigation      by the United States Justice Department, even though I had no      financial responsibility whatsoever in the office.       Many questions and concerns have been raised in these      reports regarding the handling of our termination. The manner      of our dismissal, the damage to our reputations, the impact      of this action on our families, the possible involvement of      the First Lady of the United States, and the role of the      Federal Bureau of Investigation are just a few. All of these      issues are very important to me and I trust to you as well.  A further quote from John P. McSweeney. The title of his position at the White House was assistant to the director, White House Travel Office:       Although I have been a registered Democrat for 44 years, it      was not a political but a civil service appointment. This      came to an abrupt halt while I was on leave in Ireland when      my son Jim called to inform me that the evening news shows      had just announced that the entire staff of our office had      been fired and that the FBI was starting an investigation for      possible criminal activity.  Continuing to quote Mr. McSweeney:       Although the White House recognized that not all of us had      any financial authority, for the next 30 months we all became      part of a full-blown Department of Justice investigation with      Billy Dale as their target. For myself, it involved FBI      agents interviewing my neighbors, two grand jury appearances,      two Justice Department and FBI interviews, and one meeting      with the IRS, along with legal fees of over $65,000 of my      retirement funds.       Over time, where before I had been intimidated, it now      turned to complete frustration as the White House had free      reign with the media in putting out its story while we were      muzzled by the Justice Department. They presented me with a      letter that stated that I was not a subject or target of      their investigation at the present time, which meant that      anything I said could be used against me.  Again, from Mr. McSweeney, he had this to say:       We were already described as no more than glorified bellmen      for the press. I would only quote the President at his press      conference of last week when he said, ``an allegation is not      the same thing as a fact'' and also that [quoting the      President] ``the American people are fundamentally fair-     minded.'' [End of quote of the President.]  Mr. McSweeney goes on to say.       I would hope that he [meaning the President] would repeat      his statement to some of his spokesmen.       Along these same lines, during your hearings of last week,      a new so-what, who-cares attitude seemed to be the new theme      for some in this room. During a recent First Lady interview,      Mrs. Clinton expressed, as would any parent, how concerned      she was and the effort she had made to help her daughter cope      with hearing the many negative comments being made about her      mother.       Blanche Dale, unfortunately, was not able to do so for her      daughters over the past 30 months. She had to sit and watch      as her daughter Kim who, 2 days after returning from her      honeymoon, had to report to the Department of Justice and      show how she had paid for her wedding, her reception, her      honeymoon, and, since we were present at her reception,      answer questions about any discussions we may have had.       Her daughter Vickie, when interviewed by the Justice      Department, in explaining that she was giving her cash car      payments to her father so that he could deposit them in the      White House Credit Union for her, was asked if she was not      uncomfortable with giving her cash to someone who was      stealing money from the Travel Office.       To those who say so what, you should remember that the      American people may have a gray area on legalese, but they      know right from wrong.  That is the end of quoting from the House document.  The American people do know right from wrong. That is why a jury of peers of Mr. Dale acquitted him. That is why this legislation is before us, because the American people do know right from wrong. But the White House has not admitted right from wrong yet.  So, Madam President, I want to conclude by saying something that Shakespeare had to say in the play ``Othello,'' because the character of Iago in that play seemed to sum up nicely what each of these seven employees and their families went through. I will quote from Shakespeare.       Who steals my purse steals trash. But he that filches from      me my good name, robs me of that which not enriches him, and      makes me poor indeed.  That is what we are talking about here, Madam President. And this bill before us does not even begin to address what really makes these citizens poor. Money alone cannot do it, but this bill is a start. So I urge my colleagues to help make a start for them on their road to recovery.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  