 President, the issue before us is not just the city government of Washington, DC, because that general issue is not what is holding up this legislation. The issue is whether or not the children of the District of Columbia ought to have a better education and a better educational system. And if that educational system does not evolve, then that the poor of the District of Columbia would have the same opportunity as the rich of the District of Columbia to make sure their children have an equal educational opportunity. And that revolves around whether or not school vouchers ought to be available to the poor of Washington, DC, so that they can have then the same educational opportunities as the rich of this city who choose to send their children to private schools.  Now, I have not historically promoted the wholesale move to school vouchers because I have in the past only supported a limited demonstration program that would provide school vouchers to poor families that reside in troubled school districts.  Obviously, the District of Columbia falls into that category. But it is certainly an idea, the idea of school vouchers, that deserves a chance. And more importantly, it may give many poor children in the District of Columbia a chance for a better education.  How ironic. We have been told that the President's advisers may suggest a veto. How ironic that this very same President, when he was Governor of Arkansas, supported a voucher program. Thank goodness for a candid story in the Post explaining why the President of the United States now has a different view. The Washington Post last Sunday showed why President Clinton flip-flopped on school vouchers and why the other side of the aisle is in lockstep behind him in opposition to this bill. You see, it is the special interests. Now, in Iowa, special interest when it comes to education means children or, if it is not education, it means the elderly or the disabled veterans, but here in Washington the special interests are fellows waving big checkbooks. The special interest in this case is the National Education Association which provided $4.4 million to Federal office seekers, virtually all of them Democrats, according to the Washington Post story.  So I do not want to hear from the other side of the aisle how they are voting to save education when they vote against cloture. They are not voting for the children's interest of the District. They are voting for the special interests of the District.  Incredibly, many people in the White House and in Congress who oppose this small effort to give children of working families a chance send their own children to the most expensive private schools in the city. I hope as they drive their sons and daughters to their elite academies that they can roll up the tinted windows of their cars and, thus, will not have to look at the children who have no chance, and they can shut out the noises of those children asking for a chance.  The Post story recounts that President Clinton told the NEA after he was elected that he would not ``forget who brought me to the White House.''  No, President Clinton has not forgotten his big special interest friends. Unfortunately, it is the children of the poor struggling to get a good education who have been forgotten by this White House if they, in fact, veto this bill.  I hope my colleagues will do the right thing for the children of the District and vote for this bill and givethem a chance for a better education tomorrow and a better future as a result thereof.  