 President, I want to speak for a few minutes as a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, not as a colleague of my colleague from New York as a member of the Finance Committee, and I want to discuss the 1995 farm bill, which obviously is not going to be a 1995 bill. It will be a 1996 farm bill if and when we ever get one passed.  It is January 23, 1996, but the farm bill that should have been in place by early fall, 1995, is still unresolved. So all across the country farmers are buying their seed, meeting with their bankers, making plans to cultivate and grow crop, all without knowing what the next farm program will be.  When I say it should have been done by early fall, I want to make clear to my colleagues that the reason for this is that when you do fall tillage, preparing the fields for the seed of the next spring, you need to make those decisions at harvest time of the crop that grew in 1995.  In a very real sense of the word for people who are planting crops in the Southern States of our great country, those are important agriculture regions, as well, they are only 2 or 3 weeks away from planting. In my State, it is going to be 2 months until we reach that point.  Everybody ought to understand that it is not the day you go to the field that you decide on certain things related to the 1996 crop. You need to know that months ahead of time. One of those factors--maybe farmers would rather not have this be a factor--but one of those factors is, what is the Government program toward agriculture? Probably in each of the last, except for 1 or 2 years out of the last 20 years, there has not been any slowness on the part of the Congress in this regard. Farmers have known well in advance what the Government's position was on agriculture and their decisions could wisely and timely be made in preparation for the next year's crop.  Now here we are, January 23, 1996, and we still do not let the farmers of America know what the Government's program is toward agriculture.  In the last few weeks, Mr. President, there has been a lot of finger pointing as to who was responsible for this situation. Some Members of the other side of the aisle would have you believe that Congress failed in its responsibilities to act on the farm bill last year. They would have you believe that Congress held no hearings, had no floor debate, and passed no farm bill.  Mr. President, not only do I come to the floor to urge quick resolution of the lack of a farm bill, but I think that we should also set the record straight. Basically it means taking the politics out of this debate. It is time to leave the ideology to the side. It is time to get down to the very important practical aspect that in the upper Midwest where my State of Iowa is, within 2 months of farmers going to the field, and right now in the Southern States of the United States they are probably 2 weeks from that point. It is time to put our constituents and our farmers above political posturing in Washington and enact a farm bill into law.  Contrary to the rhetoric coming from our Democratic colleagues in this body, in this Chamber, and also through the media, particularly my colleagues from the other side of the aisle, this Congress did act on the commodity provisions of the farm bill. Last year the Senate Agriculture Committee held at least 15 hearings, heard testimony from over 150 witnesses. Then in October the Senate debated and passed the commodity provisions of the farm bill as part of the Balanced Budget Act.  While I am talking about the Balanced Budget Act, and farmers are asking about the farm provisions that were in it, I also take advantage of the opportunity to say to the farmers of the United States, there are probably more important provisions in the Balanced Budget Act of 1995 than the commodity provisions that they ought to be aware of that are going to benefit agriculture to a greater extent than even the commodity provisions.  That would be, first of all, balancing the budget, reducing interest rates 1.5 to 2 percentage points a year. Multiply that times a $160 billion debt in agriculture and that adds up to real money in the pockets of farmers of America, just from balancing the budget.  Two other provisions very helpful to getting young people into agriculture, passing land and operations on from one generation to another generation of farmers, are the capital gains tax reduction and increasing the exemption, the estate tax exemption, and also having a special exemption, which was in this bill, when small businesses and farms are passed on to people within the family, an exemption of $1 million. This is what it is going to take, in rural America, to get young people into agriculture.  But I want to repeat that even though there were all these other good things for agriculture in the Balanced Budget Act, we did have the commodity provisions of the 1995 farm bill in that act. The Senate did debate and did pass a farm bill in 1995. Not only was there debate on the floor of the Senate at that time, but there were at least five amendments relating to the farm bill that were offered, debated, and voted on by the Senate.  These amendments included a very comprehensive farm bill alternative, a proposal put forward by our colleagues on the other side of the aisle. That specific alternative was rejected by the Senate by a bipartisan vote of 68 to 31.  So, what happened to the farm bill that we passed last year? As you know, it passed both Houses of Congress and was sent to the President for his signature. Unfortunately, the farm bill, as well as all these other good provisions of the Balanced Budget Act of 1995, was vetoed by the President. That is the reason why, on January 24, 1996, we are still discussing a 1995 farm bill.  Let us start this year with a clean slate by setting the record straight. The Republican Congress debated, voted on and passed a farm bill in 1995. Now maybe we can get beyond the politics of this issue and do what is best for our farmers. The farmers of this country deserve to know what the farm program will be this year and they need to know as soon as possible. The time for delay is over. The farmers also need to know what both sides want in a new farm bill.  The farm bill passed by the Republican majority in 1995 represents the most significant reform in farm legislation in the last 60 years. Under this provision, farmers will no longer have their planting decisions dictated by the politicians and the bureaucrats in Washington, DC. The reality of the budget crisis in Washington dictates that farmers must--and it is what farmers want to do--earn more of their income from the marketplace as opposed to the Federal Treasury.  If that is the case--and that is the environment we are in, the budget realities as well as the realities of the foreign trade environment, the freeing up of foreign trade--if this is the case, then, the farmers are going to get less support from the Federal Treasury. The shackles of Government regulation and the red tape that is inherent therein must be removed so that U.S. farmers have a fair chance to compete with our foreign competitors.  The farm provisions contained in the Balanced Budget Act do this. They remove the planting restrictions imposed on the farmers. They remove the Federal Government's authority to require that productive farmland be removed from production. In short, they send a very clear signal to the rest of the world that the U.S. farmer will compete for every sale in every marketplace.  