 The comprehensive farm bill that was signed into law earlier this month made a number of significant reforms to our Federal agriculture policy. Among these reforms was a change in how the U.S. Department of Agriculture extends credit to certain types of borrowers. This new policy is necessary to ensure the sound investment of taxpayer dollars.  Specifically, section 373 of the act prohibits the Secretary of Agriculture from making or guaranteeing loans to borrowers who have received debt forgiveness in the past. Debt forgiveness is defined as a writeoff or reduction of a direct or guaranteed loan or discharge of debt through bankruptcy.  Although I was not on the Agriculture Committee last summer when the credit title was marked up, it is my understanding that no member from either side of the aisle objected to this provision. Also, this section was not subject to amendment during the floor debate in February.  So we are not necessarily arguing with the policy of this section. But there are farmers who had applied for their annual operating loans in February or March, who expected to receive this financial assistance. They have been caught in the pipeline, so to speak, through no fault of their own. This group of farmers were eligible for these loans when they applied. But under the new farm bill they are ineligible.  It is only fair to give these farmers a period to adjust to the new rules. That is all this bill does. It does not change the reform-minded policy put in place by section 373. It merely moves back the implementation date of the section to allow the Farm Service Agency to process these loan applications and release the money to these borrowers. More importantly, this bill gives the farmers subject to this section an opportunity to adjust to a significant change in policy that could adversely affect their business.  This Congress passed a revolutionary farm bill, characterized by long-needed reforms. But we must remember that these changes affect real people, like family farmers. Therefore, it is necessary that sufficient transition time be given so that farmers can adjust and modify their business practices accordingly.  