 President, on March 19, I began a series of speeches on this floor. The subject--the common thread in these speeches--has been the void in moral leadership at the White House. What this means is simply this: The President and the First Lady are failing to set a good example for the American people.  These are failures of the most basic principles that Americans expect from their leaders: Failures like accountability; taking responsibility for one's actions; straightforwardness and candor; the public trust. The breakdown of these principles has eroded the President's ability to show strong leadership. It has undercut his moral authority to lead. The best way to lead is by example. If this is true, then White House leadership is truly lacking.  In my previous speeches, I gave illustrations of my observations. I identified specific actions from each of Whitewatergate, Travelgate, and Cattlegate. And I showed how these illustrations are of great significance to the average citizen.  In my March 22 speech, I referred to a familiar quote from John Mitchell. He was an Attorney General in the Nixon administration. He's remembered as saying, ``You will be better advised to watch what we do instead of what we say.''  People all across America now are discovering the secret of politicians who give the profession a bad name. People in this town have known this little secret for a long time. The secret is this: Say what the public wants to hear, but then do whatever you want. By the time they figure out what you did, you can point the finger at someone else.  The governing-industry in Washington has mastered this game.  It has created a process designed to avoid accountability. It is designed to avoid taking responsibility for one's actions. Most data are presented in a way that avoids measuring performance. They are designed to show that everything is always rosy under their watch.  Think of how a used car dealer often buffs up a lemon of a car until it gleams--to gloss over all the defects. Unless you know about cars and what to look for, you might be tempted to buy that pile of junk because it looks so pretty. A few months later, you suddenly discover that the parts are falling off right there on the highway.  This is what our Government is like. They tell the taxpayers all the great things they are getting in this budget, or that bill. What a deal. And the people buy it. But after a while, all they see are piles of debt, a rising tax burden, growing job insecurity, serious social pathologies, and rampant crime and drug use. Do you see the analogy, Mr. President?  The question is, How can we be told everything is going to be rosy, and yet it turns out so bad? The answer is, We listened to what they said, not what they did. We made the mistake of falling for the ol' political soft shoe routine, the ol' used car pitch. They did a bait and switch on us, and we took the bait. Many of us here in Congress have worked hard to shine a big spotlight on this racket. We have tried to expose some of the games played that create the illusions--just like Dorothy exposed the Wizard of Oz.  For instance, by showing systematic bias in budget estimating, we were able to cause the Congressional Budget Office to produce more realistic estimates of Congress' budget decisions. For the lay person, all this means is, we can now better estimate how much our income and outgo will be. Before that, we were always unjustifiably optimistic. We always assumed we would have a flood of revenues pouring into the Treasury.  Why? Because that way we could keep the spending faucets on full blast.Things did not look so expensive as long as we could cook the books and show a rising tide of revenues. The shell game was on, Mr. President. It got us all re-elected, but it also got us in a ton of debt. I call this problem the Narcotic of Optimism.  There are other examples of attempts by some of us to expose Government by illusion. Let me just describe some that I have taken the lead on, just to illustrate what I am saying:  First, most recently, I and my colleagues in both the House and Senate forced the President's AmeriCorps Program to clean up its act. It is a program that was paying $29,000 per volunteer. Imagine the taxpayers paying $29,000 per volunteer. This gave boondoggles at the Pentagon a real run for their money.  We poured through AmeriCorps' documents during a 2-year battle. We shined a big spotlight on the program's activities and costs. We showed where the bulk of the money was going--overhead and bureaucracy. We have now reinvented the program.  Before this, the program never lived up to the President's lofty rhetoric. Now, it has a chance to do what the President says it will do.  Second, I worked hard, with the help of many of my colleagues, on protecting whistleblowers, who are the footsoldiers of the war to expose Government illusions. Every administration waxes poetic about how much they honor whistleblowers. But as soon as our backs are turned, Government managers search them out like a heat-seeking missile.  That is because whistleblowers, want the truth out; Government does not. Congress has toughened up the laws protecting whistleblowers. And we are always on the vigil.  Third, I have worked to pass or bolster initiatives that detect and measure bureaucratic sleight of hand at the Pentagon. We created an independent office of testing to make sure our troops have fully and effectively tested equipment. We were not getting that before.  We have also worked on numerous financial reforms that expose cost and budget problems. All of these are designed to make it easier for us to see what the Pentagon is actually doing, as opposed to what they say they are doing.  I have been at this kind of reform since I first joined the Senate in 1981. Sometimes it is a lonely battle. I often think I can live to be 100 years old and work on reforms non-stop, but I will still only make a dent because the problem is so big.  That is what Presidents are for. Presidential leadership can make the biggest difference in the world. The credibility of the presidency, as leader of the executive branch, can bring leadership to bear on the system and really shake things up. The President has not just the ability to do this, but the responsibility to do it as well.  In fact, Mr. President, these were the types of things that Bill Clinton pledged to do as a Presidential candidate in 1992. He would expose and put an end to the illusions game in Washington. That is what he promised. And that would help put on an equal footing those who had played by the rules, yet had failed to get ahead. And so the American people put their thrust and faith in Bill Clinton to lead the way.  After 4 years, however, a different picture has emerged. As I have specifically laid out in my previous speeches, the President has failed in such leadership, because he has failed to set the proper example.  For instance: How can this President end cronyism and favoritism? He fired innocent, low-level public servants in the White House Travel Office, and gave the travel business to a family member and a slick Hollywood buddy. What kind of example is that for equal treatment and fairness?  How can this President end the failure in this town to take responsibility for one's actions? When the Travelgate Seven were fired, fingers were pointed at others for having made the decision to fire them. What kind of leadership is that? What kind of example is that? How can this White House end the enormous problem in this town of cover-up, and lack of candor and straight shooting?  The mysterious appearance of the Whitewater documents in the White House reading room were blamed on the Document Fairy. Whenever the First Lady or her staff are questioned in either the Whitewatergate or Travelgate affairs, no one can recall a thing.  In my speech of March 28, I gave an example of this. On March 21, the First Lady responded to questions from Chairman Clinger of the House Committee on Government Reform and Oversight. The subject matter was, who knew what, when, about the firing of the Travelgate Seven. In 16 pages of responses, I counted 54 instances of ``I cannot recall;'' ``vague recollection;'' ``it's hard to remember;'' and so on. Anything but candid, Mr. President. And this from people who are at the very top of their profession--the legal profession--in terms of intelligence and competence. That is kind of hard to swallow.  Moral leadership means leading by example. If you are a leader, that means the people expect you always to be candid in what you say; they expect you to treat everyone fairly and equally; they expect you to be accountable and take responsibility for what you do, both good and bad. That is what people expect in their leaders.  The American people are not getting that kind of leadership from this White House, Mr. President. Instead, they are seeing their leaders commit acts of favoritism, cronyism, avoiding responsibility, cover up. When people who work for such leadership see this, they follow the leader. People tend to do what their leaders do. Could this be why there are an unprecedented four independent counsels looking into questionable actions of Clinton cabinet secretaries?  We certainly should not be surprised at this record-setting pace for investigating high-level government officials.  I have been searching for an explanation for why an administration that promised to change all this is instead caught up in it, at record levels. I think I may have found a clue. It is a quote from this week's Time magazine. The article is called ``Clinton's Stealth Campaign.'' It is written by Eric Pooley.  Here is what it says:       Since the Republicans control Congress, he [meaning,      President Clinton] opted for an illusion of control, which      suits him just fine. In this almost holographic approach,      speeches are as important as substance and rhetoric becomes      its own reality. For this President, says senior adviser      George Stephanopoulos, ``words are actions.''  Do you see, Mr. President? Here is a senior adviser to the President saying ``words are actions.'' There is no distinction. Either this shows a breakdown of leadership, or it reflects very questionable leadership from the top down--remember I mentioned that workers tend to do what their leaders do. This practice--as articulated by a White House senior adviser--turns John Mitchell's adage into something you would read in Kafka, or Orwell. It turns Mitchell's statement on its head. In effect, it is a sly, Washington way of saying ``watch what we say, not what we do.'' It says ``watching what we do is irrelevant; only words are relevant.''  This clarifies a lot for me, Mr. President. It reinforces my perception of the void in moral leadership in this White House. But it also gives us a glimpse into how the continuing charade of illusions is being conducted and perpetrated by this White House. It does so precisely because of an absence of leadership.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  