 President, I hold up two volumes of legislation because when Congress says it does something, the public at large is cynical about our doing anything, particularly anything that is very complicated, and particularly not just when we finish talking about action on a farm bill. I hold up the Balanced Budget Act of 1995, a 1,800-page document that was put together over a period of about 8 months by 13 different committees--those committees are listed here--in the U.S. Senate to fulfill a promise that the majority party, the Republican Party, made to the people in the 1994 election that we would balance the budget.  This document, scored by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, balances the budget--1,800 pages. It includes welfare reform, saving $58 billion. It includes the saving of Medicare--the saving of it, the strengthening of it, giving people choice for the first time in that Government program. It has very good tax programs in here. Just balancing this budget will save agriculture 2 percentage points, and any loan in the United States about 2 percentage points, on interest.  This also includes the agriculture bill that would have been a 7-year agriculture program. If the President had not vetoed this bill in early December last year, we would not be debating farm legislation, and we would not only have a farm bill that would be good for agriculture, but we would also have a lot of other tax policies and interest policies that would be even more beneficial to agriculture--and to the entire country, for that matter--than even maybe the farm bill would be beneficial to agriculture.  So here is last year's product to balance the budget--1,800 pages. The President vetoed it. He has a constitutional right to veto it. But one person stood in the way last year of our having a farm program, and that was the President who vetoed the Balanced Budget Act of 1995.  I wanted to hold that up because maybe people do not really believe we passed a comprehensive piece of legislation to balance the budget, and maybe the farmers do not know that we passed provisions in here for the Freedom-To-Farm Act so that we would be able to transition farm programs from the Government regulated and dominated environment of the last 50 years to the free trade environment and the export environment that we are going to have under GATT into the next century.  My good friend from North Dakota spoke eloquently about his point of view on the farm bill, and he and I can speak in a friendly fashion about agriculture. We do that all the time. It may not appear on the floor of the Senate that we do that, but we can sit down and discuss farm legislation.  I do not take the floor in opposition to what he said but just to point out to some people, to the public at large, not just to the farmers of America, what sometimes drives legislation in the Congress.  I wish to read from the Congressional Record a letter that the Senate minority leader, Mr. Daschle, put in during his debate last week. This letter that he inserted lists a lot of organizations that were against the compromise that was worked out.  By the way, we had a compromise worked out last week with what we thought were enough Democrats so we would get enough votes to have cloture and move forward. It happens that we did not get enough Democrat votes to do that. But anyway, quoting from a paragraph which is part of Senator Daschle's speech, he says:       I am very pleased by a letter that we received just this      morning from a large number of very reputable organizations      including the National Audubon Society, the Environmental      Working Group, Henry A. Wallace Institute for Alternative      Agriculture, Sustainable Agriculture Coalition, National      Resource Defense Council, the National Rural Housing      Coalition, who are saying that even with the Leahy      improvements--  Those were the amendments that we had accepted last week.     they are strongly in opposition to passing the so-called      freedom to farm.  I would like to read a list of organizations in a letter I did not read last week who are in support of what we are doing, because I think there is an extreme contrast here. A lot of the organizations that the Senator from South Dakota listed are all very reputable organizations. There is nothing I wish to say that detracts from the good work they do in Washington, DC, for the interests they have. But the question I wish to raise as I read a list of organizations supporting what we are trying to do today and what we were trying to do last week, is the extent to which the groups driving the debate on the other side are not solely interested just in agriculture but are having more dominance in the debate than farm organizations like this that support what we are trying to do: the American Farm Bureau, the Cotton Council, the American Cotton Shippers, National Feed and Grain Association, National Grain Sorghum Association, United Egg Producers, the National Barley Growers, National Cattlemen's, National Corn Growers, the Fertilizer Institute, the National Potato Council, the National Pork Producers, National Turkey Federation, the National Broilers Council, the North American Export Grain Association, and the United Fresh Fruits and Vegetables Association. I could name their affiliates in the State of Iowa that are supporting this legislation, and I would imagine most of the State affiliates are supporting it.  So it is probably unfair to say that what groups want in this town drive what individual Members want. But I think there is a stark contrast between the organizations that were listed by Senator Daschle and those I just listed. Those listed by Senator Daschle mostly lean toward the environmental point of view on agriculture. Although it is legitimate to have environmental groups with an interest in what agricultural legislation is going to be, we ought to ask whether or not these groups ought to have primary consideration in opposition to the changes in the farm program. These changes will direct agricultural policy toward the next century as opposed to keeping the agriculture policy of this century and the last 50 years, which in the new environment we are currently in, is obviously outdated. We ought to be looking to these organizations I just read that support what we are trying to do because they are forward looking, to make sure we are producing for the future and the global trade environment of the future.  I hope that we do spend our time in consideration of what we ought to have for a farm program that is free of Government regulation to the greatest extent possible, even having a safety net, but have that safety net be a cooperative effort between the private sector and the public sector that can guarantee income as well as production and have income support for agriculture.  