 By overwhelming margins, the American people support term limits for Members of Congress. In a democratic society, the people's elected officials have a responsibility to respond to what the people want. Of course, we in Washington have a duty to exercise leadership--but leadership means responding to the strongly held preferences of the American people.  Although there is a long history both at the State and Federal levels in limiting the service of executives, term limits for legislators have a short history. So, we are participating in a work in progress when we debate this amendment.  It may be that term limits enhance the power of lobbyists, as some say, or term limits may lessen the power of lobbyists. Term limits may weaken the legislative branch or they may strengthen it. Term limits may cause the loss of valuable experience or it may lead to passage of reform legislation. There's no way to tell at this point. But with fresh faces with new ideas in Congress, it seems to me that reform and common sense change are far more likely.  And of course, the Constitution was made to be amendable. Since 1791, we have amended the Constitution 17 times. Each of these amendments brought about significant changes in the nature of American Government. Similarly, I believe that a term limits amendment will make needed and beneficial changes.  Prior to the Supreme Court's Thornton decision last year, I intended to introduce a statute to set term limits. That option is no long longer possible. We are in a situation where the Supreme Court has unequivocally spoken--the Constitution as currently written does not give Congress or the States the power to impose term limits by statute. So, this is not a willy-nilly amendment we are debating. This amendment is the only way to have term limits.  If we do not vote to pass this amendment, the States won't even have the chance to pass term limits. They won't even be able to consider the idea of term limits. This is an important debate, and I think that Congress should not stand in the way. Voting to pass this amendment doesn't create term limits. It just lets the debate go forward. Let's pass this amendment. The American people want it. They deserve it, and it would do much good.  