 President, one of the best ways to tell the Iowa story already unfolds each year in Iowa's capital city, Des Moines. The Iowa State Fair has become an icon of life in Iowa--it is a reflection of what is best about Iowa and its people. Sparking the interest of hundreds of thousands of visitors each year, the State fair offers a diverse range of exhibits and performances. And it is among the largest agricultural expositions in the Nation.  In 1854, 8 years after Iowa joined the Union, the first State fair was held in Fairfield, IA, on a 6-acre field. Even in those early years, Iowans came from miles around. Although the fair was only a 3-day event, an amazing crowd of 7,000 to 10,000 arrived 3 days before and camped in covered wagons along the road. In 1878, the fair grounds were permanently moved to Des Moines. Today, the fairgrounds span 400 acres, including 160 acres of campgrounds.  During the early years, a sampling of popular entertainment features included female equestrians and a contest among seven men to plow one-quarter or an acre the fastest. In 1911, the Wright brother's biplanes demonstrated each day of the fair.  The State fair began a unique tradition in 1916 that holds true today and continues to unite all ages of fair goers. That year, young 4-H club members started a livestock and beef judging show. The following year boasted the largest sheep exposition of its time. To this day, young Iowa 4-H and FFA exhibitors continue to impress visitors and judges with their livestock and homemaking projects. By the way, I am proud to say that 4-H was started in Iowa.  For over 141 years the essence of the Iowa State Fair has not changed. Its main focus continues to revolve around agriculture and its vast opportunities. The tradition of excellence in Iowa agriculture products has stood the test of time. Take a quote from a fair judge in 1854: ``as to corn, it is useless to talk of finding any better.''  Many Americans may have read a novel called, ``State Fair,'' or perhaps watched a version of it on the big screen. Yes, it was written by an Iowa newspaperman and was based on the Iowa State Fair. The famous Rodgers and Hammerstein musical also was inspired by the Iowa State Fair. Last year, ``State Fair'' debuted at the Civic Center in Des Moines and opened on Broadway in March of this year.  Folks from all walks of life come each and every year to enjoy the sights, tastes, and sounds of the State fair. Iowans hold a very special place in their hearts and take pride in our annual celebration of Iowa's culture, history, agricultural products, and commerce. Without a doubt, individual and community efforts have made the Iowa State Fair a major event in the Midwest. The bounty and achievements from across our great Nation and from overseas is honored each summer at the Iowa State Fair.  So put on some comfortable clothes and shoes. Remember that the temperature will be hot and the air humid. And let us go help judge the jelly and jam, look at the livestock, take a ride on the midway, eat a corn dog, and marvel at how realistic the cow sculpted from pure butter looks. Let us all go to the Iowa State Fair.  