R. 1350 subsidies are not passed.  I want my colleagues to note in particular the large number of vessels available to us. These vessels are what we call ``effective U.S.-controlled vessels,'' and they include vessels that are owned by American companies. Foreign flags are reliable. First of all, keep in mind that many foreign-flag vessels are actually owned and controlled by American companies. They flag foreign, they flag under a foreign nation primarily to avoid the unbearable cost of the high salaries and benefits of U.S. seafarers. Foreign-flag vessels delivered about 50 percent of all cargo in the Persian Gulf war. Nearly 200 foreign ships were chartered from 36 nations. Only one ship loaded under DOD contract did not complete its voyage. The handful of small foreign feeder problems were the result of contract disputes with U.S.-flag carriers, not foreign flags.  But far more important is the fact that Congress has already funded the Department of Defense's wartime sealift requirements. Congress provided over $7 billion in the 1980's and will provide another $10 billion in this decade to meet the Department of Defense's unique strategic sealift requirements. The Department of Defense has, over the last two decades, constructed and purchased a sealift force to unilaterally meet our prepositioning and surge sealift wartime requirements as specified by the Bottom-Up Review. The ships of the Department of Defense's strategic sealift force are of the unique military design required to transport heavy tanks and other outsized fighting equipment.  Remember, most of the vessels subsidized by the Maritime Security Act are container vessels that will carry, primarily, sustainment supplies, such as clothing and food, and not sensitive military equipment. This brings all the more light to the significance of the conclusion of Massachusetts Institute of Technology's defense expert, Harvey Sapolsky, who stated:       Most of the amount hauled in a crisis is done by      government-owned standby and reserve ships.       Moreover, there is a ready charter market for commercial      cargo vessels when more ships are needed.       The price required for these services in a crisis is      cheaper than the cost of maintaining a large subsidized      commercial fleet for a mobilization that may not happen again      for years.  So, with problem No. 4, the Department of Defense has the capability of meeting our national security needs, getting our materiel from wherever it is now to wherever it must be to conduct war. They do not need this legislation. The Department of Defense said that when they recommended, along with 14 other department heads, to the President of the United States that there is a revenue-neutral, there is a budget-neutral way of doing this that meets our national security needs. That is the Department of Defense. That is 14 other department heads that say that.  Problem No. 5, this bill is not needed to maintain an adequate pool of American seafarers for defense sealift. This, again, refers to the Rubin-Clinton maritime memo. These subsidies will preserve about 2,500 seafaring jobs. There are numerous other sealift manning options. Mr. President, $100 million a year to save 2,500 jobs is too steep a price for taxpayers, in view of all these other options; $100 million to save 2,500 jobs.  This is the high cost of maintaining a monopoly, as I said earlier. This high cost reflects the great success in playing the Washington power game.  Modern, highly automated ships require fewer seafarers. The Government has carefully studied many measures to crew sealift. These include expanding the Naval and Merchant Marine Reserve programs.  What would be particularly cost effective is the option of certifying the mariners employed in the Great Lakes and inland waterways. This option would provide a very large labor pool of over 60,000 mariners who could be used during a national emergency.  Again, if you read the Rubin-Clinton memo, at the bottom of page 3--and this will be made available; it has been made available for everybody this morning in their offices, so every staffperson has this. The Clinton administration argues this:       Subsidizing carriers simply to preserve jobs would leave      the Administration hard pressed to explain why it should not      also subsidize every other industry that suffers job losses.  It is too bad that part of the Rubin memo was not followed, because that lays it out as plain and simple as you can. If you spend $100 million to save these 2,500 jobs, it is going to open it up so the President is letting down the floodgates for efforts for other new subsidies for other whole industries that suffer job losses.  I might ask, just what kind of seafarers' salaries and benefits are we forcing taxpayers to support? Again, in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Manning study--according to this study, a master or a captain billet costs about $34,000 per month to pay for salary, benefits, and overtime; $34,000 per month. The earlier draft report placed the monthly cost at $44,000, but was lowered in the final report when I made it public that the taxpayers are forced to subsidize about 85 percent of these salary and benefit costs.  This MIT study concluded that with adequate reforms, such as eliminating featherbedding, we can lower subsidies to a little over $1 million per year. Unfortunately, H.R. 1350 provides well over twice that recommended by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, which is $2 million per year.  Again, the Rubin-Clinton memo says at the bottom of page 9:       Subsidies are needed principally to offset the higher wages      of U.S. mariners.  Let's face it, these high-priced wages and benefits taxpayers are forced to subsidize are at the heart of the demise of our merchant marine fleet. A dozen years ago, then military sealift commander, Vice Adm. Kent Carroll, warned our merchant marine was crumbling. Twelve years ago, we had a vice admiral warning us about the crumbling of our merchant marine:       Why are we in such a mess? One of the reasons is that crew      costs continue to be the highest in the world. Monthly crew      costs of U.S.-flag ships are as much as three times higher      than those of countries with comparable standards of living,      such as Norway.  Mr. President, the former military sealift commander hit it on the head. The taxpayer-supported crew costs are driving U.S. carriers to reflag. It makes a mess of the U.S.-flag merchant marine, and it makes a mess for the American taxpayers. It is time for real reform, but that has to be real commonsense reform.  I yield the floor.  