 President, every once in a while, when we take defeat after defeat because of a Presidential veto--and I think the President has vetoed half of the appropriations bills that we have passed this year. Oddly enough, most Presidents veto appropriations bills because the Congress is wasting money. This is the first President I know who is vetoing appropriations bills because we are not spending enough money. And yet he is talking to the Governors' association this morning about how he is going to balance the budget, and he vetoes the appropriations bills that are balancing the budget. But anyway, once in a while we get an opportunity to say we were right. In this particular case, this Balanced Budget Act of 1995 was right because one of the major provisions of this Balanced Budget Act of 1995, which we would have had to do unrelated to balancing the budget or even unrelated to tax decreases, was to save Medicare from bankruptcy. This document not only saved Medicare from bankruptcy, it strengthened Medicare, and it also gave for the first time the elderly people of America, the senior citizens of America, the retired people of America, those who rely upon Medicare as their primary health insurance group, an opportunity to have something different than just a Government-run program.  They could have had medical savings accounts. They could have had continued a union or association plan where they last worked. They could have bought into managed care, and they would be able to go from traditional Medicare to a medical savings account and back next year if they wanted to. They could go from traditional Medicare to a managed care plan and try that for a year and go back and not cost them anything, but have that option through a voucher of having Medicare pay for whatever their option is.  It is the same thing that we have in the Congress. Every December we have what is called--I do not remember the terminology--but we have a season that we can change from one program to another. We are giving them the same thing Congress has, the same thing Federal civil servants have.  Once again, the President vetoed this in early December 1995. So our efforts to save, our efforts to strengthen and our efforts to give seniors choice for the first time went down the drain.  We did it because the trustees in April said Medicare was going to be busted, bankrupt in the year 2002, 7 years from now. That is why we did what we did in this. I do not know why the President vetoed it. Does he want it to go bankrupt, or does he want a political issue? I do not know why, but he did.  Yesterday, we had in the New York Times something that should have probably been released to the public back in October. Why it was not until now I do not know. I hope there was no coverup on the part of the administration to keep it from being published.  We have a report from HCFA's chief actuary that Medicare lost money in 1995 for the first time in 23 years. It is a 29-year-old program. So early on, it had another period of 1 year when it spent more than it took in.  But now for the first time in 24 years, Medicare is spending out more than it is bringing in in taxes, which emphasizes what the trustees said in April of last year. They pleaded with Congress. They pleaded with the Republican Congress: ``Take action right now because it is going to be easier to do it now than it will be in the year 2001 or 2002 when it is just about ready to go under.'' This had not been anticipated to occur until 1997.  What we learn now through the newspapers, the chief actuary giving this report last year, is the Medicare hospital trust fund lost $35.7 million. In other words, it took in that much less than we had anticipated.  He was not sure when part A would be depleted, but he did say that it could be earlier than 2002.  In any case, according to the actuary, this recent finding does not help the trust fund. It gives more insecurity to the people on Social Security and it, of course, emphasizes what we were trying to say when we passed this Balanced Budget Act of 1995 which saved Medicare.  So I hope that the President comes around to a point of view of cooperating with the Congress to a greater extent than he has on the saving of Medicare, because this is one time the Republican Congress is way ahead of the White House.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  