 President, I rise in strong support of the antiterrorism bill. In my view, this bill strikes a reasonable balance between the needs of the law enforcement and national security communities and the constitutional rights of the American people. I applaud the efforts of Senator Hatch and other conferees in crafting this important and much-needed piece of legislation.  Perhaps one of the more important provisions of this bill relates to restitution to victims of crime in Federal courts. I am proud to say that key provisions of S. 1404, the Victim Restitution Enhancement Act of 1995, which I introduced on November 8, 1995, with Senator Kyl, have been incorporated into the conference report. This bill, I believe, provides victims of crime with a valuable and important way of vindicating their rights and obtaining restitution. S. 1404 provides that court orders requiring restitution will act as a lien which the victims themselves can enforce. I think this lets victims help themselves and ensures that crime victims will receive the restitution they are entitled to.  To understand why giving victims of Federal crimes the ability to seek restitution from their victimizers is a positive development, you need to understand the nature of most of the Federal crimes which give rise to restitution liability. Federal Crimes, by and large, are not crimes of violence like State crimes are. Once you exclude Federal drug prosecutions--which do not give rise to restitution liability as that term is generally understood--many Federal prosecutions are for fraud and other so-called white crimes. With fraud and white collar crimes, the victims may have substantial resources. These persons may wish to obtain restitution themselves, rather than relying on overworked prosecutors to do that job. That's what the lien does, its gives victims a powerful tool use to get restitution.  With respect to terrorism, and the Oklahoma City bombing, this means that the families of the bombing victims can seek restitution. So if the bombers come into money from any source, the victims' families can receive restitution. This is very positive development.  How does the current bill, like S. 1404, do this? Section 206(m) of the conference report establishes a lien in favor of crime victims, very similar to the lien procedure contained in S. 1404. I believe that this section will prove to be of enormous value.  Also, the conference report, section 206(n), drew on provisions in S. 1404, which provided that should prisoners who have been ordered to pay restitution file a prisoner lawsuit and receive a windfall, that windfall will go to the victims and not to the prisoner. This should take some of the lure out of prisoner lawsuits. Importantly, the conference report we are debating today also provides that windfalls received by prisoners from all sources, including lawsuits, will go to pay victims.  This conference report, in section 206(d)(3), like S. 1404, requires criminals to list all their assets under oath. This way, if criminals who owe victims try to hide their assets, they can be prosecuted for perjury. This too should help make sure that victims receive more of what they are entitled to.  While the restitution provisions of this bill are an important step in the right direction, I would also like to point out that unlike S. 1404, the conference report does not establish a hard-and-fast time limit within which restitution liability must be paid off. I think that this is a serious shortcoming. Without a bright-line for the payment of restitution, well-financed criminal defense lawyers will use legal technicalities to delay payment as long as possible. The reason that no definite time limit was included is that some Members of the minority opposed a definite time limit. So, in this respect, I believe that S. 1404 is superior to the current bill.  The conference report also makes serious and much-needed reforms of habeas corpus prisoner appeals. As even a casual observer of the criminal justice system knows, criminals have abused habeas corpus to delay just punishment.  I believe that this conference report strikes exactly the right balance on habeas corpus reform. It provides enough in the way of habeas appeals to ensure that unjustly convicted people will have a fair and full opportunity to bring forth new evidence or contest their incarceration in numerous ways. But the conference report sets meaningful limits, which should go a long way toward eliminating many of the flagrant abuses that make a mockery of justice.  If we do not pass this bill, with this habeas corpus reform package, we can pretend that we are for the death penalty. But, in reality, the death penalty will be virtually meaningless andtoothless. The families of the bombing victims in Oklahoma City know this, and they support this bill.  Let us not get ourselves in the position of making mere symbolic gestures, which do not really help the American people and which do not really restore faith in the justice system. I agree with President Clinton: Punishment should be swift and sure. Just punishment must be meted out in an appropriate amount of time.  I strongly support these reforms, and again applaud the conferees for bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. President, I yield the floor.  