 Just yesterday, President Clinton made clear that he will sign this conference report. After weeks of obfuscation, President Clinton finally has made clear that he will act on his promise to end welfare as we have known it and sign this dramatic change in the welfare system. After all we have been through in the last 18 months, I have to admit that I was beginning to feel like a broken record. We passed 2 different welfare bills under the able leadership of former Senate majority leader Bob Dole. In both cases, the President vetoed those efforts.  From the President's most recent remarks, apparently out hard work has paid off and he is finally going to approve our efforts. Interestingly, Doug Besharov, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, and known expert on the welfare program, says that the new bill is not significantly different from the 2 previous proposals. A Washington Times article of yesterday quoted Mr. Besharov as saying, ``This business about `how much' improved is a certain amount of political rhetoric.''  In my judgment, Mr. Besharov is being kind in his remarks. This bill, in fact, is significantly the same as previous efforts.  In the last 30 years we have spent more than $5 trillion to fight the war on poverty. Unfortunately, we have lost. The child poverty rate in our nation is .8 percent higher than it is was when we started this process 30 years ago. So what have the families on welfare gotten for their difficulties? And what have the taxpayers gotten for their money? For all we have invested, we have made no progress.  Clearly, something is not working.  The reconciliation bill before us takes a new approach to an old problem. it restores power and authority to the States to create their own systems to meet the needs of low-income citizens.  Iowa is a perfect example of success. Iowa overwhelming passed legislation in April 1993 to change welfare in the State. In order to implement their plan, the State had to seek 18 initial Federal waivers and more since. Although the State wanted to implementa statewide program, in order to obtain their initial waiver, they were required to have a control group of 5 to 10 percent who would remain under old AFDC policies.  In October of 1993, the work incentives and family stability policy changes were implemented. At that time, there were over 36,000 families receiving assistance, with an average monthly benefit of over $373.  Last week I received the latest State figures. Iowa's caseload is down 12.6 percent to under 32,000 families. The average monthly benefit is down 11.7 percent to $330.  In January 1994, Iowa implemented its personal responsibility contracts. A family commits to pursue independence and the State commits to provide supports. Before the State implemented reform, only 18 percent of Iowa welfare families had earned income. The most recent numbers show that over 33 percent of all welfare families are earning income now.  With Iowa's success as a backdrop, it is easy to understand why States want welfare reform, not waiver reform.  Another reason is the frustration States feel when seeking a waiver. Though President Clinton has expressed glowing support for the Wisconsin welfare waiver it has not been signed. If the President is for the Wisconsin waiver, why can't he approve it? Even yesterday during his CNN interview, the President challenged other States to follow Wisconsin's lead in reforming their welfare system. Once again we see him saying one thing and doing another.  The reconciliation bill before us also provides for a lifetime limit of 5 years for welfare benefits. This means that there is an actual measurable end so that parents are held accountable for their choices.  When working Americans do not show up for work, they are not paid and are likely to lose their job. They want welfare recipients to live with the same reality. Taxpaying Americans do not understand why their hard work is subsidizing those who are not working.  Mr. President, again, I want to say that I am pleased that the President has finally agreed to sign this conference report. I think this is an historic effort on the part of Congress and it is appropriate for him to sign this legislation.  I look forward with anticipation to what our outstanding Governors and State leaders will do with the freedom and responsibility we are entrusting to them.  