 President, we all should thank President Clinton for keeping his campaign promise of 1992 to end welfare as we know it. He announced yesterday that he would sign our legislation. After two vetoes of very similar welfare reform legislation that we passed last year, we were beginning to wonder whether or not he was serious about that campaign promise of 1992. We are glad now to know, after 4 years of talk, that he is serious about ending welfare as we know it and that he won't be stonewalling anymore and that he will be doing what he, as a Governor, said ought to be done--return more authority over to the States. So we thank him.  We also know that Congress has made a very serious effort to reform welfare. The last was in 1988. Such welfare reform was supposed to move people from welfare to work, to save the taxpayers money, to reduce those on the rolls, to move people to self-sufficiency. All of those things were proclaimed in that 1988 legislation that passed 96 to 1.  Now, 8 years later, we see 3 million more people on the welfare rolls. We see billions of dollars more being spent, and we also conclude that reform of the system, regardless of our good intentions and the reform that we were wanting to enact, did not happen.  The current welfare system has failed. The programs were well-intended, but they proved to be inefficient, they proved to be unfair and, most importantly, they proved to damage those they were meant to help. We are concerned about the children. Our present welfare program was passed decades ago out of concern for children. But after six decades, we find that our children are the POW's of the war on poverty.  This has not helped our children. It has not strengthened our families. And we are insistent, in this legislation, upon making up for those wrongs of the past. In other words, to help our children.  I said that the last time Congress tried reform we failed. We built upon what we had been doing for 60 years--to have everything run from Washington; to micromanage everything from Washington. But now, as we change the approach for the first time in 6 decades, it is not as, Senator Bradley tried to imply, just some casual effort to send it back to the States to solve all of our problems. No. We send itback to the States because we have seen the States succeed where we have failed. I said that we wanted to move people from welfare to work. We wanted to save the taxpayers' money. We wanted to make people self-sufficient. We have failed.  But we have seen States succeed.  My own State of Iowa in 3 years of reforms has 12 percent less people on welfare; that is 4,000 less people on welfare. The monthly checks have gone down from $371 to $335, not because we want to spend less to help families, but because there are more families working and earning income. And as a State we have seen the highest percentage of welfare recipients in the Nation in the work force at over 33 percent. Under the waiver Iowa received, we have a control group which is still under the old program. And in that control group under the old program, only 19 percent of the people have moved from welfare to work. Of those in the new program, over 33 percent of the people have moved from welfare to work.  So my State, Wisconsin, Michigan, and many other States, have a track record of succeeding on welfare reform where the Congress in our last attempt in 1988 has failed.  These local and State solutions can be--and are--more innovative and targeted. They promote new opportunities. I think they are doing what every welfare reform intends to accomplish--moving people from dependency to self-sufficiency, building self-esteem, moving people from welfare to work, saving the taxpayer dollars, and, most importantly, ending the hopelessness that welfare recipients have experienced.  In the process of passing this legislation--we are saving the taxpayers' over $55 billion. We are limiting the amount of time that people can be on welfare to a 5-year lifetime limit. We are helping recipients find jobs because they have to do this within 2 years of joining the program.  States can do better if they want to. We are turning over the management of these programs to the States because they do a better job. We do it by block grants to give the States more freedom to use their money. We are still going to have food stamp programs and child nutrition programs. But these programs as well are going to be reformed.  Most importantly, individual people have a responsibility, other than the taxpayers, to take first and primary care of their own families. Absentee dads are required to do better in providing for their kids. This in the end will do a better job than our giving government aid to the children in need.  We are going to get more for our money. Yet, we also provide for growth in this program at 4.3 percent annually. What we are hoping for here is to make sure that we provide hope for the future. Families that want self-esteem but do not have it will have the opportunity to restore it again as they work off a system that is a dead end.  Part of the hope of the future is not only that we pass this welfare reform and do good for people who are on welfare, but we hope that we are able to energize this economy so that there are more jobs not only for those who are leaving welfare for work but for people who have never been on welfare. We need to create jobs and good paying jobs at that.  We have seen during this administration a 2.4-percent growth, the slowest growth of any administration since World War II except the administration of President Nixon. If we had been experiencing the growth on average that other Presidencies have had, we would have had many more jobs created. And we would not have the situation where productivity growth has averaged a meager six-tenths of a percent per year under President Clinton's tenure compared to the 1 and one-tenth percent average pace that we have had since 1973. That productivity per worker is going to mean more wages, more job opportunities, and more take-home pay.  I yield the floor.  