  The first slide has this title, ``The Legend,'' with bullets, ``First to Fight,'' ``Most Ready When the Nation Is Least Ready,'' ``The Nation's 9-1-1 Force.''  Who is going to argue with that about the Marines? They have that reputation. They live up to that reputation, and we ought to support that reputation.  Colonel Newbold is talking about the Marine Corps' mission. Then, of course, he gets down to the guts of his briefing, what he calls ``The Reality.'' Of course, this is what we ought to be concerned about. In fact, we ought to be disturbed about this.  The very first bullet is a blockbuster. I want to quote: ``Infantry Battalions Are Staffed at 57 Percent of ASR for O311 Sergeants.'' Of course, a O311 sergeant is an infantry noncom. He is a platoon sergeant. Every platoon must have a sergeant, and a platoon is in deep trouble without a good one.  So what does the Marine Corps do with 43 percent of its platoon sergeants missing, at the very same time when the command of the Marine Corps is asking for 12 additional generals?  Another slide is entitled ``Reality From Commanders.'' This provides an answer. The commander's answer:       I have lance corporals as platoon sergeants and [I have]      sergeants as platoon commanders.  At a time when the Marines are asking for 12 additional generals, and they are using lance corporals as platoon sergeants and sergeants as platoon commanders. The commander, of course, has to make good with what he has, but that is not good enough.  Corporals are normally squad leaders, and lieutenants are platoon commanders. If corporals have to do the job of a sergeant, and sergeants are called upon to do the lieutenant's job, then why cannot colonels do a general's job?  I referred to that in the sense that every one of these so-called vacancies that is called for, the need for these new generals, all but one is filled with colonels who are getting the job done. If the colonels would take up some of the slack--and it is being done already, and the job is being done well--what is the need for 12 additional generals, when we need sergeants and lieutenants, when we had 70 generals here when it was 199,000, and we are down to 172,000 now, and we have 68 generals? Why do we need 80?  The briefing paper does indicate that the quality of the noncoms and the sergeants on hand is excellent. Unfortunately, the good ones are being shipped off to nonoperational, noncombat assignments.  This is what the briefing paper says: ``We do have quality NCO' and SNCO', but the best go off to other key billets,'' like drill instructors and recruiting duty.  This is Colonel Newbold in his task force report,``Making the Corps Fit to Fight.''  Mr. President, recruiting duty, that is where some of the new generals would go. We have been told that by this report. If recruiting duty is not a good place to send your best NCO's, then why is it a good place to put generals?  The briefing paper concludes with this piece of philosophy. I quote from the briefing paper.       In order to fulfill its role as the Nation's crisis      response force, the Marine Corps will re-establish the      primacy of the operating forces by creating manpower and      training policies and programs that support cohesion and      stability.  Those are very profound words by people in charge who are going to get the job done even though they do not seem to get the support of people higher up. Because I do not think they are getting the support when they need sergeants and lieutenants and we are putting the money into generals.  We are downsizing the Marine Corps and topsizing the administrative part of it. If the operating forces are the top priority, why are only 25 percent of the Marine Corps general officers command combat officers? Well, the paper draws a conclusion to that.  I want to quote from the paper again.       Our system is geared to the success of individual careers      versus the success of individual units.  Mr. President, this is what my amendment is all about, promotions at the top versus the needs of the infantry battalions, sergeants versus generals. What does the Marine Corps need more, sergeants or generals? If we want the Marine Corps to be the 911 force, always ready to go, then we should make sure that the 27 infantry battalions are rock solid. We better make sure they have the essentials to be effective. We better make sure that they have a full complement of sergeants and lieutenants.  It would be irresponsible to give the Marine Corps more generals when its heart and soul is short of the stuff that it needs to do battle. The Marine Corps should not be topsizing while it downsizes. As the Marine Corps gets smaller, it seems to me it is legitimate to cut the brass at the top, as the other services have already done. I had a chart here to demonstrate that.  Of course, most importantly, the point was made by our Secretary of Defense of how important modernization is. Those at the top of the heap should have what they need to get the job done. By voting for my amendment, you will send the right message to the Marine Corps. I yield the floor.  