 To me, this idea has several problems. An extension of the current program ignores the reforms that have been made and that farmers have now come to expect. The farmers in my State want, they expect, and they deserve the regulatory relief provided by the Republican farm bill provisions. Furthermore, an extension would literally deprive rural America of billions of dollars. First, a 1-year extension would require farmers to pay back money they have already received as advance deficiency payments. Many of the farmers in Iowa had very poor crops this year due to heavy rain during the planting season. Particularly that is true of southern Iowa, northern Missouri, and western central Illinois. Yet by a 1-year extension, people are suggesting that they would force these farmers to write checks to the Treasury to pay back their advance deficiency payment. It is estimated that these provisions would cost farmers more than $2.1 billion nationwide and, in my State of Iowa, $217 million.  Second, any delay in passing a new farm bill could have a devastating effect on future farm programs. This is due to the Congressional Budget Office's baseline revision that continually shows that Congress will have less money to spend on farm programs in the future. When CBO revised its baseline in November, agriculture lost $7.8 billion from that baseline. This is $7.8 billion that we could have spent under the baseline if the President would have signed the farm bill enacted in October but now is lost, due to delay.  If we pass a 1-year extension, the House Agriculture Committee estimates that agriculture could lose an additional $6 billion--an additional $6 billion. So, it is time to be very candid with our constituents. An extension will take billions of dollars out of that baseline, or, another way of saying it, out of the pockets of the family farmers, and, at the same time, out of rural America. To this Senator, these numbers make a mere extension of the current program an unacceptable alternative. And, when the truth is known to the farmers and to our constituents, I think they will find it equally unacceptable.  I think it is interesting that the same Senators who have accused the Republican Congress of gutting rural America are willing to deprive these areas of billions of dollars by putting off the passing of a farm bill for another year, through a 1-year extension.  Mr. President, the conclusion is very clear to this Senator. The Senate should pass the farm bill provisions contained in the Balanced Budget Act once again. We should do this as soon as possible, preferably this week on the continuing resolution. The farmers, the bankers, and the rest of rural America need the certainty as to what the next farm program will be.  It is high time that we put ideology aside and enact a new farm bill.  I yield the floor.  