  There is nothing new with this proposal. We have been back and forth over this ground. This bill would have changed a lot of that. What disappoint me most, in the Senate Finance Committee's deliberation on Medicaid, we tried in every way possible to satisfy the Democratic members of our committee. Senator Roth accepted over 50 amendments, many of them retaining Federal protections that the other side wanted, even some Republicans wanted. It seems to me Senator Roth went a long way toward addressing the major concerns that the minority had and maybe even the President had on the Medicaid portions of the bill.  Despite this, not a single Finance Committee Democrat voted for the bill.  I understand that some of the Republican Governors are not happy with the changes the Finance Committee made to the bill. When we started down this road of Medicaid reform, the idea was that the States would be able to live with less Federal assistance if they had sufficient discretion to organize their programs as they see fit. The bill filed by the Finance Committee does not provide the discretion which most of the Governors were saying earlier this year that they wanted.  Perhaps, for that reason, some of the Governors are willing to see Medicaid and welfare separated. I don't know.  In any case, even with the Democratic amendments accepted by the Finance Committee, the Governors would have had substantially greater discretion than they have now over important aspects of their savings if this legislation were enacted. And we would have moved a step closer to a balanced budget by getting greater control over the Medicaid spending which has been growing in recent years at an unsustainable rate.  But the minority in the Finance Committee voted against the bill. And the President has said again that he would veto it.  So, our leadership has yielded to the inevitable. If there is a silver lining here, it is that we will have a chance to get real welfare reform, assuming that the President is at last willing to sign a welfare reform bill.  