 President, President Clinton has once again failed to demonstrate leadership to the American people in the budget crisis.  The newspaper stories last week, reporting on the President's budget submission, missed the point. Like a straight man, the media dutifully reported on the budget using the standard White House spin--and with a straight face.  They reported that the budget would balance by 2002, just as the White House claims. Instead, they should have challenged its integrity. The balance part is all smoke and mirrors. Underneath, it is a brandnew box of steroids for big Government.  The media should have cried, ``Stop the presses. Extra, extra, the era of big Government has returned. You see, the President pronounced in his State of the Union Address that the era of big Government is over.  That was 2 months ago. In other words, 2 short months after big Government was pronounced dead, it has miraculously resurrected.  Just look at this budget, Mr. President. Not a single government program terminated. They are all worthwhile--every last one of them, according to the President. Meanwhile, the Federal debt rises from $4.9 to $6.5 trillion in 6 years. Spending rises from $1.6 to $1.9 trillion.  How is it that the era of big Government can be pronounced over with this kind of a budget?  We have all heard the saying, ``Put your money where your mouth is.'' We have also all heard the quote of former Attorney General John Mitchell: ``You will be better advised to watch what we do instead of what we say.'' The budget is the fundamental statement of policy of any administration. In it, an administration puts its money where its mouth is. Except this administration. Its mouth is in shrinking Government; but, its money is in big Government.  With a discrepancy like this, which do we believe? The money or the mouth? Most insiders in this town, like John Mitchell did, know the answer. They know you will be better advised to watch what we do instead of what we say. I would submit, Mr. President, that that is why the presses did not stop when the President submitted his budget. The return of big Government was not big news.  The media must have been pretty skeptical 2 months ago of the President's pronouncement of the end of big government. They did not fall for the old soft shoe routine. They know well enough that, in this town, you watch what we do, not what we say. I have to hand it to fourth estate. They really know politicians.  Of course, they did have some clues about what to expect from the President. On June 4, 1992, Candidate Clinton told the country he would end deficit spending as we know it. He said ``I would present a 5-year plan to balance the budget.'' Since then, he submitted three no-year balanced budgets. Each one had rising deficits as far as the eye could see, usually around the figure of $200 billion.  Even this budget--balanced in name only--will never balance in the real world. It lacks the integrity of true deficit reduction decisionmaking. It is the manana budget. It puts everything off until manana. A chimpanzee, banging away at a typewriter, would type out the entire Encyclopedia Britannica before the Clinton budget balances.  There are other clues of the old soft shoe routine. In September 1992, the President wrote, in ``Putting People First,'' the following:       Middle class taxpayers will have a choice between a      children's tax credit or a significant reduction in their      income tax rate.  Yet, he just vetoed a children's tax credit. He did not even propose one until Republicans took control of the Congress.  Instead, he increased taxes more than any other President in the history of the Nation. He raised taxes too much. But do not take my word for it. Here is what the President himself said. At a fundraiser in Houston on October 17, 1995, Mr. Clinton said,       Probably there are people in this room still mad at me at      that budget because you think I raised your taxes too much.      It might surprise you that I think I raised them too much,      too.  Mr. President, saying one thing and doing the opposite undermines one's moral authority to lead. That is the case with this President. There is a void in moral leadership in this White House. A good example for the Nation cannot be set when the President--any President--says one thing and does the opposite so consistently.  It is significant that such leadership has fallen to Congress which, as a body, is generally unsuited for moral leadership. Usually, it is the individual of the President who can hear the discordant voices of the Congress and the country, and unite them into harmony, into a single melody.  But in the absence of moral leadership in this White House, it was Congress--this Congress--that passed a balanced budget. The first balanced budget to be passed by any Congress in 27 years.  It was Congress that passed a children's tax credit. It was Congress that passed welfare reform. It was Congress that passed Medicare and Medicaid reform. It was Congress that passed a budget to end the era of big Government. These are all the items that the President pledged to do, but he did not do them. We did them.  Yet, what did he do in reality? He vetoed them. Balanced budget? Vetoed. Welfare reform? Vetoed. Medicare reform? Vetoed. Medicaid reform? Vetoed. Children's tax credits? Vetoed. This is the ``Veto President.'' His policy is ``Just Say No.'' This is the ``Do-Nothing Presidency.'' The reason is simple--there is no moral leadership coming from the White House.  Some of us have tried to work with the President. I have found that, when he does what he says, we can work together. An example of that is the President's national service program, AmeriCorps. I have been warning the administration for 2 years that AmeriCorps needed to be reinvented. Arrogance appeared to be in the way. For 2 years, the administration resisted the obvious need for reform.  But any program that pays close to $30,000 for a volunteer is in bad need of reinvention. AmeriCorps was giving boondoggles at the Pentagon a run for their money.  Under the new leadership of Harris Wofford--a former colleague of ours in the Senate--AmeriCorps is finally being reinvented. Two weeks ago, we held a joint press conference to announce the reinvention, and I pledged my support for their budget this year. We have heard lots about reinventing Government from this administration. They have done some good things. But they are just tinkering around the edges.  The Balanced Budget Act, passed last fall by this Congress, was a blueprint to reinvent the whole Federal Government. It did not have to be done our way. We would have worked with the White House on an alternative. But the White House refused to work for a real, credible balanced budget. There was a battle royale in the White House over the mind and soul of the President. The budget wonks lost out to the political operators.  The politicos argued that doing nothing would allow them to fund their special interests and maintain their voting base. Forget what is good for the country. They simply put reelection over reform. So the President followed the advice of the political operatives. The bloated ship of state steams along, on a rising tide of debt. Special interests are at the helm.  One of our colleagues in this body, Mr. President, understood this leadership problem in the White House last year. On October 21 of last year, he is quoted in the New York Times saying of President Clinton,       What troubles me is that after three years as president, he      doesn't appear to know where he wants to lead America.  That quote is from a member of our President's own party, Mr. President. It is a quote from Senator Bob Kerrey of Nebraska. I agree with him.  Even more to the point is the inability of the President to lead. And every time says one thing and does the opposite, he further erodes it.  It should have come as no surprise that politics would win out over fiscal sanity with this administration. Many of us had hoped a balanced budget was possible. We could have saved ourselves the trouble if we were not quite so optimistic. We should have done what the fourth estate did. We should have watched the President's actions, not his words.  I yield the floor.  