  As many of my colleagues know, for over a year and a half I have raised concerns about the costs of the AmeriCorps Program. Last summer, the General Accounting Office [GAO] issued a report that substantiated my concerns, finding that the average cost per participant is approximately $27,000, with the Federal Government providing roughly $20,000, State and local governments $5,000, and the private sector providing only 8 percent of these high costs.  There is no question that these measurements are not in keeping with the goals and vision of this program as originally articulated by President Bill Clinton.  I have stated in testimony and in letters to the President and administration officials that I would be willing to support funding for this program if the administration would commit to several specific program reforms, most importantly, increasing the private sector match and decreasing the cost per participant.  It has been my desire to ensure the taxpayers' money is spent efficiently and to increase the number of young people who will be provided assistance to pay for college. To that end, I met several weeks ago with Senator Harris Wofford, the chief executive officer of the Corporation. Since that meeting, we have been engaged in negotiations on how to improve and reform the AmeriCorps Program.  I am pleased to state that I believe these negotiations have achieved real progress. While there are still points that need to be addressed, Senator Wofford has indicated in a letter to me his commitment to implementing meaningful program reforms, control costs and increase the private sector match, as I have strongly suggested.  It is for this reason that I am willing to support funding for the Corporation and, in turn, AmeriCorps.  As my colleagues know, I have never criticized the good work performed by the young people who participate in AmeriCorps. I have met with young people from my State who participate in the I CAN Program that allows young people at Iowa State University and several other colleges in Iowa to perform community service while attending college full time. There is no question these college students are a benefit to their community.  However, we should not forget the 3.9 million young people who do volunteer work in their community without compensation. These volunteers help form the backbone of community service in America.  As I say, my concern is not the work performed, but the costs to the taxpayer and the possibility that more young people could be provided assistance if AmeriCorps is reinvented. My hope is that the reforms that Senator Wofford and I have agreed to will help ensure that the program meets the original goals articulated by President Clinton.  It is my view that this President, any President, has the right to see an initiative, such as this, be given an opportunity. However, the initiative must remain in keeping with the President's original intent. And that has been my focus, to keep this program's costs and private sector match in line with the President's promises.  Let me assure my colleagues that no one should take my statements today to mean that I am ready to anoint the Corporation with garlands.  The Corporation has serious problems, most significantly in the area of financial management. A recent audit of the Corporation, contracted by the Inspector General, indicates that there is an immediate need for fundamental reforms in financial management at the Corporation.  In addition, the Corporation must now implement the reforms that have been proposed, as well as meeting the goals for per capita costs and private sector match that it will establish.  My colleagues can be certain that, just as I have with agencies such as the Department of Defense and the IRS, I will continue to aggressively watchdog the taxpayers' money at the Corporation.  Madam President, in closing, let me reiterate how pleased I am to have worked with Senator Wofford on this issue. I commend him for his sincere efforts to reform the program. There is no question that the Corporation has benefited from his commitment and the fresh perspectives he has brought as chief executive officer.  Let me note too, the work of Congressman Hoekstra who has been a true watchdog for the taxpayers on this program. As I stated earlier, I share his strong concerns about the financial management at the Corporation.  I also want to commend the work of the chairmen of the committee and subcommittee, Senators Mark Hatfield and Kit Bond. I know it has been difficult to find funding for this program.  I especially want to thank Senator Bond. It has been my pleasure to work closely with him on this matter and appreciate all his efforts to address our mutual concerns that the taxpayers' money be spend effectively and wisely in this program.  