 President, the issue before us is one of the utmost importance, the farm bill. We have to debate this now because, as everybody knows, the commodity provisions of the new farm bill were part of the Balanced Budget Act of 1995. That Budget Act was vetoed by the President. The farm bill provisions went down with that. We did not have the votes to overturn the President's veto on the Balanced Budget Act.  Consequently, the farmers of America do not know for the first time in 5 years, since we passed the 1990 farm bill, what the Government policy is toward agriculture. This is necessary information that must be factored in to a lot of business decisions that are made by farmers.  The legislation that is before us will guarantee an investment of $6 billion in rural America this crop year, an investment in rural America at a time when there is a tremendous transition from the agriculture of the last half of the 20th century to the more free market, international-trade-oriented agriculture of the 21st century. When this transition is going on, this is when we need to bring some certainty to the business decisions of agriculture as best we can.  There has been some fault found, particularly on the other side of the aisle, with the fact that we might be spending $6 billion in rural America as an investment when grain prices are high, even though there is not a profit in cattle, there is not a profit in livestock generally, particularly cattle and pigs, but right now there is some profit in grain.  Some people have said on the floor of this body that we are giving welfare to farmers at a time when there are high prices. The inclination is to say that there is too much money in this farm bill for agriculture. I have heard some of those same Members say that they could not vote for farm bills in the past because they did not do enough for agriculture. How ironic that we have the same people today suggesting that we might be passing a farm bill that is too good for agriculture. It just does not add up.  Not only does it guarantee an investment in agriculture of about $43.5 billion over the next 7 years in this transition from a Government-controlled agriculture to a free market agriculture, but it goes from an agriculture system inclined toward domestic production for domestic consumption to a farm program for production to meet the competition and the demand of international trade. There is no more important time to do that.  Also, this legislation locks in the agricultural baseline and guarantees an investment in rural America of this $43 billion. It is important to have that baseline out there because this legislation, like most legislation, does not provide for a farm program beyond the sunset year of 2002.  There will be plenty of time for Congress to enact legislation beyond that period of time. But if we are not careful, what we do today will preclude agriculture having a baseline, and then when we come up with a farm program beyond the year 2002, it may be impossible to raise the money for that baseline.  This bill before us locks in that baseline, guarantees payments to farmers and for other programs such as conservation programs and export programs. It provides a real safety net by making sure that there are payments even when we have low yields that push prices higher.  Again, we have an ironic situation here where some people on the other side of the aisle are suggesting that because grain prices are high, there should not be any Government program. Do not forget about those farmers in west central Illinois, the northern third of Missouri, the southern third of Iowa, plus a lot of other places--I only mention those because they are close to the Midwest where I am from--who do have high prices but because of the wet spring and the flooding conditions could not plant their grains last year. They do not have grain to sell at a high price.  This program will help those people as well.  So it guarantees a 7-year payment. It will help a farmer in his cash flow situation have a steady, predictable cash-flow. At least a portion of that would come in Government payments that will allow the farmers and their bankers to make long-term business decisions that are so important to the success of agriculture.  This legislation also maximizes farmers' profit potential. The Food and Agriculture Policy Research Institute--this is a combination research institute of the University of Missouri and Iowa State University--estimates that even though payments from the Treasury will decline 21 percent under this bill from the previous 5 years, gross farm income will increase by 13 percent and net farm income by 27 percent over the next 10 years.  We eliminate this process by which people in the urban areas can say farmers are getting paid for not tilling the soil. This eliminates the set-aside authority so that farmers can send a clear signal to our international competition that we are going to produce on every productive acre what we can to meet international trade demands, to meet the humanitarian demands of a growing population throughout the world that otherwise, without the productivity of the American farmer, could have more instances of famine.  We give increased flexibility to the farmers to make planting decisions. We take that decisionmaking out of the hands of Washington bureaucrats and public servants.  It will be in the mind and office of every farmer to decide how many acres of corn or how many acres of soybeans to plant. Presently, those decisions are made, to the greatest extent, by people in Washington, far removed from the reality of farming, ignoring the marketplace and trying to insert their judgment upon the people on the spot. Full flexibility means plant what you want to plant, not what some Washington bureaucrat says.  This legislation significantly reduces Government regulation and bureaucratic redtape, thus enabling our farmers to compete in the world marketplace. It increases flexibility, or the increased flexibility allows farmers to plant specifically beyond what they would normally plant, moving to other crops, particularly the emphasis in American agriculture today to have value-added products instead of simply the traditional commodities.  