It wasn't shared. We didn't have warning, and we all know 800,000-plus people were brutally murdered in Rwanda during that genocide.  What I wish to do now is make sure we are on record in warning the United States, France, and the United Nations what is going on right now.  First of all, if we look--they say it is all decided, everyone has made up their minds, yet President Obiang--President Obiang of Equatorial Guinea. He is also the current President of the African Union, or the chief of the African Union. He is on record saying that Africa must be allowed to manage its own affairs, and this is a quote:       Africa does not need any external influence. Africa must      manage its own affairs.  This is the President who is the head right now of the African Union.  President Sarkozy has said--so there is no doubt about whether he has authorized his troops to go in there and participate in these raids that have taken place, two of them that I will describe in a minute. French President--this is reported on BBC News--Nicolas Sarkozy said in a statement he had authorized 1,600 strong French Licorne forces in the country.  That shows definitely, and I don't think anyone is questioning that. Here is another one:       One source said soldiers from a 1,000-strong French Licorne      force--  This is a very strong force--     in the Ivory Coast has been deployed in Zone 4, in the south      of the city.  I think also it is important to see that France has authorized its military--and I am reading now from the same report:       France has authorized its military to participate in a      United Nations operation in the Ivory Coast to protect      civilians against escalating violence there. The Elysee      Palace said the operation aimed to neutralize heavy weapons      belonging to troops loyal to President Gbagbo.  So he is talking about sending them in. Of course, I think most of us--I will go ahead and read one more thing here that I think is significant: ``French helicopters opened fire on a military camp in Abidjan on Monday.''  That is going to go down in history as ``Black Monday.''  If anyone wants to see what was happening with helicopters and rockets firing on all kinds of targets near the palace in the residence in Abidjan of Ouattara, go to my Web site. We have pictures of that.       Earlier, French President Nicholas Sarkozy said he had      authorized France's military to join a U.N. operation against      forces loyal to Ivory Coast's Laurent Gbagbo.  So, clearly, they are the ones who had--I want to say this: There are two major assaults on Cote d'Ivoire. I mistakenly thought that the French were involved in the one in a city called Duekoue. I find out later that they weren't. They were supporting, of course, Ouattara--the forces that were there, but they did not have a direct participation in it. A man named Guillaume Ngefa, who is the head of the United Nations mission in Cote d'Ivoire, said that Ouattara's forces had carried out the killings in Duekoue, and we have pictures--I am quoting them now:       We have pictures. We have evidence. This is retaliation.  That is what the deputy head of the mission in Cote d'Ivoire of the United Nations mission said.  Then: ``We have credible reports of serious abuses being committed by Ouattara's side.'' That came from Corinne Dufka, a Human Rights Watch researcher based in Dakar, Senegal. It is raising very serious concerns.  Then further quotes. It goes on and on. I will enter all of these quotes into the Record.  But the bottom line here is that Ouattara's forces are the ones that were involved in Duekoue when they--the estimate they have right here is that--it comes from Patrick Nicholson, a spokesman for the Catholic aid agency Caritas, saying that an agency team in town last week on a routine aid mission had found a lot of dead bodies. ``We estimate between 800 and 1,000 dead,'' Nicholson said in a telephone interview from Rome.       They are primarily killed by gunshot, though some of the      wounds were made by machetes. I don't think they were killed      in crossfire.  It is interesting, because the forces of President Gbagbo had left that area of Duekoue a week before all of that happened. So that had to have happened with those forces that were Ouattara's. Well, anyway, I am still quoting from this, which was printed in the Washington Post:       Ouattara's forces have also been accused of carrying out      reprisal killings and extrajudicial executions of prisoners      during their march to the capital.  Gbagbo's forces had vacated a week before.  We have pictures showing the French flags that were on the major massacre that took place and that was the one that took place on Monday night. I have already said all of this on the floor. We have talked about this and the problems.  One thing I haven't mentioned is one of the first things Ouattara did when he marched on Cote d'Ivoire in the south and on Abidjan is to turn to release all of the prisoners in one of the major Abidjan prisons--that is some 5,000 prisoners--and military sources loyal to the incumbent leader Gbagbo said the doors of the MACA prison--that is the big prison in that area--were opened by forces loyal to the President, Presidential claimant Alassane Ouattara, in the midst of an offensive aimed at Gbagbo.  Afterwards, they go into detail as to hearing the gunfire; in other words, releasing prisoners to fight against the sitting President.  Residents near the jail said thousands of youths streamed out of the prison, which had the capacity of 3,000 prisoners, but was believed to be holding over 5,000, into the neighborhood in Abidjan.       We heard gun fire early this morning and afterwards the      doors of the prison were opened and prisoners were left      shouting for joy.  That is something I have not had in the Record before.  One of the things I have to repeat that I have stated before--let me ask the Chair how much time I have remaining.  