He is a man of outstanding moral integrity who has had a distinguished career in the U.S. Army.  Four years ago, General Petraeus was called ``General Betray Us'' by Moveon.org and other leftist groups. While I have always supported General Petraeus, others in this body have not. The general's rise, since 2007, to national prominence that supersedes party and ideology is indicative of the incredible nature of his service to our country.  When analysts discuss success of the Iraq surge in 2007 and 2008, credit is given to counterinsurgency tactics or to counterterrorism tactics. The ``awakening'' of the Sunni leadership has often been touted as the decisive factor as has the marginalization of the Shia extremist militias. But I would submit to the Senate that the success of the surge had a singular root in the leadership of General Petraeus.  After successfully leading U.S. and coalition forces in Iraq, our Nation once again called upon General Petraeus to lead combat operations in Afghanistan. As in Iraq, he developed and executed a strategy that took the momentum away from the enemy and began the process of providing a lasting stability in Afghanistan. General Petraeus has acknowledged that we have only begun to ``get the inputs right'' in that war-torn country. His leadership, rapport with the troops, interaction with our coalition partners, and efforts with the Afghan government have been decisive to the successes we have had in Afghanistan to date.  General Petraeus now moves on to a new challenge. He will lead the Central Intelligence Agency, which is now rightfully riding high in the wake of killing Osama bin Laden. His nomination to this position is an inspired choice that I am very happy to support. In General Petraeus, we have a leader whom we can trust as our Nation continues to prosecute the global war on terrorism.  Our Nation and its people owe General Petraeus and his family a debt of gratitude for their selfless service. They are an inspiration to this Nation, young and old, to spend their lives in service and support of our Nation--in the military where possible or in government service or private endeavors. There will be many speeches and many accolades for this inspiring leader, and rightly so. But let us give General Petraeus the tribute that any leader really craves--to look behind him, and see followers.  