In fact, the Senator is fully aware my daughter Molly is a marketing professor at the University of Arkansas, who has talked about this very concept. I do not know why all the successes have gravitated to northwest Arkansas, but it seems that they have. Maybe this has something to do with it. I look forward to following through with the Senator on this program.  I wish to mention a couple things I have been wanting to talk about, but I am here actually to describe two amendments I have to the FAA bill.  First, I would like to say publicly how proud I am of the new attorney general, Scott Pruitt, that we have in the State of Oklahoma. He is taking the leadership in suing to determine the constitutionality of the government-run health care. We are doing that currently in the State of Oklahoma. I am looking for some great results from that.  As I look at this, sometimes you have to ask the very basic questions. If you are talking about a government-run system, something that doesn't work in Sweden or Denmark or the UK or Canada, why would it work here, when we have all these members of Parliament coming over saying: Why are you insisting on going to something that is a dismal failure at the same time we are moving toward a much more successful health delivery system, the model for the whole world, and that is what we have in the United States.  I have to say also, when I look and listen to people talking about the debt and the deficit and the problems we have, I think it is ludicrous that we can go back and try to act like Bush had these great deficits. If you take the deficits during the 8 Bush years, add them all up and divide by 8, it came out to $247 billion each year. Now we have a President who has in just 2 years accumulated almost $3 trillion--six times the deficit that was there under the Bush administration. When people keep saying something over and over that is not true, they assume people will eventually believe it. In this case, I believe the American people are so concerned about the spending, the unprecedented spending, the unsustainable spending of this administration, this President and his majority in both Houses, they are up on this issue.  Before I get to my two amendments, I wish to mention one other aspect I was going to have as an amendment to the FAA bill. Unfortunately, there was not time to put it together, so I will be doing some sometime this summer, but I wish to serve notice. I have the distinction, I guess you would say, since the retirement of Senator John Glenn, I am now, I believe, the last remaining active commercial pilot in the Senate. When I look at the FAA bill, I have a lot of interest in it.  I had an incident that occurred to me on October 20 of this year when I was flying my twin-engine airplane into a field in south Texas. It was called Cameron County Airport, a noncontrolled field. I experienced something that is going to make me go back and revisit to see if perhaps what happened to me, if it happens to someone else, people in the FAA would be just as generous as they were with me.  Before I tell you what happened, I have to say the FAA could not have been better. They could not have been more cooperative. I sat down and talked with them about the incident. I will tell you what happened. I was flying some passengers in one of my planes, a twin-engine airplane, into Cameron County Airport. This happened to be a nice day. It was a VFR--visual flight rules is what that means--so I didn't have to have control with the controllers on the way down. However, as a precautionary measure, what I always do, I talk to them anyway. So when you go down straight south from Tulsa, OK, to Cameron County Airport, you fly right over Corpus Christi. That is about 120 miles north of the Cameron County Airport.  Because they have a lot of training down there--they have the Navy guys, the training that takes place--it is always safer, when you are flying around down there with a lot of kids who may only have 30 or 40 hours, to get on control so they are watching you. When you get on a control, in this case it is an approach control, they give you a squawk so you know--they know who you are, where you are, how fast you are going, how you relate to the other traffic in the area. So I got on Corpus Christi approach and I said: This is Twin Cessna 115 echo alpha. I will be coming south on VFR, descending through 15,500 to go to the Cameron County Airport.  Halfway down they handed me off--this is the terminology that is used--to the FAA controller down there in the valley. This is way down South. A lot of the people back East here do not understand that Texas, when you get down to the southern tip, that is farther south than Miami, FL. It is way down there.  We went down and they handed me off to what they call valley approach. Valley approach took me all the way down to Cameron County Airport, turned me loose--and I am trying to get the recording so I know exactly when it was--to land at the Cameron County Airport. This is the FAA.  The problem is, when I went ahead and landed--by the time I got everything in landing configuration, it was too late to go around. We are going below the blue line, as the saying is, so I had to land when there were workers on the runway.  I say to my friend from Iowa, the way they normally preclude something from happening, as he well knows, is they have you on their radar. They know you are there. But they publish NOTAMs, that is Notice to Airmen. Before you fly into any place, you check the NOTAMs to see if there is construction on the runway, if there is any kind of problem. Of course, we checked and there were no NOTAMs that day for Cameron County Airport, but there were people working on the runway.  I wish to offer legislation, and I will include in the legislation a requirement that NOTAMs are published where they can be found by the pilot. In this case, the NOTAM that came out that there is someone working on the airport did not come out until November 2 and this was October 20, so I had no control over it. I am not blaming anyone. I am saying they need to be in a conspicuous place where that will happen.  The second problem I see that affects general aviation is everything we do when we talk to a controller is recorded, and the public should have access to these recordings. I know it is a difficult thing. I have requested this, now, since way back in October and have not yet received it. I am going to try to set up a system where that is available to everyone.  Then, last, because even though no action was taken--I didn't violate anything and everything turned out fine; I did study procedures and all that--but the bottom line is, all during that process, someone, a bureaucrat, could have taken away my license. Here I have more hours than most American airline pilots. I fly, on average, probably 4 hours a week still to this day. That would be taking away a major part of my life and that is how serious it is.  Many years ago, about 10 years ago, the greatest pilot in America, named Bob Hoover--he is a tremendous pilot, up in years, actually considerably older than I am--and they actually took away his license. This is called an emergency revocation. I authored a law to require a type of an appeal, appellate process. We passed it. I think a similar thing should be afforded to all members.  Again, I wish to say the FAA could not have been more cooperative and more thorough, but I think we need to change the rules. We will probably have to do it legislatively. I plan to do that during the summer.  My two amendments. The first is one I think most people, when they understand it, will appreciate; that is, they are attempting, it is my understanding--right now there is a rule that is pending. It is not part of this legislation directly but in a way it is because, with my amendment, we would be able to preclude this from happening. The air carriers are scheduled airlines and unscheduled. The unscheduleds--they are called charter airlines and other types of airlines--they are under a different FAR, the Federal Aviation Regulation, part 21, but it is a subpart S. Subpart S says, if you are an unscheduled airline, you are not restricted to the same crew restrictions they have for a scheduled airline. There is a reason for this.  The reason is this. A scheduled airline, they are out there every day, and they adjust their schedules for crew rest time. A charter does not have that opportunity. So they may go maybe three or four times what the crew's rest would be and then have to take a longer flight. This does affect the military. Right now, if you are flying blood into Afghanistan, it is flown in by charter airlines. These airlines will take it down to Qatar and then go in probably on a C-17.  To go from Ramstein down to Qatar and back is longer than they can take without crew rest or, if they take it into Afghanistan, that charter flight would have to do crew rest actually in Afghanistan--maybe in Kabul. Obviously, they cannot leave a civilian plane there under some of those conditions. So the only choice, then, is we would have to use some of our lift capacity of the C-17s to do that.  The problem we are having right now, our C-17s are so overworked, our crews are overworked, so I believe that exemption should continue to be in place and we will be trying to pass this amendment. I am going to try to get in the queue. This is actually our amendment No. 7.  The other amendment I have I am very sensitive to because I have participated in these programs. There are a lot of voluntary organizations, volunteer pilots--I have done it at my own expense, helping heart patients get around different places, flying in to help people out. A lot of pilots are very generous with their equipment and time and money and they do this. What I want to do is get them a release from some of the liability to which they would otherwise be exposed. In other words, these people are doing this at their own expense, on their own time, but they are also exposing themselves to major lawsuits.  These are the two amendments. That happens to be amendment No. 6. I will be trying to get that in the queue after tonight's vote, so perhaps we will be voting on it sometime between now and Tuesday.  With that, I appreciate the patience of my friend from Iowa and I yield the floor.  