President, first, let me say I will be supporting the bill that we have before us today. It did not go far enough, though. What we ought to do is open everything. I am talking about the Pacific, the Atlantic, the gulf, the North Slope, the public lands. That is what we really need to be doing.  I know there are some reasons they are confining it to the gulf in terms of this legislation. While I respect that, again it does not go far enough.  Let me make one comment about yesterday's vote. Right now the single issue people have in terms of energy is the price of gas at the pump. I know it is not just my wife, they are all that way. I can see that. But when the Democrats came up with their bill last night, I hope people remember who was voting for this. That was for a major tax increase on what they call Big Oil.  Big oil is the five biggest oil companies. I hate to say this, but sometimes you walk on the floor with half truths and get by with it, and people will assume that is true. As much as I love my fellows on the other side, some of the things that were stated were actually just totally inaccurate.  To say the big five don't pay taxes--they pay huge taxes. I don't know where they come up with some of these numbers. I am going to single out one company, ExxonMobil, and tell my colleagues something they are not aware of because it has not been said on the Senate floor yet.  In 2010, ExxonMobil's total tax expenses in the United States were $9.8 billion. That is what they paid in taxes in 2010. That includes income tax expense of more than $1.9 billion. That $9.8 billion in taxes exceeded the 2010 U.S. operating earnings of $7.5 billion.  What we are saying is, they paid $9.8 billion in taxes. They only received $7.5 billion in terms of earnings from the United States. Why is that? It is because about 80 percent of their operations are in other countries. They are in 100 different countries. Not one of the other countries charges taxes when they go offshore. I believe we are the only country that charges a U.S. tax on production that takes place in some other country.  For that reason, if we tax them like most people do it would have been a tax credit and not a tax at all. Nonetheless, they were accountable for paying taxes that year of $9.8 billion. Look at this year. That was 2010. During the first quarter of this year, our U.S. operating earnings of this particular company were $2.8 billion--that is the first quarter of 2011. The rest of their earnings, more than $8 billion, camefrom operations in more than 100 countries worldwide.  Here is a number we will not hear in Washington. During the first quarter on those earnings, U.S. earnings of $2.6 billion, they incurred a tax expense and paid a tax of $3.1 billion. They are paying more than they are getting out of this country. I think sooner or later we have to come up and just tell the truth of what is happening. It is all class warfare. I think we know that: Big, bad oil. They are all bad.  We have a lot of production in my State of Oklahoma. We have companies such as Devon and Anadarko and others that are doing a lot to relieve this problem. I know what is going to happen. It did not pass, obviously, and is not going to pass, but if it had the next target would be some of the smaller domestic companies.  I remember coming down to the floor last year when the good Senator from Vermont had a bill and was bringing it up by unanimous consent, and I just happened to get here in time to stop it and debate it and defeat it. In that bill they even held up a picture of a check from ExxonMobil as to what their tax liabilities were--totally wrong, in my opinion, and apparently in the opinion of 61 of the 100 Senators because they joined me in opposing that particular legislation.  We have a solution to the problem. This is not rocket science. Right now we have the data. It just happened in the last 8 months that the Congressional Research Service--nobody has stood on the Senate floor and questioned the fact that they are nonpartisan; they are objective. They looked at our recoverable reserves in coal, oil, and gas and found they are greater in America than any other country in the world. We have those recoverable reserves.  The problem is, we have a political problem where the liberals here, along with liberals in the White House, including the President, will not exploit our own resources. We have all the oil and gas and coal that is out there. We could be totally independent of the Middle East in a very short period of time if we would just go offshore on all three coasts, along with the North Slope, ANWR, and with our public lands. As I say, every other country does it.  So we have to wonder: Why don't we do it? Why is it we don't care about supplying ourselves with homegrown oil, gas and coal and taking care of our own energy needs? We have the ability, but the politicians will not let us do it.  There is one reason. That is--and this is disturbing--that in the case of this administration, they don't want to do it. This administration has said many times they are not interested. Listen to what Alan Krueger, Assistant Secretary of Treasury, said:       The tax subsidies that are currently provided to the oil      and gas industry lead to inefficiency by encouraging an over      investment of domestic resources in industry.  Secondly, he says:       The administration believes that it is no longer sufficient      to address our nation's energy needs by finding more fossil      fuels. . . .  Look, I am all for coal, gas, oil. I am for nuclear. I am for all of the above. I am for all of the renewables: Sun, wind, and everything else. But we have to run this machine today, tomorrow, and the next 5 and 10 years. We can't do that without fossil fuels.  Further, they stated:       The administration's goal is to have resources invested in      ways which yield the highest social return.  Social return, that is a totally different thing--not an economic return, not the ability to run our country ourselves but some kind of a social engineering that is going on.  The best quote and the most telling is the one that came from Secretary Chu, the Energy Secretary for President Obama. Listen to this:       We are going to have to get some sort of regulatory thing      going on that [hydraulic fracturing].  He said:       Somehow we have to figure out how to boost the price of      gasoline to the levels in Europe.  This is our administration saying this. This is the Secretary of Energy:       Somehow we have to figure out how to boost the price of      gasoline to the levels in Europe.  They are intentionally raising the price of gas and it is by their own admission.  We were warned way back during the campaign when President Barack Obama was a Senator. He said:       Under my plan of a cap and trade system, electricity rates      would necessarily skyrocket.  So we have an effort by them. I would just warn my good friends on the Democratic side of the aisle to watch this pretty closely because just because the President wants to increase the price of oil doesn't mean that your constituents do. In fact, I can assure you your constituents do not, unless there is something unusual about my State of Oklahoma.  Let's see what the CRS report said a little bit more specifically. They said, in the updated report, America's combined recoverable oil, natural gas, and coal endowment is the largest on Earth. America's recoverable resources are far larger than those of Saudi Arabia, China, and Canada combined. That is the resources we have in oil, coal, and gas.  America is the world's third largest oil producer and is endowed with 163 billion barrels of recoverable oil which will run the United States of America for 50 years. We can run it. All the oil we will need for 50 years, we have it. We just have to get the politicians out of the way so we can produce it.  Natural gas, in terms of trillions of cubic feet, America's future supply of natural gas is over 2,000 trillion cubic feet, an increase of more than 25 percent just since the committee's 2006 estimate. At today's rate of use, this is enough natural gas to meet America's demand for 90 years.  Keep in mind natural gas is not just natural gas to develop energy, but also natural gas is something we are going to be using in our cars today. It is available. They are working on technology. We are working on the certification of engines that will burn natural gas. When we are, it is going to relieve that tension also. Right now, the price of a comparable gallon of natural gas to run an automobile is $1.60 gallon--$1.60 as opposed to $4, so it is out there.  I have to say this. The President made a speech, and I responded on a couple of TV stations. This was probably 3 weeks ago. It was on energy. He said in that speech: We have an abundant supply of good, clean natural gas. We need to be using it. Then, at the end of that speech, he said: However, we have to be very careful what we are going to be doing because we don't want to contaminate our drinking water with hydraulic fracturing.  I happen to come from Oklahoma. The first hydraulic fracturing job in Oklahoma was done in 1948. We have not had one documented case of groundwater contamination ever since 1948, 60 years. Yet, right now, they are going to stop us from going after natural gas by taking away hydraulic fracturing. In these tight formations, the shale formations, you can't develop a cubic foot of natural gas without using hydraulic fracturing. It is a way of inserting liquids in to force the gas out so we can develop it. So it is there. So the President is saying we need to use natural gas, but we don't want to use hydraulic fracturing.  There is an effort right now by many Members to try to take that over as a Federal function, the regulation of hydraulic fracturing. Right now, there has never been a problem with it. It is regulated differently in different States. For example, in my State of Oklahoma, in the Anadarko Basin, we are talking about depths of some 35,000 feet. If you go just north in Kansas, it is between 3,000 and 4,000 feet. So it is different in different States. It needs different regulation. It is not broken and we don't need to fix it.  What has the President done? He has put Secretary Chu in charge of determining what we are going to do with hydraulic fracturing. Secretary Chu is the same guy who said we have to raise the price of our gasoline to be comparable to the gasoline price in Europe. So that is the wrong guy for that kind of a study.  Besides that, I would remind my colleagues we actually have a study that is going on right now by the Environmental Protection Agency on hydraulic fracturing that isn't through yet. It would seem to me we ought to at least finish and get this study before we rush in and try to pass something that will stop us from being able to develop our natural gas.  I can say the same thing for coal. America is No. 1 in coal reserves. Right now--people aren't aware of it--we are reliant upon coal for 50 percent of the power it takes to run this machine called America. America is No. 1 in coal resources, accounting for more than 28 percent of the world's coal.  So we have it here. We have gas. We have coal. We have oil. All we have to do is develop them.  How many people in America who have gone through elementary school don't remember supply and demand? We have a huge supply and there is a great demand for it, but we have our politicians who will not let us develop our supply. As long as that holds, it is going to be very difficult for us to do it.  So I would just say this. This is a wakeup call for the American people. We have a vote this afternoon. It is not good enough. I am going to vote for it. But we ought to be opening our exploration and production all over America. To do that, we have to go beyond this bill. This is a start and it is a start that is worthwhile.  With that, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  