Sometimes we stand on the floor and we talk about jobs. But here is the evidence, Oklahoma has a big dog in this fight. Not only do we have Cushing--when the Senator from North Dakota talked about Cushing, that is Cushing, OK, right there on his map. That is kind of a choke point in this pipeline. They all kind of converge. There is no way of getting down to Texas without getting through what we have in Oklahoma.  But more so, if you do not think this is a jobs bill, you have a very famous Oklahoman working in your State. I would say Harold Hamm is probablythe No. 1 producer out there today. I have talked to him. Do you know what his biggest problem is in North Dakota? His biggest problem is he cannot find anyone to work. They are full employed up there. What better evidence is there that this solves the problem--that this is a jobs bill--than the jobs in North Dakota?  I think there is something sadly lacking in this debate, though; that is, that this is just an extension of what this administration has been trying to do. They have been trying to kill fossil fuels from the very beginning. Let me quote Alan Kruger, who is chair of the President's Council of Economic Advisers. He says: ``The administration believes that it is no longer sufficient to address our nation's energy needs by finding more fossil fuels.'' He wants to kill fossil fuels.  Steven Chu, the Energy Secretary said: ``Somehow we are going to have to figure out how to increase the price of oil to be equal to that in Central Europe.'' That is $8 a gallon. He is trying to wean us off fossil fuels. We cannot run this machine called America without it.  I only wanted to mention that, and I appreciate the Senator from North Dakota talking about the Environment and Public Works Committee. It has been an effort of this administration through the backdoor, through regulation, to do away with fossil fuels. The boiler MACT--MACT, by the way, means Maximum Achievable Controlled Technology.  By increasing the emission requirements on boilers and on utilities, we are talking about around $83 billion a year of cost. Compare that to the cap and trade. Cap and trade right now is--and we have gone through this on the floor with all these bills trying to have cap and trade and the greenhouse gases and all that. The cost of that is between $300 and $400 billion a year. That is more than all the other regulations combined.  It is all aimed at one thing. What is that one thing? To stop fossil fuels. Of course, when we talk about my State of Oklahoma being kind of the choke point, as the Senator has pointed out in his chart over there, I say to my good friend from North Dakota, we have done an analysis of jobs just in my State of Oklahoma. By the construction of the Keystone XL, that would be 14,000 new jobs just in Oklahoma--just in my State--and an increase of personal income by $847 million.  So this is a huge thing that we have in my State of Oklahoma. Cushing just happens to be the crossroads. That is where they all come together. They are clogged up now. As the Senator pointed out, they cannot do anything. Their hands are tied because they are in total capacity right now.  It should be a no-brainer. But the problem is there is one man, as the Senator from Nebraska said, one man can make this a reality, the President of the United States. He has made it very clear he does not want to do anything to help fossil fuels in America. It is a political problem we have.  