We have been talking about a balanced budget amendment. We have been talking about this problem for many years. To me, I feel great frustration that I am even in the Chamber right now.  Quite often what I do--I have a very regular schedule. If I am not on a weekend in Iraq, Afghanistan or Africa, someplace having to do with the duties I have as the second ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, I am back in Oklahoma. I have been a pilot for 50 years and I get in a little plane and I go out and talk to real people. People shake their heads and say: Why are we still talking about this? Why aren't we doing it? Why is it we are so wrapped up in this thing?  There is not an easy answer. We are supposed to be back here, I guess, talking about a Libya resolution. We all realize that is something that kind of diverts the attention of the American people from the real problem. The real problem of course is the deficit. As I see where we are and look at some of the alternatives they have--the Senator from Indiana said the Democrats want to, I guess tomorrow morning, vote on some kind of a bill that is going to be a tax increase on the millionaires. We are right back again with our class warfare. If we are to rephrase that statement from an economic perspective we would say something like this: It is the sense of the Senate that we should raise taxes on America's job creators and entrepreneurs to prevent the economy from recovering from this recession.  That is exactly what we would be doing. Yesterday, I searched through a database of the IRS, their historical tax data. If we were to tax all the income of those individuals making $1 million or more at a 100-percent tax rate--in other words, take every cent they have, tax them all--the total amount of revenue that would be generated would be $700 billion.  Stop and think about that, $700 billion is way less than half the deficit President Obama gave us just this year, a $1.65 trillion deficit. It is clearly a deceptive thing. The American people, I think they assume they are so dumb they can tax millionaires and getus out of this mess. According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, the 750,000 Americans in the highest tax bracket report less than half of the total net business income earned in this country. This is income that comes from flow-through entities such as the LLCs and partnerships. In other words, it comes from small businesses. If we were to tax the small businesses as they are going to attempt to do by saying they are taxing the millionaires, who is going to be able to grow their small businesses? I don't know. No one, I guess, has the answer. There is no answer.  There is no question we have a serious problem in Washington. Our debt is at the legal limit of $14.3 trillion, and what caused this problem is spending. In the short 2\1/2\ years since coming to office, President Obama has managed to increase spending by 30 percent. Thirty percent. He incurred a trillion dollar deficit each year and pushed our national debt up by 35 percent. The statistic that no one seems to care about, and we say it over and over, is this President has increased the debt of America more in his 2\1/2\ years than all Presidents throughout the history of America from George Washington to George W. Bush. Let me say this is not the first time this is coming up. Every time you turn around in this administration: Well, we are going to have to increase the debt limit. If not, some great crisis will take place. We did this on February 17, 2009. I voted against it. They increased the debt limit at that time. If you remember, that was the $800 billion stimulus bill. In December of 2009, a stand-alone bill to increase the debt limit of $290 billion passed. We remember so well Tim Geithner saying if we don't do this, it will ruin our credit nationwide. Then again in February of 2010, $1.9 trillion. They increased it again. The same thing. You have to draw the line someplace. There is going to be some point at which you are going to say, no, we are not going to do it unless we get some reductions and some fiscal sanity that is built into it. Right now, since reaching the legal limit, the Treasury has been shuffling money around to pay bills and they will run out of ways to do this on August 2. If an agreement to raise the debt limit has not been reached by then, Treasury will have to decide which bills to pay and which bills not to pay, and nobody wants that.  In order to raise the debt ceiling, we have to lock in the reforms necessary to permanently prevent this income debt crisis. We all know the scary statistics, but, to me, solving the problem is easy. We spent our way into this problem so we need to stop spending to get out of it. Tax revenue has not been our problem. Tax hikes should not be a part of the solution. Regardless, President Obama has made very clear he wants tax increases to be included in any kind of a debt limit deal. Sure, he may say he wants to raise taxes on millionaires and billionaires. You are going to hear it over and over. All these people out here are supposed to believe this. It is not true.  I said earlier the folks he is targeting are those who own small businesses and ones that are creating jobs. When you target tax hikes on folks such as these, you hurt everybody. This is not what we need to do. Our economy is stalling and our unemployment rate is still above 9 percent. We need to cut spending in the short term. This is a program that many people adhere to now. I don't know how many we have. I think the pledge includes about 30 Members who say we need to cut spending in the short term, cap spending in the medium term, and balance the budget in the long term to put the Nation on a sustainable, limited government path. This is the only way out of this mess.  I have been a leader here. I can remember back when I introduced the HELP Act. That was when this President first came in and he wanted to take the discretionary nondefense spending and freeze it at the new level after he increased it by 20 percent. I said, no, let's go back to 2008 levels. If we had done that, we would not be facing the problems we have.  Decades ago when I was in the State legislature, there was a great Senator from Nebraska named Carl Curtis. He came to me one day and he said, I have been trying to pass a balanced budget amendment here in the Senate for decades. The argument they use against it is the States will never ratify it. So he came up with the idea, let's preratify a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. Well, that sounded great to me so I introduced a resolution in the Oklahoma State Senate preratifying, which we did, a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. That was kind of fun. We came within two or three States of doing this. Had it passed, we wouldn't be here today with the problems we are facing. When you look and you say it is going to be difficult, it is not difficult. But I believe the only way to be able to pull this off and to resolve the problem is to do something about a balanced budget amendment. We have proposed one. It is out there. Senator Hatch is active in this. We are all looking at it. During peacetime the amendment would require a two-thirds majority in both Chambers of Congress to authorize the specific deficit funding level for a fiscal year. We all understand emergencies can come up. We have wars in which case we need to do something about it. This allows an escape, but it means two-thirds of the majority of the House and the Senate would have to agree to it.  Importantly, the balanced budget amendment would require a two-thirds majority in both Chambers to pass any kind of a tax increase. Our problem is our tax increases. That is what the President wants more of. The balanced budget amendment is the only reform that will put our Nation on a true path to permanent fiscal stability. This is what we need to do. This balanced budget amendment is the reform we need, and I pledge to oppose any deal to increase the debt limit that does not immediately cut the spending in the short term, cap the spending in the medium term, and include a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.  I urge the Members to seize upon this opportunity. We have not had a serious opportunity at a balanced budget amendment now for decades. The time is here because we have never faced this before. We have never had a President who has proposed and passed $5 trillion of deficit in 2\1/2\ years. The people of America are not dumb. They know we cannot sustain that. They are going to say, all right, we all have to bite the bullet and do this thing. We need to do it. The time is right. I agree with the Senator from Indiana who said, there hasn't been a time before that is right, but this time is right. Now that this legislative agenda is dead that we have been talking about, the President has pursued aggressive regulations, especially through the EPA, that seriously harm the economy. I think a lot of people are confined in their thinking about the fact that we are spending too much money. They don't realize there is also a cost to overregulation. Right now almost everything the liberals have tried to pass through here, such as cap and trade, the President and his colleagues in the House and the Senate are trying to do through regulation through the EPA, and that is as expensive as spending money.  I don't think this is rocket science. It is something we can pass, the balanced budget amendment to the Constitution, and put Americans back to work and these are the only things that will resolve our debt problems.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Franken). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  