We do have a bill in consideration right now, in process for a vote. It is my understanding there will be a vote on amendment No. 183 in the next perhaps hour or so, maybe in a few minutes.  Let me give a little background on what happened on this, where we are today. Back in the early 1990s we had the Kyoto treaty that was up for consideration. That was during the Clinton administration. The Kyoto treaty was one we looked at and studied here in this Senate. One of the concerns about it was it was assuming we have catastrophic global warming that was due to manmade gases, anthropogenic gases--methane. That assumption everybody thought probably was right, because everybody said it was--until such time as we thought what the cost would be if at that time we would have ratified the Kyoto treaty and lived by its emissions restrictions. The cost would be somewhere between $300 and $400 billion. That actually came from the Wharton School.  We looked at that and thought we better look at that pretty closely. Over some debate we decided, if this treaty came back--which President Clinton signed but had to come to the Senate for ratification--if it came to the Senate for ratification we would not ratify any treaty that had either one of two things--No. 1, would be devastating to our economy and, No. 2, it would not treat developing countries the same as developed countries.  As it turned out, it did both. It is one that only affected the developed countries and, of course, with the reports we had on the cost, it would be very expensive. But that was back in the 1990s.  Starting around the year 2000 and specifically 2003, this was called to our attention at that time. I say to you, Madam President, I was the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee that had jurisdiction. We looked at this and evaluated the science that was behind it as well as we could. The science on which this is predicated came from the United Nations. Actually, in 1988 the IPCC, the International Panel on Climate Change, was formed. This came in the United Nations and the science behind it was pretty much confined to recommendations from the IPCC.  We started getting phone calls from well-respected scientists all over the country and these scientists would say to us that the IPCC is a closed society. They would not let anyone in to offer their judgment unless they agreed that in fact anthropogenic gases were causing catastrophic global warming.  These scientists started piling up until, I believe it was around 2003, we had a couple of hundred of them. I remember standing at this podium and talking on the floor about all the scientists who disagreed with the science of the IPCC. At that time I made a statement that became quite an irritant to a lot of people when I said: The notion that we are having catastrophic global warming due to anthropogenic gases could be the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people.  I remember going to one of the meetings. Every year the United Nations throws a big party. We just had our 15th, I would add. Everyone remembers a year ago it was Copenhagen. This year it was Cancun. Back then, in 2003, it happened to be in Milan, Italy. I was kind of detested by everyone there because everyone else there was saying we have to do something about this catastrophe that was about to hit us.  As the years went by we had bills. We had the bill in 2003, the bill in 2005, the bill in 2007, in 2009, the last one was the Markey-Waxman--Waxman-Markey bill. Each time those who were behind this, seeking to pass some kind of cap-and-trade bill, were fewer every time we voted. The last count there were a total of 30 Members of the Senate who would say they would vote for the last cap-and-trade bill.  The interesting thing about the bill coming up now is that they were unable to pass it legislatively, which is what we should be doing. We should behandling this through legislation. We tried. We considered it and it went through the process and it failed. Now they are trying to do it through regulations. It has been speculated that the cost to the American people would be even greater if done through the Environmental Protection Agency than if it were done legislatively.  It was not long ago we had a hearing. I have a great deal of respect for President Obama's Director of the Environmental Protection Agency, Lisa Jackson. She testified before our committee live on TV, and I asked the question. I said if we were to pass this--it might have been the Waxman-Markey bill--it doesn't matter, they are all the same. Cap-and-trade is cap-and-trade--it would have cost between $300 and $400 billion if we ratified Kyoto and the same would be true of any of the five or six cap-and-trade bills we have defeated since then.  But I said let's say we pass this and have it signed into law. Would this reduce CO2 emissions? That is the whole idea. CO2 emissions were supposed to be causing all this. I was very proud of her, because it took a lot of courage to give the response she did. She said in response: No, it wouldn't, because it would only affect the United States of America.  Then I would take it one step further. What would happen if we have cap-and-trade--whether it is by legislation or by regulation, it doesn't matter--what they are going to do is regulate everything that is out there in our society. As I say, the cost would be between $300 and $400 billion.  What I do, since I am not as smart as the rest of them around here, when I hear the billions and trillions of dollars, I try to see what does this cost my people in Oklahoma. I did the math, and in Oklahoma, if we take the total number of people who have filed tax returns, and divide it into the amount of taxes this would cost, it would be about $3,100 per family in my State of Oklahoma.  What do you get if you get it? You get something even the EPA Director said is not going to lower worldwide CO2 emissions, so you don't get anything for it.  The big vote coming up in a few minutes is on a bill I have introduced, and we have now introduced this as an amendment to this small business bill, that would say to the EPA: You no longer have jurisdiction--which they should not have, and I questioned that they have it in the first place--over the regulation of CO2.  There is a lot of talk about the Clean Air Act. I was a very strong supporter of the Clean Air Act. Several people who take a different position from me on the vote that is coming up talk about the Clean Air Act and all the wonderful things it has done--and I agree. It has. So I feel strongly about it. We have cleaner air now than we have had in a long period of time. The thing is, it was designed to take care of six known pollutants. CO2 was not one, it was not a pollutant. The Court said you do not have to count it as a pollutant but if you want to you can do it. So it was optional to the Environmental Protection Agency and to the government of our country.  They elected to do that. In order to do that they have to have an endangerment finding. An endangerment finding is something that says CO2 is an endangerment to public health. When the same administrator, Administrator Jackson, was before our committee--and this was right before Copenhagen; this would have been a year ago last December--I can remember making a statement to her, again in the same public meeting: Madam Administrator, I have a feeling when I leave for Copenhagen tomorrow you are going to have an endangerment finding.  I could see a few smiles. I said: If that happens, it has to be based on some science, doesn't it?  She said yes, it does.  What science do you base it on?  Well, primarily the IPCC.  Primarily--this was right before all the Climategate stuff came out, where they saw that they were falsifying science. All the things we found during the mid-1990s about scientists coming in, they were correct after all and they had been cooking the science on this thing. So that is another problem we have that we are faced with.  The way to solve the problem, and I think many of my Democratic friends--many of them said they agree this should be a matter of the legislature and not a matter of the EPA making these decisions. This morning I quoted some of them. I have it right here.  Senator Baucus, a Democratic Senator, said:       I mentioned I do not want the EPA writing these      regulations. I think it is too much power in the hands of one      single agency, but rather climate change should be a matter      essentially left to Congress.  I agree with that and it was left to Congress. We considered five or six bills on this.  Senator Ben Nelson, another Democrat from Nebraska, said:       Controlling the levels of carbon emissions is the job of      Congress. We don't need EPA looking over Congress' shoulder      telling us we are not moving fast enough.  I agree with him. In addition to that, we have eight other Democratic Senators who said essentially the same thing, so I think that is pretty well understood.  One reason I wanted to mention this before the vote takes place, my wife thinks the greatest problem facing America is the price of gas at the pump. My wife is not the only wife around here believing that, I know. She was saying for a long period of time, what causes these things? And it is very easy.  Even my grandkids understand supply and demand. That is taught in elementary schools nowadays. So supply and demand is at work here. We have supply in the United States of America. We have--and I am going to show you in just a minute--in fact, I will go ahead and do that now because I want everyone who votes on this to understand anyone, Democrat or Republican, who votes against my amendment is voting to increase dramatically the price of gas at the pumps.  The next time we hear someone say we have--this is something you keep hearing, that we have just 3 percent of the oil in this country. I think that is interesting because they say 3 percent of the proven reserves. Well, proven reserves cannot take place until such time as you drill to prove it.  We have Members of the majority, along with the White House, the majority of the Members of the Senate have disallowed us to go out and drill. So if you cannot drill--something like 83 percent of our public lands where we could be drilling for oil, we cannot do it because they will not let us do it. So if they will not let us do it, then there cannot be proven reserves.  But they do have recoverable reserves. Our recoverable reserves right now in America are 135 billion barrels. All we have to do, in order to do that, is go out and take advantage of that and use these recoverable reserves.  With the CRS report that came out--the CRS is something that is recognized as an impartial, bipartisan or nonpartisan study group. They study these things. They said that, as of 1 year ago, the United States of America--now this is very important because the United States of America has the largest recoverable reserves in coal, gas, and oil of any of the nations. There they are right there. These are the reserves of coal--this is all three, isn't it? Fossil fuels. Yes, coal, gas, and oil. There it is. This is the United States of America.  If you add this up, we have more than Saudi Arabia, China, Canada, and Iraq combined. That is what we have. But the problem is, politically, they will not let us drill for it.  I know--and I regret to say this because I was just challenged, but it was true because I was there--21 years ago we had the Exxon Valdez. It was a disaster. It took place up in Prince William Sound. Most people here remember that now. It was an accident where you had a deficient ship that had leaked in that beautiful, pristine water up there.  I went up there. Quite frankly, there are a bunch of the far left who were celebrating that it happened. Why would they celebrate a disaster such as that? They celebrated because they said: We are going to parlay this into stopping oil production on ANWR or on the North Slopes of Alaska.  Well, that is kind of interesting that they are going to parlay that into that. I said: How do you figure that? Because Prince William Sound, the Exxon Valdez, that was a transportation accident. That hit something causing it to break.  Then, I said: If you do away with drilling in America, that means we are going to have to transport it in from foreign countries, and the likelihood of it happening again is far greater. Nonetheless, they said: We are going to use that.  I hate to say this also, but when we had our spill in the gulf not too long ago, a lot of people were saying: Aha, now we are going to stop all drilling, deepwater drilling in the Gulf.  We have tremendous reserves down there in the gulf. While the moratorium was lifted, the administration has only issued one deepwater drilling permit since that happened.  What I am saying is, we have all these reserves out there, and we can do it. I am talking about gas and oil and coal. It is not just the oil and gas, but we have another opportunity out there.  We have talked about oil. We have talked about gas. In oil, if we would just export our own resources, that is what we know is there, the reserves that we have in oil and in gas, it would run this country, in oil and gas, for 90 years. That is our own stuff. That is not from Saudi Arabia. It is not from the Middle East. It is not even from Mexico. That is our stuff.  The same is true with the coal reserves. There is the United States, 28 percent of all the coal reserves. Right now, 50 percent of the power generated in the United States is generated with coal-fired generation, and they are trying to do away with that. So that is a target.  But again, we have these tremendous reserves in the United States--let's not forget--so we can run this country for 100 years on just what we have, except the politicians will not let us go in and recover our own reserves.  Let's not forget about oil shale. Right now oil shale is something--yes, there are several pilot projects to prove the shale's commercial viability. The Green River Formation, located in Colorado, Wyoming, and Utah, contains the equivalent of 6 trillion barrels of oil. Let me say that again, 6 trillion barrels of oil. The Department of Energy estimates that of the 6 trillion, approximately 1.38 trillion barrels are potentially recoverable. That is the equivalent of more than five times the oil reserves in Saudi Arabia.  When I made this statement about having all these reserves, more than any other country, I was not counting shale because that is not quite here yet--almost but not quite. Another domestic energy source that could lessen our dependence is methane hydrates. I think everybody knows that. But I did not count that either.  So all these things that we could have counted are not there. But the point is this: We have enough reserves to take care of all the problems we have in this country for the years to come. I look at--some people will come in, and they are well-meaning people, they will say: Well, we have to go to green energy. I am for green energy.  But if you have something that is under development, and it might be 1 year, it might be 20 years or 30 years before it comes, you have to continue to run this machine called America in the meantime. What do we know works and what is available? It is oil, gas, and coal.  Just for a minute, I am going to deviate over there to what has happened in Japan. We just came from a hearing. I am very proud that not just our administration, the President and the Secretary of Energy, but also the Nuclear Regulatory Commission has said that should not affect what we are doing right now. We currently have 12 applications pending. Two of them are pending for almost immediate consideration for nuclear reactors, so that we will get into nuclear. Right now, we only develop about 20 percent of our energy from nuclear. France, for example, does 80 percent. So that is something that is out there.  I would say, in my opinion, as one Member of the Senate, in order to stop, not reduce but stop, our dependance upon the Middle East altogether, all we have to do is keep working on all of the above. I want wind, I want solar, and all that. But I also want those things that are developed and available today--coal, gas, and oil.  You may wonder what I am getting around to with these charts. It is the fact that we have a--everyone admits that the goal of this administration--I am looking for it right now--is to get prices so high, oil and gas so high that we will have to be dependent upon other things.  President Obama said, not long ago: Under this cap and trade--we are talking about it could either be legislative or it could be regulations--``electricity prices would necessarily skyrocket.'' Notice he said, ``necessarily skyrocket.'' His administrator, or the Secretary of Energy, to give you an idea of what is behind this, the high price of gas at the pumps, said--now this is Steven Chu, Secretary of Energy for the Obama administration. He said: ``Somehow we have to figure out a way to boost the price of gasoline to the levels in Europe.''  Let me repeat that. ``Somehow we have to figure out a way to boost the price of gasoline to the levels in Europe.''  What are the levels in Europe? The United Kingdom, $7.87 per gallon; Italy, $7.54; France, $7.50; Germany, $7.41. That is the motivation out there to do this. I think we have many others whom we could quote from the administration, but I do not want this to turn into something that gives the appearance that we are just criticizing the administration.  The fact is, we have to do something about developing our own resources. If we do that, we are going to be able to bring down the price--do two things. First of all, for our national security, quit worrying about depending upon the Middle East for our oil. We can stop that just by developing our own resources. Secondly, go right back to elementary supply and demand. If we can supply the oil and gas and coal, then we will lower the price and lower it dramatically.  Everybody knows that. That is why this vote that is coming up is so important. Because the vote is not just to try to keep us from having between a $300 and $400 billion tax increase on the American people that will not accomplish anything. Remember what I said the Administrator of the EPA said--not only that we would stop that kind of a tax increase but also that we can stop the rise of gas at the pump.  So if somebody votes against this amendment, all it does is say that the--which many Democrats, all Republicans and many Democrats agree--we are going to find out how many--the Congress should be the one to address these issues, not the Environmental Protection Agency. So that is what the amendment is all about. Anyone who is going to be voting against the amendment is saying we do not want to develop our own resources. That is one of the most serious problems we are dealing with right now.  We have other problems that have to do with the EPA right now with all the regulations. They have this minimum achievable technology on emissions, on other things such as boilers and other things that would end up increasing the cost to do business. Ultimately, it is the consumer who pays. I actually have a quote I cannot seem to find right now, since I am not using notes, that says we do have the technology to do all these things. Yet we are going to allow this to happen, even though it is not necessary. So we have a big vote coming up. That vote is: Do you think the EPA should regulate the emissions of CO2 in America or do you think Congress should do it?  If you think the EPA should do it, get ready for a tax increase, because I can assure you, the President is just waiting to sign something that will allow them to continue down the road of overregulating. There is a cost to regulation. I think we all know that. It is one that is huge.  If you look at the regulations we have, I have already mentioned the $300 to $400 billion and how that relates to everybody in my State of Oklahoma who files a tax return. The boiler regulation that is coming out right now--the same EPA--that would affect 800,000 jobs in America. The utility MACT--that is something the Director of the EPA just had a news conference on today. The minimum achievable reduction in utilities would cost about $100 billion. The ozone and the PM would be about $90 billion.  As I say, we would be talking about a pretty big jobs bill but only on this. I wish to make sure everyone understands. My very good friend, John Barrasso, a Senator from Wyoming, has a bill that is going to go a lot further than this. I am a strong supporterof his legislation. It will go into the--keeping the EPA from using CO2 to change the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Endangered Species Act. That is very good. That is not what this is.  I heard something this morning that I want to make sure to clarify because it is important because there are all kinds of things out there people are saying will happen if we pass this amendment.  They are saying that is going to somehow affect--in fact, they said I respectfully asked the members of the committee to keep in mind that EPA's implementation of the Clean Air Act saves millions of American adults and children from debilitating and expensive illnesses that occur when smokestacks and tailpipes release unrestricted amounts of pollution. Yes, I agree with that. But let's keep in mind, I was a strong supporter when the Clean Air Act came out and when the amendments came out.  It was designed for the six criteria pollutants at the heart of the Clean Air Act: lead, ozone, nitrogen oxide, sulphur dioxide, carbon monoxide, and particulate matter. These are real pollutants, not imaginary pollutants such as CO2. But that is what was targeted by the Clean Air Act.  Of course, it has nothing to do with anything else. So those things are still going to be restricted. We have had some people say--and I have heard this several times today--this amendment would block the administration's announced plan to follow up with the Clean Air Act standards for cars and light trucks. This is not at all true. That is all done by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. That is not within the jurisdiction of the EPA. That is NHTSA, they call it.  It has nothing do with mileage on cars, nothing do with the whole effort to increase mileage.  EPA is contributing practically nothing to the administration's global warming car deal--about 4 percent of the joint EPA-NHTSA program's emissions reductions. Dropping EPA would, therefore, have a meaningless effect on oil consumption. According to the EPA, its greenhouse gas car standards would mean that ``global mean temperature'' is reduced by ``0.006 to 0.0015 [Celsius] by 2100.''  That is not even measurable. Don't let anyone use the argument that this has anything to do with CAFE standards. It doesn't affect anything that is harmful for people to breathe.  The amendment will be coming up soon. We are going to find out who wants to keep us from developing our own resources. It should be a very interesting vote.  I yield the floor.  