President, first of all, let me say to my good friend from Virginia, I agree with everything he said up to the last 3 minutes, because we have something that needs to be talked about. I would only make reference to the letter that has been entered into the Record that, yes, did make that statement, that if the choice is to do nothing at all or to have the Rockefeller amendment, it is better to delay something bad for 2 years. But that is not the choice.  The choice is--and he has referred to it as the McConnell amendment; that happens to be the bill I introduced and is now offered as an amendment to the Small Business Act--and it is one that will actually resolve the problem.  I think it is necessary to set the record straight as to what the two alternatives are. I call them covers. This is kind of a term that is used inside these Halls when someone is wanting to vote against something that people at home want and they give them something else to vote for so we can offer cover--something that normally is meaningless--such as these two cover votes.  The cap-and-trade agenda--I think we all understand--is destroying jobs in America and certainly decreasing our domestic energy supply. As a consequence, the consumers are going to pay more for their gas, for their electric bills, in a tax on affordable energy. But it can be stopped. It can be stopped by the passage of the Energy Tax Prevention Act of 2011 or, as we are looking at it now, that same bill being encompassed as an amendment called amendment No. 183 to the Small Business Act.  Let me go back, if I could, kind of in history to make sure people understand where we are today and how we got here. Many years ago, back in the 1990s, they came forward--and this was during the Clinton-Gore administration--with the Kyoto treaty. They went to Kyoto, Japan, and said: We want to join with all the other countries and we want to reduce emissions from CO2. This was a treaty you would sign on to and most of the European countries did and many others did.  I might add now, many years later, none of them that signed on to it were able to accomplish any kind of reduction, meaningful reduction in emissions. But nonetheless, we had that.  I can remember standing at this podium and saying back then that we are not going to ratify any agreement thatis made at Kyoto that does not affect the developing countries the same as the developed countries. In other words, if it is not going to cover China, Mexico, and different countries in Africa, then we do not want to be the only ones this affects because it is going to be a very punitive situation. Secondly, we were not going to ratify any kind of a treaty that was an economic hardship on our country. We successfully stopped it.  Then, in 2003, they started introducing legislation that would do by legislation what the Kyoto treaty would have done, but it would only affect the United States of America. At that time, Republicans were the majority. I was the chairman of the committee that is called the Environment and Public Works Committee. We had the jurisdiction over this issue. So I almost unilaterally was able to stop this legislation from taking place. We had the same legislation that came up again in 2005, 2007, 2008, and 2009, and it has been before us for votes now in the Senate seven different times. Each time we defeated it. I might add, we defeated it by a larger margin each time we defeated it.  It is kind of interesting because I have had so many people say to me: Inhofe, what if you are wrong? What if CO2 is damaging to the environment? What if it causes some of these problems people say it does? Well, I have to say, the science has been mixed. The science has been cooked in many cases. The United Nations came up with the IPCC, which was the science that was used to base all these new programs on, and it has been pretty much scandalized in the climategate situation. But, nonetheless, that is something we do not need to talk about. The point is, we were able to stop any legislation.  Why did we want to stop legislation that puts restrictions on CO2? Well, one reason is--and it came up very clearly, and I always give my appreciation to Lisa Jackson. Lisa Jackson is the Obama-appointed Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. I asked her the question some time ago in a public hearing, live on TV. I asked: If we were to pass any of these pieces of legislation--at that time I think it was the Waxman-Markey bill--would this have any meaningful reduction in terms of CO2 emissions in the world? The answer was, no, it would not because this would only apply to the United States of America. If we do it here, we will take all the financial hardship of doing it; however, as we lose our manufacturing base, they will go to other countries where there are less emission requirements. China is a good example. China's doors are open now to try to say: Come, we are cranking out three to four coal-fired generating plants in China every week. So, manufacturers, come here. We have the energy you need. So they were then able to do it.  When the Obama administration came in, with a strong majority in both the House and the Senate, they said: All right, we will tell you what. Since you are not going to pass cap and trade, then we will do it through regulations.  What would cap and trade do to America? Granted, by everyone's admission, it would not reduce emissions at all worldwide. So what would it cost? Well, the cost was put together back during the Kyoto treaty by the Wharton School at that time. Since then, MIT, CRA, many others have come in. The range is always between $300 and $400 billion a year.  I am not as smart as a lot of guys around here, so when I hear about billions and trillions, I say: How does that affect people in my State of Oklahoma? So I have the math that I do. I say to the Presiding Officer, I take the total number of people and families in my State of Oklahoma who file a tax return, and then when they come up with something that is going to cost our Nation $300 to $400 billion, I do the math. What that would amount to for my average family in Oklahoma who files a tax return is $3,100 a year, and they do not get anything for it.  Anyway, the President came in with the new majority, and he said: Well, if you are not going to pass this, we are going to go ahead and do it by regulation. We will have the Environmental Protection Agency do it by regulation.  To do that, they had to have what is called an endangerment finding; that is, a finding that CO2 is an endangerment to health. The courts never said we have to regulate CO2. They said: If you want to, you can. That was the choice of this administration and of the Environmental Protection Agency.  So I asked the question again at one of the hearings--this is of the same Administrator Jackson; this was a year ago December--I said: I have a feeling you are going to come up with an endangerment finding so you have justification for regulating CO2 the same as if we were passing legislation to do it. Her response was kind of a smile. I said: To have an endangerment finding, you have to base that on science. What science are you going to base it on? She said: Well, primarily, the IPCC. That is the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. That is the United Nations. They are the ones that started all this fun stuff.  With that, it was not more than 2 weeks later that the scandal broke with the recovery of some of the e-mails that were sent out by the IPCC that they had, in fact, cooked the science. Nonetheless, there are lawsuits that are pending right now and all that to try to stop the EPA from regulating CO2.  They are doing other regulatory things right now. They are trying to do regional haze regulation. They are trying to do regulation on ozone, changing the standards, trying to do what they call boiler MACT, utility MACT, other regulations. But, nonetheless, this one we are talking about today is the regulation of greenhouse gases.  This is what is happening right now. To keep them from doing it, I introduced a piece of legislation called the Energy Tax Prevention Act of 2011. My good friend over in the House of Representatives, Fred Upton, has been a friend of mine for many years. He is the chairman of the appropriate committee over there; the same as I am the ranking member of the appropriate committee here. So we introduced together the Upton-Inhofe legislation or, if you are over on this side, I call it the Inhofe-Upton legislation. That would take away the jurisdiction of the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate greenhouse gases. If we take away the jurisdiction, they cannot do it. That is the ultimate solution. That is the moment of truth, as we are going to read in tomorrow morning's Wall Street Journal. So they are taking that up. They will pass it over there. But on a partisan basis over here, they will try to kill it.  So what we have done is, Leader Mitch McConnell and I have offered an amendment that encompasses my bill, the Energy Tax Prevention Act I just referred to, as an amendment on the Small Business Act. That is scheduled for a vote tomorrow morning. I hope it does happen.  The reason I am talking today--I have already covered this several times, and I am sure people are tired of hearing it--but they have cover votes that are coming up, and we know this is going to happen. But why is it this administration wants to do something that is going to drive the energy costs of America upward?  This administration has said over and over again they do not want gas, they do not want oil, they do not want coal. And we cannot run this machine called America without oil, gas, and coal.  There is a motivation here; that is, it has come from this administration that they want to replace fossil fuels--oil, gas, and coal--with what they call green energy. Someday that might happen. It will be long after I am gone, I am sure. But they might have the technology to run this country on what they call renewable energy. Right now, we are going to use as much as we can. We are for wind power, we are for Sun power, solar power, all the other options. But, nonetheless, we still have to have fossil fuels to run the country.  Steven Chu, Secretary of Energy for the Obama administration, said:       Somehow we have to figure out how to boost the price of      gasoline to the levels in Europe.  That is $8 a gallon. This is the administration saying we want to increase the price of gasoline to be equal to what it is in Western Europe. So this is something that has been a policy of this administration for a long time. In fact, President Obama himself said that under the cap-and-trade plan--this is what they are trying to donow--``electricity prices would necessarily skyrocket.''  The President had it right. The point of cap-and-trade regulation is to make us pay more for energy bills, and the Obama administration and EPA are here to make that happen. In a recent editorial, the Wall Street Journal calls the Energy Tax Prevention Act, my bill, ``one of the best proposals for growth and job creation to make it onto the Senate docket in years.''  Why is that? It is because the EPA's regulations will raise energy prices and strangle economic growth. As the National Association of Manufacturers stated:       At a time when our economy is attempting to recover from      the most severe recession since the 1930s, [EPA] regulations      . . . will establish disincentives for the long-term      investments necessary to grow jobs and expedite economic      recovery.  That is the National Association of Manufacturers. The families, the workers, and the consumers are all going to feel the pain.  In a study that Charles River Associates International did, they estimate that EPA's cap-and-trade regulations could increase wholesale electricity costs by 35 to 45 percent. What we are talking about is--everyone understands--if they are able to do these regulations, the EPA doing what the legislature refused to do; that is, regulate the emissions of fossil fuels, it will increase electricity prices about 40 percent.  What do we get in return? I think we have already mentioned we do not get anything for this because it would drive our jobs elsewhere, and it would only affect the United States of America.  The claims that the Energy Tax Prevention Act--that is the amendment we will be voting on tomorrow--would undermine health protections or fuel economy standards are disingenuous on their face. The amendment does not touch EPA's authority to regulate criteria or hazardous air pollutants. What is more, both emissions of CO2 and real pollution have been in steady decline. Yet instances of asthma have been on the increase. So as the emissions decline, the instances have actually increased. Carbon dioxide emissions do not cause asthma, either directly or indirectly, and they do not harm public health.  The Energy Tax Prevention Act is not about asthma and public health, but it is about protecting jobs.  By the way, there is a very well respected scientist by the name of Richard Lindzen from MIT, and he wrote a letter to me which I received a couple of days ago--well, it was actually a little bit longer than that.       As to the impact of increasing CO2 on general      welfare, there is widespread agreement that modest warming      should improve welfare for the U.S. Under the circumstances,      we are in the bizarre situation of declaring something to be      a pollutant when the evidence suggests that it is beneficial.  In other words--I hesitate saying this. I am the first one to admit I am not a scientist, but certainly Professor Lindzen is. He says, Here we are talking about reducing something that is not a problem certainly to health.  Then the other thing having to do with the Highway--this was mentioned by the Senator from Virginia a few moments ago--that somehow this is going to impair our standards of lowering gas consumption. The amendment doesn't prohibit the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration from setting fuel economy standards. It stops the EPA from regulating carbon dioxide from tailpipes after 2016. So the regulation would have no effect on that whatsoever. That is not done by the EPA; that is done by the National Highway Safety Administration, called NHTSA.  The vote comes down to a simple choice: Are you for jobs and affordable energy or President Obama's strategy of energy taxes and bureaucratic regulations? Of course, when you look at the things that are coming along--I mentioned when I started talking that there is something called ``cover,'' that if there is something out there that the people at home are clamoring for, that they want--in this case they want this amendment that will stop the EPA from regulating greenhouse gases--then if they can vote for something else that does nothing, they can say, Well, I voted for this. It is called cover.  The Rockefeller vote would be nothing, except kicking the can down the road for 2 years, and in the meantime the regulation goes on.  Under the Baucus amendment, this is something that is called the tailoring rule. It is a little more complicated because when you talk about the emissions that we are concerned with that the EPA would be regulating, they would be on any emissions that would affect all the farmers, the schoolhouses, and everybody else. Well, the Baucus amendment would exempt some of these smaller ones. However, if you listen to the Farm Bureau, which has been very helpful in this all along--I think I have their quotes here. Yes. Listen to this, the American Farm Bureau, a recent quote, just this year:       Farmers and ranchers would still incur the higher costs of      compliance passed down from utilities, refiners and      fertilizer manufacturers that are directly regulated as of      January 2, 2011.  So if the Baucus amendment passes, it is going to still be regulated--the refiners, the manufacturers--and that is going to be passed down and it is going to increase the cost of power and energy and that is why the Farm Bureau is so emphatic. In fact, I just left the Farm Bureau a couple of minutes ago before I came here, talking about this very subject.  The manufacturers feel the same way. The Industrial Energy Consumers of America wrote the Baucus approach:       does not solve the underlying problem that regulating      [greenhouse gases] under the Clean Air Act is very costly for      manufacturing, will impact global competitiveness and      encourage capital investment outside the United States.  Why would that be? Because if China ends up with all the jobs, then they are the ones who would be getting the investment.  The only way to stop the higher costs of compliance, which the Farm Bureau fears, is to pass the Energy Tax Prevention Act which is now Senate amendment No. 183.  The contrast couldn't be starker. I was told that tomorrow morning we may see the moment of truth going on--and I think it is going to be in the Wall Street Journal--that people are going to realize there is only one way to stop this massive tax and regulation increase that will come. It won't be by the Rockefeller amendment and it won't be by the Baucus amendment. It will be by the Inhofe-McConnell amendment that hopefully will be voted on tomorrow and that will take out from the jurisdiction of the EPA the ability to regulate greenhouse gases. That is what we are hoping will happen, and I think when people realize it, they are not going to be fooled by some of these what I refer to as cover votes.  With that, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  