While it is a little bit complicated, I will go back and put this in perspective.  Back in the 1990s, we were asked by the then-Clinton administration to ratify a treaty called the Kyoto treaty. This was a treaty that was aimed at the reduction of greenhouse gases--anthropogenic gases and this type of thing. Well, it didn't pass. It went down 95 to 0 because of two reasons: We all declared in this body we weren't going to ratify any treaty that, No. 1, was damaging economically to the country; and, No. 2, we would treat developing countries differently than developed nations. Of course this missed on both those criteria.  After that happened, it became popular by some of the more radical environmentalist groups who enjoy the overregulation we have so much of in this country to seek the introduction of different bills. We had the McCain-Lieberman bill of 2003 and again in 2005. We had the Warner-Lieberman bill and several others--the Sanders-Boxer bill--and then, I guess, the last one was a House bill called the Waxman-Markey bill.  Anyway, these bills were all aimed at what we can do in this country in order to restrict our use of CO2. Obviously--and there is no disagreement on this--if we in the United States unilaterally reduce our CO2, it will not affect the CO2 emissions worldwide because this isn't where the problem lies.  Even when I asked Lisa Jackson, the Obama-appointed Administrator at the EPA, for whom I have a great deal of respect, if we were to pass any of these bills I just mentioned--that would have the effect of the Kyoto treaty but only on the United States in reducing anthropogenic gases--would this have the effect of reducing CO2 emissions, she said, no, because, as I pointed out, this would only affect the United States.  I would take the argument one step further and say it would have the effect of increasing, not decreasing, emissions because, as our manufacturing base has to find power to generate itself, they have to go where that is. Anyway, I only wanted to bring that up because that effort is still going on today.  With all these bills that have been before us--and at the time of most of them the Republicans were in the majority and I was the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee which had jurisdiction over this subject--I was the one who stood on the floor of the Senate to defeat these bills, and it became easier as each bill came along because people recognized that while the science is in question, the economics are not.  It had been determined by a number of sources--including a branch of the Wharton School of Economics, MIT, and CRA, or Charles River Associates--that the range of the cost of a cap-and-trade bill is always in the range of between $300 billion and $400 billion a year.  It is confusing when we talk about these large numbers. Peoples' eyes glaze over. 