President, there are a number of amendments I think will probably not come up, but they should. We talked about this some time ago.  The Federal Aviation Administration has come up with a change for their SUB-S nonscheduled carriers that is going to make them comply with certain of the wage and hour--the crew rest requirements. Here is the problem we have. About 95 percent of the passengers who go into--this is our troops--Afghanistan today are carried by nonscheduled airlines as opposed to military and about 40 percent of the cargo that is going in.  Now, the problem we have is, with the 15-hour restriction on crew rest, they are unable to bring them in, leave them there, and then go back to their point of origin--someplace in Germany--without exceeding that 15-hour limitation. The only choice they would have is to leave them in Afghanistan, which they cannot do because that is a war zone.  So I want to have a way of working this out. We want to pursue this because the carriers understand what the problem is. These are the nonscheduled carriers. So it is something I think is very significant, and we need to be addressing it.  Another issue is, JIEDDO is the group that is the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization. They have done great work in their technology in stopping the various technologies over there, the IEDs that have been killing and causing damage to our troops and to our allies. The problem we have is it is set up just for Iraq and Afghanistan. When everything is through in Iraq and Afghanistan, that might put them in a position where they would cease to exist, and yet the technology and what they are doing right now is useful in the United States even though it is not designed by the legislation to do that. I believe this is something that can be corrected.  Another area that needs to be addressed--and I have some ideas, and this is one I would like to get in the queue; it is not pending at this time, so there is a little bit of a problem there, but it might be something that could be addressed in conference--is the military bases should be able to benefit from the production of domestic energy and resources on those bases.  In the case of the McAlester depot, they could horizontally drill and come out with some pretty good royalties that would otherwise go to the general fund or go to the State of Oklahoma. It is kind of divided in that way. Well, the problem is there is a cost that is incurred by the military operation. We need to have something that is going to allow them to receive the benefits of the production that takes place under the military installations through horizontal drilling.  I think everyone is for doing this. But the problem is, it could be scored in that if we took all of the existing production, then that would be money that would not otherwise go to our general fund. So what I would propose is to have this in the form of an amendment, and then change it to say: Any operation from this point forward--that money, those royalties, could go back to the military base because what we all agree on is we do not want our bases to have to foot the bill for these things that are taking place.  I have an amendment, No. 1101, that would stop the transfer of the MC-12W ISR aircraft from the Air Force to the Army. I think it is something that is pretty significant. We are talking about intelligence and reconnaissance. The MC-12W is a King Air or a C-12. Right now it is under the jurisdiction of the Air Force, and this bill would change it from the Air Force to the Army. Well, neither the Air Force nor the Army wants to make that change, and there ought to be a way to support that.  There are several other amendments that will be coming forward that will be offered. One I feel very strongly about has to do with the sale of the F-16C/D models to Taiwan.  Then, lastly--and I feel very strongly about this--back in 2007, we changed the commands to create AFRICOM. AFRICOM, prior to this time, was part of three commands: Central Command, Pacific Command, and European Command. Well, it is so significant in terms of national security, in terms of our economy and the activity that is going on there right now.  For example, ever since 9/11, we have been working with the Africans to help develop in Africa our programs--our 1206 programs, our train-and-equip programs. More recently, we have been involved in the LRA issue in poor countries in Africa.  Well, there is an effort now--almost any Member I guess would feel the same way--to take that command that is now in Stuttgart, Germany, and put it in Texas or Florida or someplace in the United States. I think that would be something that would inure to the benefit maybe of a Member, a Senator, but, on the other hand, it creates certain problems.  When the African Command came into effect--and I think that is one of the few issues that I, probably, am more familiar with than most other Members--the obvious place would have been to have that command located in Africa itself. My choice at that time was Ethiopia. I think there is a lot of jurisdiction for that. But they said because of the political problem--if we go back historically in Africa, and we look at the colonialism, there is this thing embedded back in the minds of people in Africa, thinking that having a command, a U.S. command located in Africa, it might revert back to some of the colonial days. That is the concern people had.  So, anyway, I thought it would have been better to have it in Africa itself. But because of this--and, by the way, I have talked to many of the Presidents of countries over there--President Kikwete in Tanzania and President Kagame in Rwanda and President Kabila in the Congo, and several of the others--and they say: Yes, you are right. It would be better to have that command located somewhere in Africa, but we have the political problem with the people who would think that is a move back toward colonialism. So it is a complicated problem.  However, I do believe all of the generals pretty much believe that AFRICOM should remain where it is. At least Stuttgart is in the same time zone. It is easier to transport people and equipment back and forth. So I would support defeating any of the amendments that would change that situation.  With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  