Apparently, the Energy Committee had a hearing on the 90-day shale gas report. I think this is very significant. I am sure she will come down and talk about it in detail. I didn't even know about it until noon today when she gave her report and I happened to be there, but it is something that is very significant.  In this country we talk about energy and the fact that we have enough energy we can produce domestically in the United States of America to run this country for 100 years in terms of gas, with present consumption, and 50 years as far as oil is concerned, and we are dependent upon oil, gas, and coal to run this country, and those are something--a lot of people are saying we have to do away with fossil fuels. Every time I hear people say that, it is kind of laughable, when they say we have to do something about our dependence on foreign oil by doing away with our own production in this country.  Our problem is not that we do not have the amount of coal, oil, and gas that we need to be totally independent from anybody. We do. But, politically, we have obstacles. There is not one other country in the world where the politicians will not let that country develop its own resources except for the United States of America.  It is kind of interesting. It was not too long ago when President Obama, who is very much in line with some of the far-left environmentalists who want to do away with fossil fuels, was realizing people were catching on, and people knew that with all the shale deposits that are out there--and every week that goes by, we find another great big opportunity for shale; this is both oil and gas--and the President said gas is plentiful, and we need to use more gas, and all that. But at the end of his speech, he said: We have to do something about that procedure called hydraulic fracturing.  Anyone who understands energy knows that to get at all of these deposits--these shale deposits of gas or oil--you have to use a procedure called hydraulic fracturing. It happens we know something about it in my State of Oklahoma because in 1948 the first well was cracked, and we have not had one documented case in 60 years of ground water contamination as a result of hydraulic fracturing. So it is something that does work.  But those individuals who want to make people think they are wanting usto develop our own resources then turn around and say we are going to stop or have the Federal Government regulate hydraulic fracturing. It is totally inconsistent, and I think it is a direct effort to misinform the people.  So in this meeting today, Senator Murkowski did a handout, and I am going to read a couple of the quotes from some of the people who had previously testified before the committee. Keep in mind, this is after a 90-day shale gas report. They talked about hydraulic fracturing and all of that.  One quote is from Dr. Daniel Yergin, who is chairman of IHS Cambridge Energy Research Associates, and he is a bestselling author. He said:       There's a gap in perception--this idea that oil and gas is      not regulated. We were all impressed by the quality and the      focus, the long experience of the states in regulating oil      and gas. . . . There's a strong backbone to it and that is      not as well recognized in some circles. So I think there is a      very strong fabric here.  Here is a quote. This is from Kathleen McGinty. I remember her from when she was an aide to Al Gore. She was chair of the Council on Environmental Quality during the Clinton administration. She said:       We didn't come up with any conclusion--  This is the 90-day shale report--     that the deck chairs need to be shuffled around. . . . There      was nothing in the testimony that we heard or in the      substance that we focused on or in the ``what'' needed to be      done that led to a glaring conclusion that there was an actor      missing from the scene.  Well, this is someone who comes from, completely, the other side. So I think it is very important. The more times you look at this thing, the more there is an awareness of the people--that is heightened almost on a daily basis--that we have all this opportunity, and we are not doing it just because of the political obstacles.  Dr. Stephen Holditch is the petroleum engineering department head, Samuel Roberts Noble chair, and professor of petroleum engineering at Texas A&M University. He said:       Local control, local understanding of best practices is      really the best way to go. . . . There's nothing broken with      the system now.  My State of Oklahoma is an oil State. A lot of our stuff is pretty shallow. On the other hand, in the Anadarko Basin, we have some of the more deep things. But if you look, for 60 years the States have regulated hydraulic fracturing, and it has worked very well. It is not one of these one-size-fits-all because in some States--when you get in New York and Pennsylvania, now, and the Marcellus Shale, the stuff is pretty deep, but it is abundant. Well, the regulation there would be different than it would be in my State of Oklahoma or in Louisiana or in New Mexico or any of the other oil States.  I was really glad to see this come out, and I am glad Senator Murkowski is now letting people become aware of it because we have enough oil, gas, and coal to be totally independent, if we can just get the obstacles out of the way. One of the techniques used in being able to recover this, of course, is hydraulic fracturing. So that is why a lot of the people who are trying to shut down fossil fuels are trying to shut down that process.  I had an experience--I wish I could remember the name of the company, but it was in Broken Arrow, OK--during the recess, where I was calling on different people, and there was a young man who started a company. He had been with a larger one. He is making platforms for hydraulic fracturing. Now, a platform is about one-fourth of the size of this Chamber I am speaking in right now. It is a very large thing. On the platform, so they can hydraulically fracture these wells, they have a very large diesel engine. A regulation came through--I was not even aware of this until I sat down with him; this is less than 1 month ago--he said the regulation was that you can no longer build platforms and use them for hydraulic fracturing unless you have a tier 4 engine.  Well, we went to check, and he was right. There is no tier 4 engine. It is on the drawing boards, but it is not available commercially now. So that is just another way through regulation they are trying to do away with hydraulic fracturing.  So we have to be on our toes, and we have to have a wake-up call for the American people. If we want to have good, clean, abundant, cheap energy, we have it right here in the United States of America, and we need to knock down the political obstacles and develop our own resources like everybody else does.  With that, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  