President, the EDA is something that has worked very well in our State of Oklahoma. First, let me say the Senator from California is right--there are many issues on which we do not agree. In fact, we have fought tooth and nail for a long time against the cap-and-trade and a lot of these environmental issues and will continue to do so. However, what we agree most on is not necessarily the EDA program but the need for reauthorization of transportation.  We have a very serious problem. In my State of Oklahoma, just a short while ago a young lady, the mother of two small children, was driving under a bridge, and it crumbled and fell and killed her. There are things like that, crises that are going on right now.  We were very proud when we had what we thought at the time was a very robust highway reauthorization bill, a transportation reauthorization bill in 2005. While the amount sounded like quite a bit, it was really just barely enough to maintain what we had. There are some things government is supposed to be doing. I am always ranked as one of the most conservative Members, but I am a big spender in areas such as national defense and infrastructure. Those are needs we have.  In putting together this bill and taking it out of committee--and it did come out of committee unanimously--there had been a GAO report that talked about duplication. I put in language in order to have them identify anything that would be duplicative so that would come out. That was a little bit of a surprise to a lot of us. I don't question the report. I think it was probably accurate. But we took care of that because we don't want to have any duplication of efforts.  The chairman said there is a 7-to-1 ratio. We have actually done better than that in the State of Oklahoma. In one area, it was a $2.25 million EDA grant, in Elgin, OK, which is adjacent to Fort Sill, OK, which is adjacent to a live range. It was one that was intended to actually produce a 150,000-square-foot manufacturing business employing many people. Because this administration axed some of the military programs, it did not turn out to be that beneficial, but the ratio there was still well in excess of 10 to 1.  If we want to get the economy moving, this is a way of doing it. We have to do it in a way that is well thought out. I am hoping this bill will be. It is my understanding it will be open to amendments, and there will be a lot of amendments and a lot of my friends who are not supportive of this want to have this vehicle for that purpose. I certainly respect that and look forward to working on this bill.  I yield the floor.  