President, I know I have a couple more. I would like to cover one last topic because something is about to happen in the next week. Some people are going to be killed. It has nothing to do with Israel; nothing to do with the subject here. It is very serious.  You might recall six different times on the floor of the Senate I have talked about the problems that are taking place in a country in West Africa called Cote d'Ivoire. The fact is we had a President--his name is Laurent Gbagbo--with his wife Simone. They were ruling when an election came along. It was stolen from him by a man named Alassane Ouattara. He is in the northern part of Cote d'Ivoire.  What I have tried to show--I explained well before this all happened, before we got involved, that France and the United Nations and now our State Department are joining in with them. This picture was in yesterday's paper. This is one of Ouattara's death squads that are killing people in Abidjan, which is the capital.  I show this picture. It is one that shows this is still happening today. Reprisal attacks are still being committed by forces loyal to Alassane Ouattara of Ivory Coast 6 weeks after he came to power vowing peace and reconciliation.  It also said that Alassane Quattara, championed by the French and the United Nations during a deadly post-election conflict, has failed to condemn atrocities against real or perceived supporters of ousted President Laurent Gbagbo.  Those are the death squads of Ouattara. This is a picture of them. You can identify them. They are in there killing people. We don't know how many tens of thousands of people have been murdered in cold blood. Amnesty International came out the other day and criticized the U.N. mission for ignoring pleas for help and failing to prevent the massacre in the town of Duekoue. That is the town of Duekoue. See the charred bodies. People are saying they actually had hogs eating the bodies. This is what Ouattara did in a little town called Duekoue.  I have another picture of what is happening. It is really criminal. These are all of Ouattara's people. These are the ones our State Department supported, and it is serious. Amnesty reports that a manhunt was launched against Gbagbo loyalists in Abidjan, and several senior officials close to him were beaten in the hours after his arrest.  This is a picture of the Secretary of the Interior. We had a hearing the other day, and our State Department tried to say Ouattara is hiring a lot of the people from the Cabinet of Laurent Gbagbo. There is the Secretary of the Interior. They shot him in the face so it would take a long time to painfully die. He died.  Here is another member of the Cabinet being executed. This is what is going on. Nobody cares. Anyway, I care.  What we are looking at right now is the Ouattaras publicly.  There is a way out of this right now. What has happened is Ouattara is trying to figure out a way to kill the President and the First Lady. I will wind up by letting you know and seeing firsthand what we are talking about.  President Gbagbo is someone I have known quite well. He is a jovial guy. This is a picture as I remember him. I spent a lot of time with him. This is right after his arrest. He was beaten almost to death. We see what has happened to his face.  His wife is a beautiful lady, Simone Gbagbo. I have been with her many times. She is a beautiful lady. She is the First Lady. I first knew her 15 years ago when she was a member of Parliament before they were married. There she is. You will not find a more beautiful lady than that. There she is, after they ravaged their home--Ouattara and the United Nations in agreement with our State Department. This is what she looked like the next day. They went in and grabbed her by the hair and pulled her hair out. You can see other things happened to her.  I hesitate to put up the last photo, but this one you have to put your imagination to work. It takes a lot of imagination to see what is happening. There she is, the beautiful First Lady. You can imagine what happened with all of Ouattara's people around here.  What is the answer? All we have to do is encourage the State Department to take a different stand and say: Let's take the Gbagbos--the President and the First Lady--and allow them to have asylum. I already located a country in Sub-Saharan Africa willing to host them. That is all that needs to happen.  By the time we get back 9 days from now after this recess, both of them will be dead if we do not do something. As we speak right now, they are being tortured.  There we have it. We have an opportunity to do something. We can save not only these people but save those around them who have always loved peace in Cote d'Ivoire.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Begich). The Senator from Illinois.  