President, I didn't get a chance to elaborate on the subject that was covered by the Senator from Texas, Mr. Cornyn. I think it is very important when we are faced with the shutdown of the government. I happened to be here in 1995, and I remember, frankly, it wasn't as bad as everybody said it was going to be. This is something that is totally avoidable now. We have an opportunity to do a 7-day extension that would take care of the military's needs, and I think it is important to do so.  I wish to also mention the vote that took place yesterday--the last vote; we had four--having to do with the overregulation, I will call it, of the Environmental Protection Agency. The first three amendments before they came to mine were offered by Democrats for whom I have a great deal of respect. In each amendment, they made it clear that the author--all Democrats--thought it was not the place for the Environmental Protection Agency to do what Congress is supposed to be doing in terms of regulation of greenhouse gases.  The votes were overwhelming in terms of the fact that they didn't have Democrats supporting them because they were temporary fixes. The only real vote that took place was on mine.  I introduced legislation several weeks ago, in concert with my colleague over in the House of Representatives, Fred Upton, to take out from the Environmental Protection Agency the jurisdiction of regulating greenhouse gases. We all know how it happened. We know that since 2003, Members of this Senate have introduced legislation to call for cap and trade under the assumption that catastrophic global warming is taking place from anthropogenic gases, and we have been able to defeat all of those.  So while there has been a real effort by this administration to regulate greenhouse gases and do it by legislation, when they finally realized that wasn't going to happen, that they were not going to be able to garner sufficient votes to pass a bill that would allow for a cap-and-trade system--by the way, the cap-and-trade system would have amounted to between $300 billion and $400 billion a year as a tax increase, which would have been the largest one in the history of this country.  When President Obama decided--in the wisdom of both the House and Senate--we were not going to pass anything that would be a cap-and-trade bill, he said: That is fine, we will do it through regulation.  That is how this whole thing started. So the effort was for the EPA to come up with an endangerment finding which would say that greenhouse gases--anthropogenic gases, methane--were dangerous to health. Well, this has to be based on science.  I remember asking the Director of the EPA, Lisa Jackson, whom I respect--I said: If you are going to have an endangerment finding, it has to be based on science. What would that be? Well, it was the IPCC, which, for the edification of anybody who is not aware, is the United Nations. They are the ones who started this whole thing, and they are the ones who would be in a position to try to force the regulation.  Anyway, the time has gone by now, and since that time, we have almost unanimity in this body and in the other body, also, that we don't think the EPA has the ability or the authority to regulate greenhouse gases and to do administratively what we refuse to do through our own bills we pass.  That is where we are today. One of the things I am thankful for is that my amendment got 50 votes. It was 50-50, pretty much down party lines. But the people who are voting against my amendment are saying: We want to have the EPA have this authority--the authority of overregulation of not just the oil and gas industry but all other industries also. The primary target for them would be fossil fuels.  The fact that we have oil, gas, and coal--by the way, there is a fairly recent finding by the Congressional Research Service that we have the largest reserves in the United States--recoverable reserves--of oil, gas, and coal of any country in the world. This is not something you hear on the other side.  We have heard President Obama say several times that we only produce 3 percent of the oil and yet we use 25 percent or whatever it is. Those are proven reserves. The difference is that a proven reserve means you have to drill and prove it is there. But the government won't let us drill. I am talking about the east coast, the west coast, the gulf, the northern slope--83 percent of our public lands are off limits. If we were to open that up, we could be completely independent of the Middle East for our ability to run this machine called America. That is why this issue is very important.  I have already served notice, but I will do it again to make sure it is clear. While we needed 60 votes, we only had 50 votes. I am going to put that amendment on as many bills as come up so we have an opportunity for people to know the seriousness of this problem.  I suggest to you--and I will not name names--that if people, prior to this vote, would have called different individuals, the staff would have responded: Well, we don't know how our Senator will vote, but he will certainly take your comments into consideration.  Now we know because we have the votes in so that we can say which ones did vote for it, and anybody who didn't vote for my amendment is saying they believe the EPA should have that total control that we refuse to give it through legislation.  Anyway, it is not over yet. In fact, I think that was a major milestone, a victory. We now know who is for it and who is against it. I know there will be another 10 Members who will see the light and realize that we still--it is fine, I am for all of the above, for the renewables--wind, sun, thermal--as well as the fossil fuels. We need all of the above to become totally independent and be able to run this machine called America. That is what is coming up. I am happy we have taken the next step, and I look forward to making another step after that.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  