President, let me thank the chairman of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to have this colloquy because something has happened that shouldn't have happened. It happened over on the House side, and we had no control over it.  While I support and will vote for the fiscal year 2012 Defense authorization bill, this is the third year in a row we have bypassed the formal conference process. I am pleased we finished the bill, but this broken process allows for abuse, and we have certainly had some abuse that I will allude to here. If the proper procedure had been followed, some of these problems would not have happened.  On December 3, the House Armed Services Committee staff inserted new language into the conference that would impact how DOD maintains its ships, maintains its aircraft, maintains its ground vehicles--private and public--impacting thousands of jobs in a number of States. That was December 3. It wasn't until the morning of December 7 that I, along with several other Senators, were shown the new language. That was just 6\1/2\ hours before we were to have our first conference. We were going to be asked to support the new language without a full vetting from the concerned Members' offices or from the depots and shipyards, arsenals, the Shipbuilders Council of America, the Virginia Ship Repair Association, and all of the rest of these stakeholders and those who were concerned. That was November 7.  Then on November 9, 2 days later, I, along with Senators Chambliss, Sessions, Ayotte, Collins, Hagan, and Shaheen sent a letter to Chairman Levin and Chairman McKeon from the House and ranking members McCain and Smith opposing the new House Armed Services Committee language and asked that it not be included in the conference.  That was on December 9. We assumed they dropped the language, but they didn't. The new language was put in the bill at the insistence of staff, apparently, from all we can determine. Several Members of the Senate complained that the new language was not in either the House or the Senate bill, so it should not have been able to be dropped in.  They took the position that this was just a clarification of language that was already in, when in fact that wasn't the case because the new language was a complete and comprehensive rewrite of depot language contained in the original House bill. Stakeholders were not included in drafting the language. Senators were not included. Nobody knew.  The problem we had at that point--that was done on December 9. We were all committed to passing out the bill at that time, and many of the House Members had already signed the conference report. Then there was a rollcall vote, so they all disappeared. So our choice was to go back and open up everything again and nobody wanted to do that.  So we had language contained in the Senate bill, but it was dropped out in conference. That language specifically called for DOD to provide their inputs by March 1, 2012, on a recent study on the capability and efficiency of the depots before--and I emphasize this--before any change in legislation because the study alone does not provide Congress with a comprehensive view. This is what we requested.  I thank Senators Levin and McCain for their support of this colloquy. I wish we had time to take care of this in conference, but I hope that by doing this we can slow down the implementation of the new language contained in the bill until the Senate has had time to fully vet these changes.  I certainly don't blame Chairman McKeon. His staff told him--because he stated this in the meeting--his staff told him the new language was fully vetted, but it was not, and we were not contacted. So the process is wrong. I have to say this is the first time in my 8 years in the House on the House Armed Services Committee and my 17 years in the Senate that I have seen anything such as this happen. I hope we can delay implementing these changes until we in the Senate can be heard. That is what this colloquy is all about.  