President, I thank the Senator from Texas for the time. This is a critical subject she is dealing with right now, but the thing in common is the problem we are having right now with regulation. I think we are going to be talking about that this afternoon.  I only wanted to get one thing in, and that is about something the Chair is fully aware of because he was there all morning. Something very significant happened this morning. In our Environment and Public Works Committee we passed out a highway reauthorization bill. We have not done this since 2005, and this morning we did. This is one where we sat down--one of the few times that Democrats, Republicans, liberals, conservatives, can get in a room and hammer out their differences and get things done. I wish the committee would be successful in doing that as we were this morning in getting a highway bill. So we are going to have a highway bill at the current spending level which, if my colleagues remember back in 2005, it was $286.4 billion, and that was for a 5-year bill. That spending level right now would be, to sustain that, somewhere between $40 billion and $42 billion a year for 2 years. This is a 2-year bill, and the 2-year bill cannot pass until we locate an additional $12 billion to make this happen. I think a lot of us don't want to take what would constitute a 34-percent cut in funding for our roads and highways and bridges throughout America and be able to sustain that. This is a life-and-death type of issue.  I wanted to say how proud I am of the staff and of every Democrat and every Republican on the Environment and Public Works Committee who made this happen this morning. So while we have much more we are concerned about, I think it shouldn't go unnoticed at this time that we have now started that ball rolling and that is good news.  One last thing I wish to say about overregulation. When we talk about the jobs bill--and we always are talking about revenue and jobs and all of this--we seem to forget that the overregulation is costing us a lot. I can remember fighting the cap-and-trade bills ever since back during the Kyoto convention, and impressing upon people that the bills being offered would cost between $300 billion and $400 billion a year. That is every year, not just the first year. Right now, since they have not been able to pass that here, they are trying to do that with regulations through the Environmental Protection Agency. Congressman Fred Upton over in the House and I had legislation that would take away the jurisdiction of the EPA to get this done. I think this is going to be offered as an amendment this afternoon. I think it is very critical that we pass that.  I thank the Senator from Texas for giving me this time.  I yield the floor.  