 Shortly after the tragedy, the offices of Senators McCain and Kyl reached out to my committee--the committee on which I am ranking member and Senator Boxer is chairman. They talked about how they would go about honoring Judge John Roll by naming the new courthouse that will be constructed in Yuma, AZ, after him.  Many of us have come to know the work of Judge Roll after his tragic, heroic death in the recent shooting where he died protecting Ron Barber, Congresswoman Giffords' district director, and sacrificing himself. My office knew about him before, about Judge Roll's work on behalf of the judicial system in Arizona.  Judge Roll contacted my committee staff last year, after a GAO report criticizing the way Arizona was utilizing their courthouse space. This is a letter from Judge Roll to us:       On behalf of the district of Arizona, I strongly disagree      with many of the conclusions in the report, particularly as      they relate to Arizona and its attempts to cope with an ever-     burgeoning criminal caseload largely arising from border      enforcement.  He hoped his response to the report would be helpful to us. It was. We have learned that the problems they have in Arizona on the border are something they have never experienced before. It has put their judicial system into real problems, and consequently this judge was taking a leadership role in reaching out to us to let us know that GAO report was not accurate.  We have had a chance to talk with both Senator McCain and Senator Kyl. I sat down with Senator Boxer, who is the chairman of our committee, and talked about what we might be able to do in a very expeditious way. I believe the decision to name the Yuma, AZ, courthouse after Judge Roll is a fitting tribute to a man who served his State with distinction.  The courthouse is a new courthouse, government construction, to help alleviate some of the overcrowding going on in Arizona right now, primarily because of the problems that exist on the border.  I do not know of any time in the years I have been here that a bill has been introduced and then discharged the same day. We all feel strongly enough that this needs to be handled in this way. It is the very least we can do.  Judge Roll was highly regarded by his colleagues and clearly took his judgeship seriously, doing more than simply deciding cases and going home. He was an active advocate for the judicial system in Arizona. I believe we would have had this courthouse named after him upon his retirement had his life not been tragically taken.  Today Senators McCain and Kyl introduced S. 188, and I am happy to announce that Senator Boxer and I have discharged S. 188 to the floor on this same day. Anything else I do not think would have been appropriate.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Whitehouse). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  