      I spot four pigs eating something dark in a charred      courtyard. Standing by a newly dug mass grave, a UN soldier      from Morocco is choking with rage and grief. I asked him if      any of the dead are children. He nods and begins to sob,      quietly, into his facemask.  This is something that has been happening again. We talked about this before. I don't want to abuse the time we have, but a few minutes ago I got a notice from somebody I happen to know and he says:       I must admit that it was very difficult. This day too--  we are talking about in the last few hours--     has been very confusing with the rebels parading in the      streets stealing and dispossessing people of their goods.      This is what makes it very dangerous because it is a no law      zone. Hundreds of people have started leaving town avoiding      the danger in Abidjan.  That is what is happening right now. The report we have now recently is that the Ouattara rebel army is deploying death squads, and I will read from this because I think it is very important that we get this down right, because I am going to make some accusations here that maybe have never been made in recent history on this floor.       I have just received devastating news about the situation      in Cote d'Ivoire.       I have been told that there are ``death squads'' roving      around the streets of Abidjan ``disappearing''--  they used the word ``disappearing''     supporters of President Gbagbo.  Do they kill the supporters of President Gbagbo? Probably so, but they use the word ``disappearing'' because there is no accounting of it.       These death squads are led by soldiers of Ouattara's rebel      Army. They have already killed 400 people in the last few      hours.  I am talking about contemporary, right now.       If we do nothing, this soon will include the murder of      President Gbagbo and his wife Simone. Ouattara's armed rebels      are supported militarily by the United Nations and the French      government. I call on UN Secretary General Ban Kee Moon and      French President Sarkozy to condemn and halt immediately      these ``death squads.'' If they do not, I charge that they      are complicit in allowing these death squads to operate      freely on the streets of Abidjan.  It also calls for immediate cease-fire.  I will conclude and say that I remember well, because I was around when this happened, and when we knew--some people knew, we didn't know in advance, what was going to happen in Rwanda. President Kagame didn't know what was going to happen in Rwanda. Kofi Annan of the United Nations apparently did know what was going to happen and elected not to say anything about it, so that they weren't warned and 800,000 mutilations later, we know what the genocide was all about. We know now. We know the death squads are there. The death squads have already killed, according to these reports, some 4,000 people in the last few hours.  If we don't do anything about it, I have in my own mind--I feel very certain that those death squads run by Ouattara's rebel army will reach the hiding place of President Gbagbo and his wife Simone and their family, and they, too, will be murdered. If we don't do anything, we have been warned that can happen. We can intervene and stop the death squads roaming around in Abidjan in the country of Cote D'Ivoire.  With that, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  