I thought I would make a couple of comments that might surprise a few people.  I was not from Oklahoma originally. I was actually born in Iowa. When I was a very small child, Ronald Reagan was the sports announcer for WHO radio.  My father was a claims adjuster. They officed in the same room--not the same building but the same room. They played the pinball machine together. I can remember at that time they never said Ronald Reagan; they said Dutch Reagan. That was his name. That was his name as a sports announcer too. He would actually come by and we referred to him as Uncle Dutch. That was in Des Moines. That was back during the Depression and shortly after.  When my family moved to Oklahoma, we didn't have a lot of money. So we never went to movies. At that time they didn't have TV. The only time we would ever see a movie is if Dutch Reagan had a movie. I went down once to Atoka, OK, which was probably roundtrip driving about 4 hours. We went down to see a Dutch Reagan movie.  Later on, I became the mayor of Tulsa. During that time Reagan was in his first term. He had me do all of his domestic work. I was debating Democratic mayors from all over the country on the policies that Ronald Reagan had initiated and tried to perpetuate, and they were all very successful, I might add. Now, in retrospect, a lot of people on the other side of the fence realize they were.  Saying this was a personal relationship, I look beyond what everyone knows about Ronald Reagan, what his persona was, and I can say he was such a warm and personable person. It never occurred to me--I thought of him as one of the family until the time he started running for political office.  It is kind of interesting because his first election, of course, was running for office out in California. At that time, we still did not have a lot of money, but my father--I think that was the first race he got involved with financially, and Ronald Reagan never forgot it. I can remember when I came to Congress he was in his second term, and he would always comment: There is young Congressman Inhofe. His daddy was one of my first financial contributors.  So anyway, I will just say this: When you lose somebody like him, you do not just lose a leader that in retrospect looks good to everyone, but you lose someone who is very warm and loving. Here is a guy who, in the Oval Office, would never ever walk in without a coat and tie on. This is the way he distinguished the office, and this is the way the office distinguished him.  So we dearly miss him on this, his 100th birthday anniversary.  Madam President, let me make one comment about the two amendments I have on the bill. I think it is important we address both of them, but one of them is, in particular, very significant. We have a subpart S version of the FARs that affects scheduled and nonscheduled airlines. A scheduled airline can live with the flight crew rest and duty time because they can adjust their schedules to do that. The unscheduled cannot. So the subpart S in the FARs today allows a subpart S to work longer hours, but they also have longer rest hours in between. They average out actually with longer rest hours per active hours than under the law that affects the scheduled airlines.  Let me give you a couple examples why it is important. Ninety-five percent of our troop movement over in theater, where the Presiding Officer and I just came back from, after having spent New Year's Eve with our troops over in Kabul and Afghanistan--during that time, there were several times when they had to bring blood in.  If a nonscheduled airline has to bring the blood in, they cannot do it because that is too far. They would have to leave the plane there and have crew rest in Kabul and come back. Well, they cannot do that because we have rules against it.  Ninety-five percent of the troop activity, movement, comes from nonscheduled airlines. Forty percent of the material comes in and out. That is what we are talking about. We are talking about getting blood over to our troops in the AOR.  So it has worked well. There has not been, in 15 years, one case where an accident on a nonscheduled airline has taken place due to the fatigue of anyone. So it is a problem that does not exist, and I have always had this hangup about fixing things that are not broken. So, consequently, I am hoping we will be able to keep that.  What is happening today is there is a comment period and a rule that would do away with that subpart S, and I would like to have this amendment in here. It would keep that from happening. So I think it is very important, and I think it means a lot to our troops over there. The only alternative--if you take the blood example--is, you would have to find, from maybe Qatar or some other place, a military plane, a C-130 or a C-17, to take them in. As you know, right now the OPTEMPO of our lift capacity is to the point we cannot take on anything more. So I think this is a life-and-death type of thing.  The other amendment I feel strongly about--I mentioned a minute ago when Senator Glenn retired, that left me as the last active commercial pilot in the Senate and I still am and have been flying for 50 years. Many times in the past I have, at my own expense and in my own aircraft, done things where we are helping out people because there is no one else to do it, either taking people for medical treatment or taking, in one case, a limb that had been amputated back to be reattached, this type of thing.  So for people to do it--the pilots and the equipment, such as my equipment--it costs us money to do it. But we feel, in order to encourage them to do it, they should be exempt from liability should something happen so they do not have frivolous lawsuits. If you do, then it discourages people from being generous. So this is kind of a Good Samaritan type of amendment.  These are amendments Nos. 7 and 6. I am hoping to get them in the queue. I cannot do that at this time. I want to cooperate with Senator Rockefeller, but as soon as we can, I want to get these in.  With that, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  