Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, today we are considering H.R. 4518, which is alternatively named the ``W.J. `Billy' Tauzin Satellite Television Act of 2004,'' in honor of our former chairman, Billy Tauzin. It is particularly fitting that this is named after Boudreaux friend, Billy Tauzin, since he was the chief architect of the regulatory landscape which promoted the creation of a vibrant satellite TV industry to the benefit of so many consumers across the country.  Mr. Speaker, our prayers remain with Billy Tauzin as he continues his fight against cancer, and I know that he is fighting with the same vim and vigor that characterizes his very able public service.  This bill reauthorizes certain expiring provisions in the communications and copyright acts. It also modernizes other provisions to increase parity and enhance competition between satellite and cable operations. And given that this bill affects both communications and copyright issues, the Committee on Energy and Commerce worked very closely with the House Committee on the Judiciary on a bipartisan basis in putting this bill together.  Procedurally, this bill combines the elements of H.R. 4501, which was reported by the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, with elements of H.R. 4518, which was reported by the House Committee on the Judiciary. I want to commend my colleagues on both committees, on both sides of the aisle, for their cooperation and dedication of this mission, particularly the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner), chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary; the gentlemanfrom Texas (Mr. Smith), chairman of the Subcommittee on Courts, the Internet, and Intellectual Property; and, obviously, the ranking member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell) and the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Telecommunications and the Internet, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), for their very active work on this legislation.  This bill resulted from an extensive examination of satellite TV issues in our committee. The subcommittee on Telecommunications and the Internet held an oversight hearing on March 10, a legislative hearing on April 1, subcommittee markup to legislation on April 28, and the full committee markup to legislation on June 3 that would become H.R. 4501. As I recall, that bill passed in both the subcommittee and full committee on a voice vote. It was extensively bipartisan from the very start. And without a doubt, by extending these expiring provisions, increasing parity between satellite TV and cable operators, promoting competition between satellite TV and cable, the bill will enhance consumer choice and service.  Mr. Speaker, this bill builds upon the solid foundation laid by our friend Billy Tauzin. I commend this bill to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and urge its passage.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  