Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I am one of those fortunate to have worked and served in the Reagan administration for 4\1/2\ years. I started off as a legislative aid, and I ended up being in charge of congressional affairs at OMB under Director Stockman and then under Director Jim Miller. Ronald Reagan had a vision, an agenda; and he knew how to get things done. He surrounded himself with good people that were smart, who shared his vision, and in fact knew the political process to get things done.  Back then, times were tough. We had the Cold War, we had double-digit inflation, double-digit unemployment, double-digit interest rates; and yet he was still able to get his agenda through and move the country forward. The odds were stacked against him. Man, Republicans did not control the Senate; and in this body, in the House, they did not control the House either. In fact, the margin was 70 or 80 votes short in the House. Yet he was still able to get his agenda through.  On the minority side, the Republican side, we had two terrific dynamic leaders, John Rhodes and Bob Michel, two Republicans that were minority leaders, never Speaker. They were both good, decent, honest people; but they never had the votes, or not the Republican votes. So Ronald Reagan appealed to the American people for his support. ``Reaganesque'' is a word today that you will find in the dictionary, a powerful word; and in fact he put policy over politics, and look at the results.  He beat an incumbent President, a good honest, decent guy, Jimmy Carter, who has done wonderful things since his Presidency; but the real test is your reelection, and Ronald Reagan won 49 of the 50 States. If that was not a mandate in terms of his agenda, I do not know what is. That mandate, winning 49 States, I think will serve as the record for any President running for reelection.  Yes, history will judge where he stands, rightfully so. But in large part it already has. Ronald Reagan was a great American President, a wonderful man who touched tens of millions of lives across this country in every respect of their life. I was proud to serve a wonderful President for those years.  