Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3926, the Organ Donation and Recovery Improvement Act, of which I am a cosponsor. Let me just mention several numbers, that for me, say it all about why we need incentives to increase organ donations across the nation. In Michigan, as of the first of this month, 2544 individuals are on the waiting list for an organ donation. Since the first of the year, 108 individuals received a donated organ and, sadly, 19 people have already died because there was no organ available to save them. These are our constituents, our families, our friends. I know the Transplant Society of Michigan, our state's organ procurement organization, is working hard to increase donations. But they could use a helping hand, as could OPOs across the nation. The Organ Donation and Recovery Improvement Act we will vote on today is a very good start.  The key to donation is public education and awareness. This legislation gives the Secretary of Health and Human Services the ability to award grants to States for the purpose of assisting States in carrying out organ donor awareness, public education and outreach activities designed to increase the number of organ donors. While there is a desperate need for vital human organs, the American public should know that there is also a continuing need for donated human eyes and tissue. Donation is the term used to describe the humanitarian act of giving to help another. Anatomical gifts include vital, life-saving human organs, sight restoring eyes, and repair and reconstruction human tissue such as bone, cartilage, tendons, skin, and heart valves.  At national, state, and local levels, a partnership exists between the organ, eye and tissue bank communities. While all three communities are considered separate, given differences in medical criteria, training needs and distribution pathways, they are united in their message to encourage the act of donation. Organ donation saves lives, eye donation restores sight, and tissue donation provides skin grafts for critically injured burn patients and benefits thousands of patients in need of bone, cartilage, tendons, and heart valves. Without a donor, transplant surgeons cannot save or improve the health of even one individual.  The intent of H.R. 3926 is primarily to address the shortage of solid human organs. It must be noted, however, that the eye and tissue banking communities are also partners in donation and that their participation and contribution in the donation process is critical to the continued health and well being of many Americans who have either been injured or are suffering from a disease. It is my understanding that it was our intent in crafting H.R. 3926 that specialists in the eye and tissue fields, as well as the organ field, should be consulted and included in the development and dissemination of educational materials on donation. It is my further understanding that it is our intent in this legislation that eye banks and tissue banks be participants in the development of hospital-based donations and protocols that have an impact on eye and tissue banking--as is currently the case under the Medicare and Medicaid programs.  Every individual can sign-up to be a donor, regardless of health or medical condition. It is imperative, however, that individuals openly discuss their decision to donate with family and friends so that they may help honor their loved one's wishes and are knowledgeable about their options. Just one individual can save and improve as many as 50 lives. Representatives of hospitals, organ banks, eye banks, and tissue banks work hand in hand to see that loved ones' wishes are respected and that gifts are properly handled for the benefit of others. I commend these organizations for working tirelessly toward this end and for their efforts to educate the public on the benefits of donation.  In closing, I fully encourage all Americans to consider the altruistic act of donation and to make others aware of your decision.  