  Before I respond to him directly, I did want to comment he is right, there were 43 Members of the Senate who voted against what is regarded as the most comprehensive veterans legislation to have been introduced in several decades, legislation that was supported by virtually every veterans organization in the country, including the American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Disabled American Veterans, Vietnam Veterans of America, the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, the Gold Star Wives, and dozens and dozens of other veterans organizations.  If I might point out that while my colleague from Louisiana is, of course, right that there were 43 Senators who voted no, he neglected to mention that there were 56 Senators who voted yes. There was one Senator who was absent on that day who would have voted yes.  We are now at the stage where we have 57 Senators, which I would suggest to my colleague from Louisiana is significantly more than 43 percent, it is 57 percent.  If we could have the cooperation--and I hope we can maybe make some progress right here, now, from my colleague from Louisiana who has shown interest in veterans issues--do you know what, we can do something that millions and millions of veterans and their families want us to do.  If my colleague from Louisiana would allow me, I would like to quote from what the Disabled American Veterans, the DAV, has to say about this legislation--which, unfortunately my colleague from Louisiana voted against. He was one of the 43 who voted against it.  DAV says:       This massive omnibus bill, unprecedented in our modern      experience, would create, expand, advance, and extend a      number of VA benefits, services and programs that are      important to the DAV and to our members. For example,      responding to a call from DAV as a leading veterans      organization, it would create a comprehensive family      caregiver support program for all generations of severely      wounded, injured and ill veterans. Also, the bill would      authorize advance appropriations for VA's mandatory funding      accounts to ensure that in any government shutdown      environment in the future, veterans benefits payments would      not be delayed or put in jeopardy. This measure would also      provide additional financial support to survivors of      servicemembers who die in the line of duty, as well as      expanded access for them to GI Bill educational benefits. A      two-plus year stalemate in VA's authority to lease facilities      for health care treatment and other purposes would be solved      by this bill . . .  --which, of course, is what the Senator from Louisiana is referring to. Then they continue:       . . . These are but a few of the myriad provisions of this      bill that would improve the lives, health, and prospects of      veterans--especially the wounded, injured and ill--and their      loved ones.  That is the DAV. I ask my colleague from Louisiana--you are raising an important issue, and I agree with you. But what I cannot do is take this issue over here, separate it, and that issue over here, because tomorrow there will be somebody else coming and saying: You know, Senator Sanders, I want you to move forward on this. Then the next day somebody else comes forward and says: I want to move forward on that.  We have a comprehensive piece of legislation, supported by millions of veterans, and supported by 57 Members of the Senate. I ask my colleague from Louisiana--who is concerned about veterans' issues--work with us, support us, give us the three Republican votes we need. We had 55, 54 Members of the Democratic Caucus. We only had two Republican votes. Help me get three more votes. You will get these facilities in Louisiana, we will get these facilities all over the country, but we will also address many of the major crises facing the veterans community.  With that, Madam President, I would object to my colleague's proposal.  