 Let me answer the very last question first, and I will go through the others.  I think throughout the history of this country, not only in Iraq and Afghanistan, I think as a people we have underestimated the real cost of war. There was no word called PTSD at the end of World War II, but anyone who thinks that men and women did not come home from war suffering from that ailment would be very mistaken. So the cost of war is real, and it is not just missiles and tanks and guns. If this country means anything, we take care of all of those who serve, to the last day of their lives, when they need that care. I don't have the date in front of me, but I think it was about 3 weeks ago when we passed that legislation by a huge vote. I think there were only 3 people who voted against it. It was a vote of 93 to 3--huge bipartisan support for the bill.  But equally important, to answer the important question raised by the Senator from Illinois, there was also an overwhelming understanding that paying for this bill is a cost of war. It has to be emergency funded, and in a strong bipartisan vote the Senate said, yes, that is how we are going to pay for it.  In terms of the House bill, the House bill was a reasonable bill, but they did not go into the detail we did in terms of how it will be paid. But the major point I do want to make--I was just going to get to that and I appreciate the Senator from Illinois raising it. This bill is not going to be paid for by cutting education or food stamps. That isn't going to happen. That isn't going to happen, first of all, because it is not going to happen and, second of all, it would be grossly disrespectful to the veterans of this country. The veterans of this country need help. They need help now. This legislation must be passed as soon as possible, and it must be passed in terms of the emergency funding. This is a cost of war.  I would ask my friend from Illinois, the whip, can he recall what kind of programs were offset and what kind of taxes were raised to pay for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan?  