  But before I do that, I also want to say that ISIS is not the only major problem facing our country. It would be a real tragedy if, in our legitimate concerns about the dangers of ISIS, we continue to ignore the very serious problems that are taking place right here in the United States of America and impacting tens of millions of working families.  There are crises here at home we have ignored for too long. Real unemployment today is 12 percent, youth unemployment is 20 percent. We can't ignore it. The minimum wage nationally is at a starvation wage of $7.25 an hour. We cannot ignore that reality. We have to raise the minimum wage.  Women earn 77 cents to the dollar that men earn. That is unfair. We cannot ignore the issue of pay equity. We have to address that issue.  Senator Boxer was just on the floor talking about the planetary crisis of global warming and the fact that virtually the entire scientific community is united in telling us that global warming is real. It is significantly caused by human activity. It is also causing devastating problems in our country and around the world. We cannot continue to ignore the crisis of global warming.  Last week many of us voted to overturn the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision that allows billionaires the ability to spend unlimited sums of money to buy elections which will benefit candidates who support the rich and the powerful. My point is that while we address the very serious problems in the Middle East--and these are very serious problems--we cannot take our eye off the very serious problems facing tens of millions of Americans.  The issue involving ISIS, in my view, is enormously complex. Just one example is Syria. The Assad government is a dictatorship which has killed many thousands of its own people and has even used, we believe, chemical weapons against its own citizens--and these are the good guys. The decisions we make now in Syria, in Iraq, and in the Middle East must be made with great thoughtfulness.  As you know, President Obama has been attacked time and time again because he publicly stated a while ago that ``we don't have a strategy yet'' for dealing with ISIS. Frankly, I applaud the President for trying to think through this incredibly complicated issue and not making rash decisions which would make a very bad and dangerous situation even worse and more dangerous.  I remember back in 2002--I was in the House of Representatives then--when George W. Bush and Dick Cheney said they did have a strategy. They were tough, they were forceful, they acted boldly, they acted swiftly, but, unfortunately, what they did was dead wrong. In fact, it was the worst foreign policy blunder in the recent history of America and opened up a can of worms we are trying to deal with today.  Frankly, I must say I am not impressed with all of the tough talk. I want smart policy that will work and that will, in fact, lead to the destruction of ISIS, not sound bites that may be effective in a political campaign.  I will take a few moments to lay out some of my concerns. First, President Obama is absolutely right when he said this struggle will not be successful unless there is a strong international coalition. Let's be clear: ISIS is a terrorist threat not only to the United States but to Britain, France, Germany, countries throughout Europe, and, in fact, to nations throughout the world.  More importantly, ISIS, which wants to establish a new caliphate, which includes many countries across a large geographical area, is a major threat in the region to countries such as Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Turkey, Qatar, Iran, Jordan, and other countries.  I very much appreciate the hard work that President Obama and Secretary of State Kerry have undertaken in trying to put together an international coalition that will effectively fight ISIS. We all know how difficult that effort is, but at this point it appears to me the kind of coalition we need has yet to come together.  In my view, ISIS will never be defeated unless the countries in the region--the people in the region, the Muslim world, including Sunni and Shiite nations--stand up to this threat.  I know how hard President Obama and Secretary of State Kerry are trying, but we are nowhere near where we need to be in terms of building this coalition at this moment.  It may surprise many people to know that Saudi Arabia--a country run by an autocratic royal family worth hundreds of billions of dollars and one of the wealthiest families in the world--is a country which was the world's fourth largest defense spender in 2014. Most people don't know that. According to a Reuters article from earlier this year--and I quote--``Saudi Arabia beat Britain to become the world's fourth largest defense spender in 2013.'' In other words, Saudi Arabia is now spending more money on arms and the military than is the United Kingdom.  The article goes on to cite a report by London's International Institute for Strategic Studies which estimated Saudi Arabia was spending over $59 billion, a figure researchers said was extremely conservative, pushing it above Britain at $57 billion or France at $52 billion. Once again, Saudi Arabia is spending more on their military than is Britain or France.  Another article from Bloomberg provides additional details on Saudi Arabia's military strength. It cites that ``in 2011, the U.S. Government signed an agreement with Saudi Arabia valued at $29 billion.'' That is the end of the quote from Bloomberg. But according to Military Balance, ``The Royal Saudi Air Force has more than 300 combat capable aircraft, including 81 F-15 C and D fighter aircraft, 172 advanced F-15 S Typhoon and Tornado fighters capable of ground attack, dozens of C-130 transport aircrafts.'' This is what the Saudi Arabian Air Force has.  Let me also quote from an article in Forbes which details the strength and numbers of many of the militaries in the Mideast. The article notes:       Countries in the region have more than enough power to      destroy the Islamic State. Turkey has an army of 400,000.      Iran has nearly as many in the army and paramilitaries. Iraq      has a nominal army of nearly 200,000 and some 300,000 police.      Saudi Arabia has nearly 200,000 army, national guard, and      paramilitary personnel. Syria's military, though degraded by      war, numbers some 110,000, plus paramilitaries. Jordan has      74,000 in the army. The Kurdish Peshmerga numbers in the tens      of thousands. All of these but Iraq and Kurdistan have some      air force ground attack capabilities.  Furthermore, not only are countries in the region not stepping up in the fight against ISIS but, believe it or not, several of these gulf states are empowering ISIS and Al Qaeda-related groups through their financial contributions. A recent article in the Washington Post noted:       Kuwait, a U.S. ally whose aid to besieged Syrian civilians      has been surpassed only by the United States this year, is      also the leading source of funding for al-Qaeda-linked      terrorists fighting in Syria's civil war.  Now, think back not so long ago when the United States of America went to war to push Saddam Hussein's troops out of Kuwait and restore the royal ruling family. Today we find that ``Kuwait is the leading source of funding for al Qaeda-linked terrorists fighting in Syria's civil war.''  The article goes on to state:       . . . the amount of money that has flowed from Kuwaiti      individuals and through organized charities to Syrian rebel      groups such as Jabhat al-Nusra totals in the hundreds of      millions of dollars.  Kuwait is hardly alone in this effort. As Treasury Department Under Secretary Cohen stated:       A number of fundraisers operating in more permissive      jurisdictions--particularly in Kuwait and Qatar--are      soliciting donations to fund extremist insurgents, not to      meet legitimate humanitarian needs.  On and on it goes.  Why is all of this of enormous consequence? The answer is pretty obvious. The worst action we can take now is to allow ISIS to portray this struggle as East versus West and Muslim versus Christians, as the Middle East versus America. That is exactly what they want and that is exactly what we should not be giving them. In other words, this is not just a question of whether young men and women in Vermont or in North Dakota or in any other State of this country should be putting their lives on the line to defend the billionaire families of Saudi Arabia when Saudi Arabian troops are not in the struggle. This is not just whether the taxpayers of our country and not the billionaire ruling families of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, and other countries should be paying for this war; more importantly, it is an understanding that at the end of the day, this war will never be won by the United States alone but it must be won by the people in the region.  Should we, as the most powerful military in the world, be of help to those people struggling against ISIS? The answer is obviously yes. Along with the international community, we should be strongly supportive of those countries in the region that are standing up to ISIS. And I personally believe President Obama is absolutely right in his efforts to judiciously use airstrikes which, at this point, have shown some success. But at the end of the day, in my view, the United States of Americacannot and should not lead this effort. We must be supportive of other countries in the region who are standing and fighting against the ISIS terrorist organization, but this fight will have to be fought by countries in the region that are, in fact, most threatened by ISIS. They cannot stand aside. They cannot say: Hey, go for it, United States. Thank you, American taxpayers. But we in Saudi Arabia--no, we don't want our young people involved in this war. We don't want our airplanes involved in the attacks. We don't want our billions to go into this war. Thank you, America. It is really nice of you to do that. By the way, while you do that, we may play both sides of the issue and some families may actually fund terrorist organizations. But we really do appreciate your stepping to the plate because we are not doing that.  So that is where we are today. It is a very complicated, difficult situation. Again, I applaud President Obama and Secretary Kerry for trying to work through this. But this is what I worry about: I worry very much that supporting questionable groups in Syria--so-called moderates who are outnumbered and outgunned by both ISIS and the Assad government--I worry very much that getting involved in that area could open the door to the United States, once again, being involved in a quagmire, being involved in perpetual warfare. And what happens when the first American plane gets shot down or the first American soldier is captured? What happens then? I am hearing from some of our Republican colleagues who are already talking about the need for U.S. military boots on the ground. That is what they are talking about today, and that concerns me very, very much.  So I am going to vote against this continuing resolution because I have very real concerns about the United States getting deeply involved in a war we should not be deeply involved in. At the end of the day, if this war against this horrendous organization called ISIS is going to be won, it will have to be Saudi Arabia, it will have to be Iraq, it will have to be the people of Syria, it will have to be the people of that region saying: No, we are not going to accept an organization of terrorists such as ISIS. And we should be there to help, as should the United Kingdom, as should Britain, as should France, as should Germany. This has to be an international coalition. But the last thing we need is the United States being the only major military power involved in this war.  So I thank the Chair, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  