  Mr. President, I want to talk about an issue that millions and millions of people all over this country are increasingly concerned about; that is, last week the FCC, the Federal Communications Commission, released a proposal in response to a recent Federal court decision that struck down the Commission's 2010 Open Internet Order. The proposal would, for the very first time, allow Internet service providers to be able to pay for priority treatment.  What this means, in point of fact, is the end of net neutrality and the end of the Internet as we know it. What net neutrality means is that everyone in our country--and, in fact, the world--has the same access to the same information. Whether you are a mom-and-pop store in Hardwick, VT, or whether you are Walmart, the largest private corporation in America, you should have the same access to your customers.  Net neutrality also means that a blogger, somebody who just blogs out his or her point of view, in a small town in America should have the same access to his or her readers as the New York Times or the Washington Post.  If the FCC allows huge corporations to negotiate ``fast-lane deals,'' then the Internet will eventually be sold to the highest bidder. Companies with the money will have the access and small businesses will be treated as second- or third-class citizens. This is grotesquely unfair and this will be a disaster for our economy and for small businesses all across our country.  I want to take this opportunity to thank Commissioners Clyburn and Rosenworcel for their strong support of net neutrality. They are doing exactly what the American people want from the Commission. During last week's hearing Commissioner Rosenworcel stated:       We cannot have a two-tiered Internet, with fast lanes that      speed the traffic of the privileged and leave the rest of us      lagging behind.  Commissioner Clyburn noted:       [The] free and open exchange of ideas is critical to a      democratic society.  And she is, of course, absolutely right.  I have to say--and I don't mean to be particularly partisan on this issue, but the facts are the facts--that in contrast, the Republican Commissioners, Ajit Pai and Michael O'Reilly, would like to completely deregulate the Internet. Commissioner O'Reilly said, in response to the proposal:       As I've said before, the premise for imposing net      neutrality rules is fundamentally flawed and rests on a      faulty foundation of make-believe statutory authority. I have      serious concerns that this ill-advised item will create      damaging uncertainty and head the Commission down a slippery      slope of regulation.  That is Republican Commissioner O'Reilly.  What does all of this mean in English? What it means is that when we talk about deregulating the Internet, we are talking about allowing money--big money--to talk, and allowing the big-money interests to once again get their way in Washington. That is very wrong. We cannot allow our democracy to once again be sold to the highest bidder.  I think all of us agree the Internet has been an enormous success in fostering innovation and enabling free and open speech across the country and throughout the world. We kind of take it for granted. But when the Presiding Officer and I were growing up, there was no Internet, and I think we can all acknowledge now what a huge advance it has been for business and for general communication. Unfortunately, these Republican Commissioners on the FCC want to fix a problem that does not exist. What they want is to change the fundamental architecture of the Internet to remove the neutrality that has been in place for decades--since the inception of the Internet--and to allow big corporations to control content online.  Let me say the American people--people in Vermont and across thiscountry--care very deeply about this issue. A little while ago, in advance of the FCC's vote, on the Internet I asked people in Vermont and throughout the country to share their views with me, to write to me and tell me what they thought about the attempt to do away with net neutrality, and I was blown away by the response we received. More than 19,000 people have submitted comments to my office so far, and what they are saying in statement after statement after statement is that the FCC has to defend net neutrality.  I think these 19,000 people represent the vast majority of the people in this country who understand how important net neutrality is, and I want to take this opportunity and a very few moments to share some of the comments I received through my Web site.  Anthony Drake of Moreno Valley, CA, said:       Net neutrality is vital for a free and open internet, and      the economic advantages that it has brought our nation and      the world. Please work to reclassify ISPs as common carriers      under Title II of the Communications Act.  Stamford, VT, resident Roy Gibson concurred, telling the FCC that Internet providers ``should be treated like utilities.'' I agree with Roy Gibson.  Reg Jones of Bennington, VT, said President Obama must uphold his campaign promise to enforce net neutrality. He further said:       Net neutrality should be mandated as President Obama      promised. Any attempt to allow differential speeds and access      to the Internet should be squashed and those who propose it      should be replaced by people who represent all of the      citizens of this country. Internet access should be for the      good of all, not for the select few who already have too much      power and more money than they need.  William LaFrana of Versailles, KY, said:       Everyone should have equal access to the Internet. The      Internet was developed with taxpayer funding, and should not      be held hostage to corporate piracy.  Patricia Moriarty from Harwich Point, MA, wrote:       The Internet is the only place where we truly have freedom      of speech and the ability to freely exchange new ideas around      the world. Leave the Internet OPEN.  President Obama himself has long been on record supporting net neutrality. In 2007, then-Presidential candidate Obama said:       What you've been seeing is some lobbying that says that the      servers and the various portals through which you're getting      information over the Internet should be able to be      gatekeepers and to charge differential rates to different Web      sites . . . so you can get much better quality from the Fox      News site and you'd be getting rotten service from the mom      and pop sites. . . . And that I think destroys one of the      best things about the Internet--which is that there is this      incredible equality there.  That is what Barack Obama said when he was campaigning for the Presidency. Barack Obama was right when he said that, and I would very strongly urge the President to stand for what he said when he was campaigning for President and defend net neutrality.  I understand the FCC is an independent body, but the American people have spoken with a clear and unified voice that they want to maintain net neutrality. What is so frustrating for the American people is to elect a candidate--in this case President Obama--who campaigned on an issue and now see many of the FCC members he appointed moving in a different direction. It is simply not enough for the President to sit on the sidelines on this issue. We need him to speak out for net neutrality, as he did when he campaigned for President.  Let me conclude by simply saying the Commission will soon consider whether to reclassify the Internet as a so-called common carrier. Under this distinction, the Internet would be treated like other utilities. Being classified as a common carrier will mean Internet service providers must provide the same service to everyone, without discrimination. This is the only path forward to maintain an open forum, free of discrimination.  Over the next few months the public will have an opportunity to weigh in on this proposal by the FCC. Each of us--and I hope every Member of Congress--should be concerned about this issue. I encourage you to be vocal. If people want to write to my office--sanders.senate.gov--we already have 19,000 people commenting and we welcome even more. I hope the American people rally around this issue of net neutrality and that we defeat any proposal to do away with that.  With that, I yield the floor.  