 President, let me begin by thanking Senator Tom Udall for his extraordinary work over the years in calling attention to this disastrous Supreme Court decision called Citizens United which is doing so much to undermine the foundations of American democracy. It has been a pleasure working with him, and we will continue to fight.  My colleagues may not know it by reading the newspapers or watching TV, but this week we are going to be having a debate on what I consider to be the most important domestic issue facing the United States of America; that is, whether this great country retains its democratic foundations--one person, one vote--or whether we move into an oligarchic form of society where a small handful of billionaires is able to control not only the economic life of our Nation but the political life as well.  Whether one is a Democrat, whether one is a Republican, or whether one is--as the Presiding Officer and I are--an Independent, the overwhelming majority of the American people do not believe free speech has anything to do with billionaires being able to buy elections.  The Washington Post reported earlier this week that one family, the Koch brothers--a family worth $80 billion--has already put on the air some 44,000 ads, and this campaign has 2 months left to it--44,000 ads. America is supposed to be about debates on issues. It is not supposed to be a process where a billionaire can come into a small State such as Maine or Vermont and plop $50 million down or $20 million down to elect candidates whose sole job in life is to represent the wealthy and the powerful.  Men and women have put their lives on the line and died to defend American democracy--the right for all of us to be involved in the political process, not to create a situation where a handful of superwealthy families can elect the candidates they want.  I think some people, when they hear about Citizens United, say: Well, it is kind of an esoteric issue; it is not really relevant to my life.  Those who believe that are dead wrong. If people are concerned about the collapse of the middle class; if people are concerned about the fact that more people today are living in poverty than at any time in American history; if people are concerned about the fact that we have more wealth and income inequality in America today than any other major country on Earth; if people are concerned that we are the only major country on Earth without national health care, guaranteeing health care to all people; if people are concerned about the crisis of global warming and many other issues, people have to be interested in the issue of Citizens United and how we elect Members of the House and Senate and Governors, and so forth and so on, because ultimately what this is about is whether the wealthy can determine the agenda of the House and the Senate, whether they can say to candidates: Here it is--we are going to put $50 million into your campaign, and all you have to do is support us on A, B, C, D, and E. You have to make sure the rich get more tax breaks--despite the fact that the wealthy are doing phenomenally well. You have to make sure we cut food stamps or education or we eliminate the Environmental Protection Agency. That is why we are giving you the money we are giving you.  People do not spend hundreds of millions of dollars on campaigns for fun, for the hell of it; they are spending money because they have an agenda. And the billionaire agenda is not the agenda of the American people.  I wish to read for a moment exact language from the 1980 Libertarian Party, whose Vice Presidential campaign and major funder was one DavidKoch--one of the two Koch brothers. What I am going to read to my colleagues today is what I believe remains their agenda today because I see no evidence that it has changed.  When we turn on the TV and we see an ad coming from one of the Koch brothers' organizations, know what they stand for.  ``We favor the abolishment of Medicare and Medicaid programs.''  That doesn't mean cutting them; that means ending them.  ``We favor the repeal of a fraudulent, virtually bankrupt and increasingly oppressive Social Security system.''  That does not mean they are opposed to raising the minimum wage, which many of us want to do; they want to do away with Social Security entirely--not cut Social Security but do away with it.  ``We support repeal of all laws which impede the ability of any person to find employment, such as minimum wage laws.''  What that means in English is that while we are trying to raise the minimum wage, they want to abolish the concept of the minimum wage. So in high-unemployment areas, an employer can pay a worker $3 an hour or $4 an hour.  This is also from the Koch brothers' platform: ``We oppose all government welfare, relief projects, and aid to the poor programs. All of these government programs are privacy-invading, paternalistic, demeaning, and inefficient. The proper source of help for such persons is the voluntary efforts of private groups and individuals.''  That means goodbye to good jobs, nutrition programs, Federal aid to education, and goodbye to unemployment insurance.  This is not a conservative agenda. This is not a small-government agenda. This is an extremist agenda designed to eliminate virtually every piece of legislation passed by Congress in the last 80 years which protects the middle class, working families, low-income people, seniors, and the system. That is their agenda.  I am not saying every Republican adheres to every aspect of this agenda, but these guys are pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into the political process for a reason, and that reason is to make the wealthiest people in this country even wealthier while they do away with all legislation that protects working families.  Citizens United is one of the worst decisions in the history of the U.S. Supreme Court. I hope every Member of the Senate votes this week to start the process for a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United.  