 President, 16 major veterans organizations, including the Disabled American Veterans, the Veterans of Foreign Wars--the VFW--Paralyzed Veterans of America, the Vietnam Veterans of America, the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, the Military Officers Association of America, and many others--wonderful veterans organizations that have worked for years representing the needs of millions and millions of veterans--what these organizations say in this letter is that while we must address the immediate crisis of doing away with these long waiting lines and allowing veterans to get private care, what they also say--loudly and clearly--is that the VA must have the doctors, the nurses, and the space capacity that it needs so that in the future it will be able to permanently eliminate these long waiting lines so that 2 years from now, 3 years from now, when veterans come into the VA, they will get quality care, they will get timely care. That is what the veterans organizations have said.  I will quote to you one small paragraph of a long letter. They say that the charge of the conference committee should be ``to ensure that all veterans currently waiting for treatment must be provided access to timely, convenient health care as quickly as medically indicated,'' and at the same time ``protect, preserve and strengthen the VA health care system so that it remains capable of providing a full continuum of high-quality, timely health care to all enrolled veterans.''  Last week, in a Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee meeting, Sloan Gibson, the Acting Secretary of the VA, stated that the VA needed over $16 billion in order to hire thousands and thousands of doctors, nurses, other medical providers. In many VA facilities doctors do not have the examining rooms they need. There are space problems all over this country. What the veterans organizations--16 of them--said loudly and clearly is that Sloan Gibson, the new Acting Secretary of the VA--approved with wide Republican support--they said we support his proposal.  Our legislation does not give the VA all that Mr. Gibson would like, but we do provide them with the doctors and the nurses and the medical staff they need so we do not continue to havelong waiting lines at VA hospitals all over this country, so we do not come back 2 years from now in the same position, with veterans not being able to get timely care.  I have worked for a month and a half with my House Republican colleagues, led by the Veterans' Affairs chairman there, Jeff Miller, to find a compromise. Everybody knows the House looks at the world differently than the Senate--we all know that--and if we go forward, we need a compromise.  We have put good-faith offers on the table time and time again and we have tried to meet our Republican colleagues more than halfway, but I am very sad to say that at this point--and I hope this changes--but at this point I can only conclude, with great reluctance, that the good faith we have shown is simply not being reciprocated by the other side.  Standing here and saying this is the last thing I want to be doing. Our veterans deserve a responsible solution to this crisis.  Last night--this is an example of what has happened--somewhere around 10 o'clock in the night, the cochairman of the veterans conference committee, Mr. Miller in the House, announced unilaterally, without my knowledge or without my concurrence, that he was going to hold a so-called conference committee meeting in order to introduce his proposals.  Needless to say, his proposal is something I have yet to see. I do not know what it is. This is a proposal nobody on our side has seen. My understanding is he then wants to take this to the House on Monday to come up with a vote. In other words, his idea of negotiation is: We have a proposal. Take it or leave it. Any sixth grader in a school in the United States understands this is not negotiation, this is not what democracy is about.  I note the presence on the floor of the coauthor of the bill passed in the Senate, Senator McCain, and I am happy to yield the floor for Senator McCain.  