 President, I rise to support the withdrawal of the amendment offered by the Senator from Arizona.  I am opposed to the McCain amendment which would attempt to redefine an issue the entire Congress has already endorsed and the President has signed into law.  I spoke about this amendment last evening and will only make brief remarks today.  I want to begin by associating myself with the remarks of Senator Stevens and Senator Inouye. Both of these Senators have committed an enormous amount of time to work on this important issue. I know, all Senators know, that when Senator Dan Inouye and Senator Ted Stevens speak about tankers, their ultimate interest is the safety of the men and women in uniform who are protecting our country. I am proud to have worked closely with Senator Inouye and Senator Stevens to win approval for the leasing provisions in last year's Defense Appropriations measure.  Senator McCain ask the Senate to again require authorization for the lease of aircraft. Senator McCain's language is specific to the proposed 737 lease but his rhetoric and his ultimate objective is to scuttle any potential lease deal regardless of whether it is for a 737 aircraft or 767 aircraft.  As I stated last evening, I am puzzled that this issue continues to come up.  Not long ago, the Senate considered the Defense Authorization legislation. The Senator from Arizona sits on the committee. That was the bill to have this debate. This Senator complains that the Appropriations bill is the wrong place to authorize. Yet, here we are considering an authorizing amendment offered by the Senator from Arizona on an appropriations bill. It makes little sense to me. This is the wrong place to have this debate.  The Senator wants to scuttle the 737 lease recently announced by the Air Force. Importantly, that lease deal has been sent to the Armed Services Committee and the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee in both the House and Senate for review and comment. And, it is my understanding, that all four panels have reviewed and approved of the lease and the Air Force justification for the lease.  Last year, both the Senate and the House supported the language in the Defense Appropriations bill giving the Air Force the authority to move forward with lease discussions. The President signed the bill into law after the provisions were carefully scrutinized by the Office of Management and Budget. And now, with an actual lease deal proposed, the four relevant panels have signed off on an actual deal.  Yet, the Senator from Arizona persists in his attempts to scuttle an Air Force lease. Senator McCain has succeeded in making sure that this issue is thoroughly reviewed. It has been reviewed. The Senator clearly does not like the outcome of the review and he now wants the Senate to start the process over again and give him additional time to delay a legitimate need of our military.  The Senator also talks about competition. Here's what is really at stake. The Senator from Arizona wants to open the doors to the Air Force and the Department of Defense to Airbus. One U.S. company manufactures commercial aircraft of this type. One and only one U.S. company can meet the Air Force needs.  The Senator is not talking about asking the Air Force to choose between Ford and Chevrolet. The Senator from Arizona is asking the Senate to decide whether U.S. workers or European workers will manufacture U.S. military aircraft. That's a simple choice for me. U.S. taxpayers should not be asked to undermine the lone U.S. manufacturer of aircraft. U.S. taxpayers should not be asked to subsidize Airbus.  I want to remind my colleagues again what the Secretary of the Air Force, James Roche, wrote to me in a letter on the tanker issue, quote: ``The KC-135 fleet is the backbone of our Nation's Global Reach. But with an average age of over 41 years, coupled with the increasing expense required to maintain them, it is readily apparent that we must start replacing these critical assets. I strong endorse beginning to upgrade this critical warfighting capability with new Boeing 767 tanker aircraft.''  Those are the words of the Secretary of the Air Force. The Air Force wants to move forward with the lease option. Congress voted for the lease last year. The President signed the lease option into law. And the relevant committees have just approved the lease terms proposed by the Air Force for 737 aircraft.  I encourage my colleagues to again support this important option to lease aircraft, to get assets into the field that are of great importance to our men and women in uniform.  