 President, I rise to indicate my support for the Andean Trade Preference Act conference reportnow before the Congress. As my colleagues know, this conference report contains a number of trade provisions, including Trade Promotion Authority.  As I have said throughout my service in the Senate, Washington State is the most trade-dependent State in the country. Trade and our ability to maintain and grow international markets for our goods and services is tremendously important to my State. It is an economic issue, a family-wage jobs issue for my constituents who are accustomed to international competition. With these new trade tools, the President can give Washington State exporters new and expanded opportunities abroad. Expanded trade can play a role in job creation and economic recovery for Washington State.  The conference report, like all legislation, is a compromise. And while I would have liked to see even stronger provisions on trade adjustment assistance and worker and environmental protection, the conference report represents real progress on many issues I have worked on and supported over the years.  More workers will be eligible for trade adjustment assistance. Some workers from secondary industries will be covered for the first time under the conference report. The Senate bill provides a new health benefit to displaced workers.  The Senate bill provided a stronger health benefit for displaced workers. The conference report provides a 65-percent up-front, refundable tax credit for COBRA coverage which is slightly less than the 70-percent up-front credit provided by the Senate bill. This is a significant benefit. Congress will have to monitor closely the degree to which displaced workers are able to access the benefits. If necessary, I will not hesitate to support further modification of this program to allow displaced workers and their families to keep their health insurance. This is an issue of ongoing interest to me.  Fast track or trade promotion authority has been debated extensively now for 8 years. The President will soon have the authority that he and his Democratic predecessor sought. As the administration looks forward to difficult trade talks with Chile, Singapore, and others, I call upon the President and USTR Zoellick to be true to the debate the Congress has had on trade promotion. Many important issues have been raised. And while not all are included in the final conference report, the issues raised by the Congress will play a role in final approval of any trade agreement negotiated with TPA.  I am concerned that this administration will not be inclusive in upcoming trade negotiations. Members of Congress and outside groups have a legitimate role to play in setting national trade priorities and policy and I encourage the administration to be respectful of these roles. I have had several discussions with Ambassador Zoellick and he has demonstrated to me an awareness of important issues to my State. The administration should not misinterpret today's TPA vote. It is not a vote for a trade agreement. Congress will closely scrutinize the work of this administration as it negotiates as well as any agreement submitted for consideration under TPA's expedited procedures. I will be a very interested observer as the President and his trade team move forward.  The tremendous importance of international trade to my State, my entire State is the strongest argument for my vote in support of trade promotion authority.  I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues, my constituents and the administration on important international trade issues. Today's vote is an important step, a complicated step but ultimately the right step for our country.  