 Kennedy, a very happy birthday.  I grew up in a small town 3,000 miles away from here, a town of 1,000 people, from a family of 9. We did not have very much. Macaroni and cheese was standard fare for my family. Times were very difficult. My father was disabled. My mother had to work and raise seven kids and care for my father. We went to church every Sunday. It didn't seem as if there was a lot of hope. But there was one word of hope in my home, growing up in Bothell, WA, 3,000 miles away from here. That word for hope was ``Kennedy''--hope for all of us.  There was an individual 3,000 miles away in a town only on a map in our sixth-grade text book, Washington, DC. This man stood up and fought for the things my family needed so badly--whether welfare reform assistance for my mother when she had to go back to work, whether an education for all seven of us kids as we went through school, whether it was my ability and my six brothers' and sisters' ability to go on and get a college degree because of student loans and grants.  There was a man, an individual fighting for us, even though he never knew us, and I certainly never thought I would meet him. But his word was magic. His name was magic in my house. The name was Kennedy. We knew there was a compassionate advocate for us, every single day, speaking out for the needs of a family many miles away.  It is an honor and a privilege for me to be in this Senate, where I never thought I would be, and to have watched him for the last 9 years fight for those same people to make sure they have a good education, that they have prescription drug coverage, that their voice is not lost, that they have employment insurance when they do not have a job, that they have a voice in a town far away from many cities in this great country. It is an honor indeed to serve here with this man and to know that he advocates for many people who can never afford to travel this far away to speak for themselves.  Senator Kennedy, happy 70th birthday season, and many more. Thank you.  