 President, I thank my colleagues who have cosponsored this amendment with me--Senator Snowe, Senator Mikulski, and Senator Boxer--and remind my colleagues that what we are simply asking for is that the women who serve us in military uniforms overseas have access to safe, legal, reproductive health care systems.  This system today does not let them have that. They are serving in the Philippines or Germany or wherever we have asked them to go, and they want access to affordable health care.  I would remind my colleagues that it is not just the women who are in the services; it is the dependents of these who are in the services, as well, who are being denied. They have to go to their superior officer to ask permission--usually an older person, usually a man--for leave to come back to the United States.  They have to wait for transport on a C-17 or other military equipment, which could take time, putting their health in jeopardy. They have to be subjected to giving up their privacy rights because, most likely, they will have to tell their officer why they want to come back to the United States. So they are putting their life and their health and their health care at risk. And these are women who are serving us overseas.  All we are asking with this amendment is that they have the ability to go to a military hospital--where we have health care equipment, where we have safe equipment, where we have good doctors--to pay for their own health care for which they are asking.  I have heard over and over again that these are taxpayer expenses. The women will pay for the services. We are not asking for them to have taxpayer support.  Mr. President, this makes complete sense. It is common sense. We should treat our military women who are serving us as equal citizens to the women who live in the United States.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment tomorrow morning.  I am more than willing to yield back my time. I see our whip is on the floor. And I see Senator Brownback is in the Chamber. I am willing to yield back our time if he is ready to end this debate as well.  