 President, we are all very proud of the men and women of the military as they have responded to the attacks of September 11 and as they continue to protect us here at home and around the world.  As we work on the Defense appropriations bill, we have an obligation to the men and women who are defending us to make sure they have the resources and the equipment they need.  Tonight, I rise in strong opposition to the McCain amendment on which this body will be voting tomorrow morning. The Senator from Arizona persists in his efforts to redefine an issue that this entire Congress has already endorsed and that the President has signed into law.  The McCain amendment addresses both the 767 and the 737 lease provisions that were endorsed by an overwhelming bipartisan margin less than 1 year ago.  Frankly, I am puzzled that this issue continues to come up. The Appropriations Committee engaged in this issue following consideration of the Defense authorization bill last year. The issue came to light in part because of the terrorist attack on our country, the global war on terrorism, and the tremendous demand placed upon our air refueling fleet.  This issue was not a sleight of hand to undermine the authorizing committee. We acted out of necessity as our country responded to September 11 and to terrorism. We had a lengthy debate, thanks to the Senator from Arizona, and the Congress agreed to go forward using the lease option as the vehicle to give our men and women in uniform the asset they need.  Not long ago, the Senate considered the Defense authorization legislation. The Senator from Arizona sits on that committee. That was the bill to have this debate. The Senator complains that the appropriations bill is the wrong place to authorize. Yet here we are considering an authorizing amendment offered by the Senator from Arizona on an appropriations bill.  I read his amendment, and I want my colleagues to understand what is really at stake.  The Senator from Arizona wants us to open the doors to the Air Force and the Department of Defense to Airbus. It is quite simple to me. One U.S. company manufactures commercial aircraft of this type. One, and only one, U.S. company can meet the Air Force's needs.  The issue before the Senate is whether U.S. workers or European workers will manufacture U.S. military aircraft. That is the bottom line. That is what the vote will be about tomorrow.  Let me also say that the Senator from Arizona has a broader agenda than the language in this amendment. Listen to his rhetoric. He interchanges the 737 and the 767 lease programs approved by the Congress. The language in his amendment is about the 737 lease, but he references, time and again, the larger issue of the 767 tanker lease.  So let's talk about the 767 tanker lease. Since September 11, one piece of equipment has become more critical than ever, air refueling tankers. These flying gas stations allow us to project our military around the globe. In fact, tankers are the backbone of our air capability.  Just look at the war in Afghanistan. Our B-2 stealth bombers had to get from their base in Missouri to Afghanistan and back. They needed to be refueled in the air nine times. Our bombers, which left the airbase on Diego Garcia, had to be refueled three times to reach their targets 3,000 miles away. So we needed the tankers to get our aircraft over there.  We also relied on our tankers to keep our planes going during the fighting. During the heaviest bombing of the Afghanistan battles, 30 to 35 tankers were in the air nearly around the clock to refuel 100 tactical jets. Even carrier-based warplanes needed the aid of air tankers to strike their targets in Afghanistan.  Here at home, many of our cities were protected by combat air patrols. Those patrols relied on air refueling tankers.  As Air Force Lt. Gen. Plummer put it:       In the opening campaign of this war, every bomb, bullet and      bayonet brought into the theater got there thanks to our      aging refueling tanker fleet. . . .  Our reliance on tankers has grown 45 percent from fiscal year 2001. So whether it is projecting our force around the world or supporting our aircraft in the middle of a fight or keeping our homeland safe, the men and women of our military rely on our KC-135 tankers.  But there are serious problems with these tankers. They are old. In fact, they are among the oldest aircraft in the entire service. Because they are so old, they are not reliable, they are often down for repairs, and they cost a fortune to maintain.  Just look at the figures. The average age of these tankers is 41 years. One-third of the fleet is unfit to fly at any given time due to mechanical failure. Each plane requires a full year of maintenance for every 4 years spent on duty. A 41-year-old aircraft runs on parts that are not commercially available. Corrosion is also a significant problem. In fact, KC-135s spend about 400 days in major depot maintenance every 5 years.  So what we have are old planes that cost a fortune to keep flying and that are often down for repairs. That is not what you want in an aircraft that is used to protect your military around the world in the middle of a war.  Some have suggested that we just keep repairing the existing planes, and we could do that. But it does not make sense financially. It takes those planes out of service for a very long time. It would forfeit new planes that are more flexible, more reliable, and more efficient.  Let me share with the Senate something Secretary Rumsfeld said earlier this year:       We needed to begin moving out some of the older pieces of      equipment that are--aircraft and various things that require      so much upkeep and maintenance and so much on spare parts,      that it is unwise to continue to try to maintain them.  Secretary Rumsfeld also said:       So you end up trying to take a 1934 Oldsmobile and prop it      up for another five, six years, and there's a point beyond      which that doesn't make good sense.  We have reached that point.  I show you a picture of an old Oldsmobile. I think it is actually a 1939 Olds, but it proves the same point.  We could keep repairing them, but it does not make sense to keep pumping money into a 41-year-old airframe. It is expensive. If you want to keep one of these old planes going, you probably are going to have to remove the plane's metal skin because these planes, as I said before, have a lot of corrosion.  I share with my colleagues a photograph showing some of the problems with the metal on these aging tankers.  To ``re-skin'' this airplane costs $26 million. Does it make sense to do that to 100 planes? Mr. President, $26 million is an awful lot of money to fix one problem with one 41-year-old plane.  After you have replaced the skin of the aircraft, it is probably going to need new engines. That is not cheap. To put a new engine in 100, 125 tankers is going to cost $3 billion. That is a lot of money for a 41-year-old airplane.  There are other parts that need to be replaced. It would be one thing if you could fix them all today, but it takes a long time to overhaul these tankers. Right now, we are overhauling four a year. At a certain point, it is just not worth dumping money into these old planes.  K-135s were first delivered to the Air Force in 1957. On average, they are 41-year-olds, and we are paying for it. They have been around longer than most of the people who are flying them. There is no question they must be replaced with new tankers; the only question is when.  I would love for us to be able to buy these new tankers today, but there is not enough money in the Air Force's procurement budget. So many of us in Congress have worked very hard to work out a more flexible approach, an approach that is used with commercial aircraft all the time.  In December, Congress approved, and the President signed, legislation to authorize the Air Force to negotiate with Boeing on a 10-year lease of 100 new 767 aircraft to use as air tankers. Congress has authorized the lease program for both the 767 and the 737 aircraft. My colleagues will recall that the bill to authorize these lease programs for the Air Force was approved by this Senate 96 to 4.  I also want to remind my colleagues what the Secretary of the Air Force, James Roche, wrote to me in a letter. I will quote:       The KC-135 fleet is the backbone of our Nation's Global      Reach. But with an average age of over 41 years, coupled with      the increasing expense required to maintain them, it is      readily apparent that we must start replacing these critical      assets. I strongly endorse beginning to upgrade this critical      warfighting capability with new Boeing 767 tanker aircraft.  That is from Air Force Secretary James Roche.  My home State of Washington is home to the 92nd Air Refueling Wing. There are approximately 60 air refueling tankers that are based outside of Spokane, WA. I have been to Fairchild. I have visited personally with the families. I know the difficult missions these crews handle for each one of us every single day. And I know the men and women of the 92nd Air Refueling Wing need these aircraft.  The Senator from Arizona talks about leasing aircraft as if the lives of our men and women in uniform were not at stake. I remind my colleagues that we are talking about equipping young American pilots and the missions they support to go forward with the greatest opportunity to succeed.  Mr. President, I encourage the Senate, tomorrow, to table the McCain amendment.  I thank my colleagues, and I yield the floor.  