 President, I rise today to speak on an amendment I filed to the farm bill that would enhance funding for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Market Access Program. I appreciate the support and cosponsorship of Senators Feinstein, Craig, Cantwell, Boxer, and Wyden on this amendment.  Last year, the House of Representatives passed Trade Promotion authority by one vote, and the World Trade Organization meetings in Doha wrapped up with an agreement to begin a new round of trade negotiations. In Washington, D.C., and in the capitals of nation's around the world, it appears that momentum is building to expand trade.  But in rural areas in my home State, the support for new trade agreements is declining. Apple growers in Omak, WA and asparagus growers in the Yakima Valley are asking tough questions about our trade agreements.  Washington State is the most trade-dependent State in the nation. I have supported opening new markets for our products, whether it's airplanes or apples. I have also been a strong supporter of giving our farmers and businesses and tools they need to compete.  The global marketplace is tough, extremely competitive, and not always based on free market principles. Foreign governments have taken an aggressive posture in promoting their products. We need to be aggressive too.  One way we can be aggressive is to fully fund the Market Access Program. MAP helps nonprofit industry groups and other qualifying entities to conduct market promotion in foreign markets. MAP funds can be used for advertising and other consumer promotions, market research, and technical assistance.  In my home State of Washington, I have seen how MAP can help farmers, cooperatives, and small businesses. For example, each year, the apple industry receives roughly $3 million in export development funds from the USDA Market Access Program.  These funds, matched by grower funds, are used to promote U.S. apples in more than 20 countries throughout the world. Since 1987, when the apple industry first used MAP funds, apple exports have increased by 88 percent. Nearly one-quarter of fresh U.S. apple production is exported each year, with an estimated value of nearly $400 million.  If we are not aggressive, we will not gain market share.  My amendment would have modified the Senate Farm Bill to fund MAP at $200 million by 2004, and brought the Senate bill more in line with the House-passed Farm Bill, which funds MAP at $200 million beginning in fiscal year 2002. While it may not be possible to fully fund MAP at $200 million in fiscal year 2002, I strongly support funding MAP at this level beginning in fiscal year 2003.  