 I want to thank all of my colleagues who have been working hard to improve this bill, particularly, my colleague from Washington, Senator Cantwell, who has pushed to bring this amendment to a vote today.  This consumer protection amendment improves this bill by providing a number of much needed consumer protections for electricity customers. I have spoken a number of times expressing my concern regarding enacting broad, far-reaching electricity de-regulation in these turbulent times. California's attempts to deregulate electricity markets were disastrous. We are all still trying to figure out what happened to Enron and thousands of retirement and saving accounts. Consumers in the Pacific Northwest are still paying for some of the aftereffects of these events.  Repealing the Public Utility Holding Company Act, which was enacted in 1935, without adding strong consumer protections would be irresponsible. In this energy bill, we are also contemplating major changes to the Publicly Utility Regulatory Policies Act and the Federal Power Act.  When making these changes, it is essential that we make sure consumers do not suffer. A number of people have indicated that appropriate consumer protections are already in place in the underlying bill.  I disagree. I think that additional consumer protections are necessary.  This amendment strengthens the consumer protections by: ensuring electric holding company mergers advance the public interest; requiring FERC monitor and prevent market power abuses; ensuring market abuses are remedied; ensuring open access to utility holding company records by State Regulatory Commissions; and, requiring transparency in market transactions.  These provisions will greatly improve the electricity title of this bill and I am proud to be a co-sponsor. I encourage my colleagues to also lend their support.  Energy is very important to our quality of life, particularly in the Pacific Northwest. The electricity title of this bill continues to concern me and many in the Northwest. However, it is important that we all work together to develop an energy bill that will benefit the entire country.  