  I rise today to honor my friend and colleague, Senator Paul Wellstone, who inspired so many people to speak up and to serve. Even as I stand here today, I cannot imagine that when I turn around I won't see Paul standing at his desk, his arms flailing in the air, making some point with great passion.  Paul, with his energy and optimism, has left a mark on all of us. In 1990, when Paul Wellstone ran for the Senate, a lot of people were watching him and following his race. Political pundits said he could not win. But as I watched him, I became motivated. At the time, I was serving in the Washington State Senate, and I, too, was frustrated by what I saw happening in Washington, DC.  In Paul I saw someone who cared about the little guy and who spoke passionately. Paul was never afraid to voice his ideas or take on big fights. Not only did he win that Senate race, but in the process he inspired a generation of young people to serve their communities.  On a more personal level, Paul inspired me to run for the U.S. Senate. His brilliant example reminded me that you don't need to be powerful or rich--or even tall--to make a difference. You just need to have an honest concern for others, an optimistic spirit, and the courage to act.  Over the last 10 years, I have agreed--and disagreed--with Paul on any number of issues. But never once did I doubt his conviction, and never once did Paul let his policy disagreements soften the love and friendship he felt for all of us. Paul and I worked on everything from domestic violence and education to providing health care for veterans and protecting families from asbestos.  I could always count on Paul to remind me that so many Americans have been dealt a tough hand in life. So many families, through no fault of their own, find themselves struggling, and they need an advocate to speak out for them in this Congress.  No matter what pressures he faced in the Senate or even with his own health, Paul always reminded me how lucky we are to be able to serve in the U.S. Senate.  One thing I will not forget about Paul is that every one of us was important to him and he proved that time and again. A few months ago, I held a meeting in my office to develop a legislative strategy on a bill. I wanted to keep the discussion small and focused and frank, so I invited two other Senators and told them not to bring any staff members. When it was time to start the meeting, Paul bounced through the door with three people in tow. Even though staff were not invited, Paul didn't mind. But these weren't his staff--they were his interns. He proudly introduced each one of them to us, and they all stayed for the entire meeting. We were still able to get everything done that we needed to do in the short time we had. Those young students got to see democracy up close. 