 President, I rise in support of the Schumer/Wyden amendment. The 2000 election clearly illustrated that there are significant flaws in our election system. In many places our systems of voting are antiquated and people are being disenfranchised.  The bill we have before us seeks to correct those problems.  It improves voting systems, provides a mean for provisional voting, cuts down on voter fraud, and provides grants to States so they can improve their methods of voting.  The bill is not perfect. During consideration of this bill, I had worked with my colleagues on both sides to make sure that the intent of this reform bill is realized.  We want fewer people turned away from the polls, and we want to bring our states' election systems into the 21st century.  In my home State of Washington, 69-percent of votes in last November's election were cast by mail. Every election that percentage increases, and those numbers are larger for new voters.  In the state of Oregon, by law every voter casts their ballot by mail. This method has made it much easier for those who lack adequate transportation, or are elderly, or disabled or are single mothers to vote. Previously disenfranchised voters now can exercise their most important civic city because of vote by mail.  This legislation has several provisions that make the vote by mail process more difficult and in some cases could kill this method of voting. Two weeks ago, I worked with SenatorsCantwell, Dodd, McConnell, Wyden, and others to perfect a provision in the bill that would have placed an undo burden on jurisdictions utilizing vote by mail.  I thank those Senators who worked on that amendment.  There is a remaining obstacle to mail-in balloting in this bill that requires first-time voters to show some identification prior to voting.  Many voters don't have access to a polling place because they lack transportation, they are working too hard to provide for their families or are elderly or disabled.  The ability to vote by mail gives them the opportunity to participate in our democracy. These are the voters we cannot abandon as we address some of the obvious deficiencies in our nation's current electoral system.  The provision in the underlying bill places new and cumbersome hurdles on these types of voters and could potentially displace many new voters who want to get involved in the election process but could not without vote by mail.  I agree with many Senators that we must cut down on voter fraud and this bill does that.  In Washington, we run clean elections. We have had some very close races, and the integrity of the system has only been enhanced by the way the State has conducted those elections and the professionalism of the individuals involved.  I strongly support the Schumer/Wyden amendment.  Simply, this amendment would allow States like Washington and Oregon, who have significant numbers of mail-in voters, to create a signature verification system where signatures are matched against their registration.  This is a common sense approach that will insure that those that vote by mail don't have to go through overly burdensome hurdles in exercising their civic duty.  If we are unable to adopt this amendment, systems like those in Oregon and Washington could become unworkable and many new voters would find themselves without a say in the election of their public officials.  That would be an unacceptable result to this Senator.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  