 I know debate on this bill is limited, so I will be very brief.  The tax provisions in this bill provide important tax credits to encourage the use of energy-efficient fuel cells that are 1 kilowatt or greater. I note that the tax credit applies only to fuel cells of 1 kilowatt or greater because there are a number of important fuel cell applications that are less than 1 kilowatt. It is important that we support the development of fuel cells that are less than 1 kilowatt.  This amendment would expand the tax credit to include fuel cells that are greater than a half a kilowatt, but would keep the per kilowatt amount of the tax credit the same. Fuel cells that are between a half and 1 kilowatt are used as emission-free power supplies for a number of noteworthy applications, including cellular phone tower repeaters, home dialysis machines, railroad signaling and switching equipment, and recreational vehicle and camping powering equipment.  Fuel cells are an emerging technology that hold the promise of helping to dramatically reduce world pollution. This promising technology could eventually shift our dependence from fuels like gasoline and diesel fuel to hydrogen. This important tax credit is intended to provide an incentive for research, develop, design, and use fuel cell technologies.  We need to encourage the use of all types of fuel cells because as we gain more experience in the design and construction of fuel cells, it will allow the technology to advance to the point where it is competitive with other power sources.  Some may say this amendment is too costly, but the current market for fuel cells is very small. We have estimated the cost of this amendment, over the period of the tax credit, is less than $3 million. That is a small price to pay for encouraging the development of this promising new technology.  I urge my colleagues to support the development of a broader scope of fuel cell technology by supporting this amendment.  I know Senator Cantwell from my State wanted to be present as well, but she is unavailable at this time. I understand this amendment has been accepted on both sides and would be willing to move quickly to a vote.  