 President, the estate tax is bad for businesses. It is bad for workers and new job creation. And it is bad for our communities who are watching their local, family-owned businesses get swallowed up by large corporations. Therefore, I wish I could have supported the estate tax repeal amendment debated today.  For the last 7 years, I have worked to address the problems with the estate tax. I introduced legislation in 1995 to reform the estate tax, and I voted for the 1997 tax bill that made it easier for family farms and small businesses to transfer their assets to the next generation. In 2000, I cosponsored legislation by Senator Jon Kyl and former Senator Bob Kerrey to repeal the estate tax. I voted for similar legislation later that year. I believe the Kyl-Kerrey bill made a critical contribution to the estate tax debate. It was a middle ground that essentially substituted an estate tax when an asset is transferred at death with a capital gains tax when an asset is sold. In my opinion, that is a fair approach.  For me, estate tax repeal is about protecting and creating jobs, strengthening locally owned businesses, and protecting the environment. When a business owner spends thousands of dollars each year on estate tax planning, that is less money the owner invests in employees and the business. When family businesses are sold, they are often purchased by large corporations, not by other locally owned businesses. When timber lots or farms are sold, there is a good chance that land will be eaten up by strip malls or other development, and not kept as openspace. For the reasons I just outlined, a vote for repeal would have been the easy road to travel today.  My constituents did not elect me to the Senate to take the easy road. They elected me to make tough decisions. As much as I believe the estate tax is a bad tax, I believe passionately that we have a responsibility to balance the government's books. Just as the estate tax hurts businesses and jobs, so does chronic deficit spending by the Federal Government.  During the last 2 days, some of my colleagues have argued for permanent estate tax repeal. Not one of them has told me how we will pay for it. Last year's tax cut blew open the budget while not making estate tax repeal a high priority. Our budget problems were made worse by the recession and September 11 terrorist attacks. Clearly, we are in a different place than we were 2 years ago.  The country deserves a debate on how we balance estate tax repeal--or other aspects of last year's tax law--with our other obligations. We must address our homeland security needs, whether it is strengthening airline and port security, improving operations at our borders, or making sure our troops in the field have the training and resources they need. Our constituents are also demanding action on issues that were important prior to September 11. Health care is a crucial issue for individuals and families, and to the businesses who support estate tax repeal. In addition, we cannot lose sight of long-term investments in education, job training and infrastructure. Given what is at stake, we do a disservice to the American people if we simply tell them they can have it all. We have to make choices, and last year the administration and Congress chose not to make estate tax repeal a priority.  While I could not support the estate tax repeal amendment offered by Senators Gramm and Kyl, neither could I support the amendments by my Democratic colleagues. While well intentioned, I believe the nation has moved beyond whether we should repeal the tax. To me, it is not a question of if, but when we repeal the tax and how we pay for it. The alternative amendments offered today would have taken us backwards.  Today is not the last time we will debate estate tax repeal. Between now and the next estate tax vote, I believe Congress and the administration need to reach agreement on a basic budget framework that makes room for estate tax repeal. Unless we repeal the estate tax in the context of a budget agreement, we will just be playing politics instead of making real progress  