 President, I am hoping we will have an agreement and I will be able to offer my amendment shortly, so we can have a time agreement tonight and hopefully move to a vote on this quickly.  To save time, I will now begin a discussion of the amendment I will offer. I hope to shortly send an amendment to the desk on behalf of myself, Senator Snowe, Senator Mikulski, and Senator Boxer.  Every day since the attacks of September 11, the men and women of our Armed Forces have been working overtime--often in hostile, dangerous environments--to protect our citizens and to secure the freedoms and values that we cherish.  This Department of Defense authorization bill will ensure they have the equipment and resources they need to protect us.  Surprisingly, as the women of our military fight for our freedoms overseas, they are actually denied some of those freedoms during their service. Here at home, women have the right to choose. They have constitutionally protected access to safe and legal reproductive health services. But that is not the case for military women serving overseas.  So I will this evening offer an amendment to ensure that military personnel serving overseas have access to safe and legal abortion services. As many of you know, I have offered this amendment for the past several years, and I continue to urge my colleagues to support these efforts.  Under current restrictions, women who have volunteered to serve their country--and female military dependents--are not allowed to exercise their legally guaranteed right to choose--simply because they are serving overseas. These women are committed to protecting our rights as free citizens, yet they are denied one of the most basic rights afforded all women in this country.  This amendment does not--and let me stress does not--require any direct Federal funding of abortion related services. My amendment would require these women to pay for any costs associated with an abortion in a military facility.  In addition, this amendment does not--and again let me stress does not--compel a medical provider to perform abortions. All branches of the military allow medical personnel who have moral, religious or ethical objections to abortion not to participate. This amendment would not change or alter conscience clauses for military medical personnel.  This is an important women's health amendment.  Women should be able to depend on their base hospital and military health care providers to meet all of their health care needs. To single out abortion-related services could jeopardize a women's health.  Opponents of this amendment will argue that the military does now ensure access for women. But under current practices, a woman who requires abortion related services can seek the approval of her commanding officer for transport back to the United States. Once in the United States, she can seek these services at her own expense, but she is not afforded medical leave.  In addition to the serious risk posed by delaying an abortion, this policy compromises a woman's privacy rights by forcing her to release her medical condition and needs to her superiors. She must seek and receive the approval of her commanding officer with no guarantee that this information will be kept confidential.  This policy also forces women to seek abortions outside of the military establishment in foreign countries. Manywomen have little or no understanding of the laws or restrictions in the host country and may have significant language and cultural barriers as well.  In this country, we take for granted the safety of our health care services. When we seek care in a doctor's office or clinic, we assume that all safety and health standards are adhered to. Unfortunately, this is not the case in many countries.  From 1995 until 2000, the previous administration and former Secretary of Defense Cohen supported this amendment. They argued it was an important protection for military personnel and dependents. They did not assume there would be any difficulty carrying out this requirement. They were confident that the Defense Department would be able to determine the cost of these services as well as ensure the availability of providers.  The Department of Defense has been on record in the past in support of this amendment by stating that it was unfair for female service members serving in overseas location to be denied their constitutional right to the full range of reproductive health care. Despite the support of the previous administration, opponents still argued that allowing privately funded abortions in overseas military facilities was somehow beyond the abilities of the Department.  Opponents have argued that there is no way to determine the costs of these services, despite the fact that private hospitals must determine per-unit costs of per-procedure costs, every single day. Opponents also argued that the military might have to contract for these services and assume liability for these contractors. This is no different from what the Department does for all military personnel. If a neurosurgeon or highly trained specialist is required to meet the needs of our military personnel, the Department can and does contract for these services and of course insures the quality of these services by assuming the liability.  I remind my colleagues that prior to 1988, the Department of Defense did allow privately funded abortions at overseas military facilities. Clearly, it can be done. I should also point out that it must be done today in certain circumstances.  Under current law, the Department allows for privately funded abortions in the case of rape or incest. It also may pay for abortions in case of life endangerment.  For our opponents to argue that the Department cannot handle or does not want to be responsible for providing privately funded abortions at overseas military facilities, is to argue that the Department cannot protect military personnel and dependents who have been raped, who are a victim of incest, or whose life is endangered.  Is this what we are saying to the estimated 100,000 women who live on military bases overseas?  Regardless of one's view on abortion, it is simply wrong to place women at risk. Ensuring that women have access to safe, legal, and timely abortion related services is an important health guarantee. It is not a political statement. It is essential that women have access to a full range of reproductive health care services.  This amendment has been supported by: the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the American Medical Women's Association, Physicians for Reproductive Choice and Health, Planned Parenthood of America, National Family Planning and Reproductive Health Association, and the National Partnership for Women and Families. These organizations support this amendment because of its importance to women's health care.  I would also like to read a letter I recently received from retired General Claudia Kennedy, the Army's first woman three-star general. Before she retired in June 2000, she was the highest ranking female officer of her time. She writes:       Dear Senators Snowe and Murray: I am writing to express my      support of your efforts to amend the National Defense      Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 to ensure that      servicewomen and military dependents stationed overseas have      the ability to obtain abortion services in U.S. military      medical facilities using their own, private funds.       The importance of access to abortions for military women      has not been discussed in public media very often, since many      of the issues that related to non-military women also are a      part of the social and medical environment of military women.      However, some distinctions do exist, making it imperative      that our soldiers have access to safe, confidential abortion      services at U.S. military hospitals overseas. Let me just      relate an experience of one of my soldiers about 15 years      ago.       I was a battalion commander of an intelligence battalion in      Augsburg, Germany from 1986 until 1988. One day a non      commissioned officer (NCO), who was one of the battalion's      senior women, came into my office and asked for permission to      take a day off later in the week and to have the same day off      for a young soldier in the battalion. She said the soldier      was pregnant and wanted an abortion--yet had no way to have      an abortion at the U.S. Army medical facility in Augsburg.      She had gotten information about a German clinic in another      city, and they were going there for the procedure. The      soldier did not have enough money to return to the USA for      the abortion. Further, she did not want to have to tell her      predicament to her chain of command in order to get the time      and other assistance to go to the States. I told the NCO to      go with her and to let me know when they had returned.       Later the NCO told me that the experience had been both      mortifying and painful. . . . no pain killer of any sort was      administered for the procedure; the modesty of this soldier      and the other women at the clinic had been violated (due to      different cultural expectation about nudity); and neither she      nor the soldier understood German, and the instructions were      given in almost unintelligible English. I believe that they      were able to get some follow up care for the soldier at the      U.S. Army medical facility. But it was a searing experience      for all of us--that in a very vulnerable time, this American      who was serving her country overseas could not count on the      Army to give her the care she needed.       During that same time frame, and in the early 1990's when I      was a brigade commander of an intelligence brigade in Hawaii,      I noticed that there were Army doctors who displayed posters      which were extremely disapproving of abortion . . . creating      a climate of intimidation for anyone who might want to      discuss what is a legal option. Since the doctors are      officers and far out-rank enlisted soldiers, and since the      soldiers have no way to choose which doctor they see on sick      call, it was only with good luck that a young soldier might      be seen by someone who would treat her decision with the      respect she deserved.       What makes the situation of a soldier different from that      of a civilian woman? She is subject to the orders of the      officers appointed over her. Every hour of her day belongs to      the U.S. Army, and she must have her seniors' permission to      leave her place of duty. She makes very low pay and so relies      on the help of friends and family to pay for travel for      medical care that is not given by the Army.       Of all the reasons we lose soldiers we lose soldiers from      their place of duty (for training, injuries, temporary duty      elsewhere, and other reasons), pregnancy accounts for only 6%      of all reasons for soldier absence. Yet, this feature of      women (that they sometimes become pregnant) is offer cited as      an attribute that makes them less desirable as soldiers.      While I believe that the difficult decision to end a      pregnancy should be completely individual, the institution      cannot have it both ways: to deny women safe and reasonable      access to abortion (in a world in which there is no 100%      effective birth control), and at the same time to complain      that women are pregnant.       I commend your efforts to remove this irrational and      harmful barrier to the health and well-being of our soldiers      serving America.  Madam President, I could not have said it better myself. Our female military personnel deserve better than what they are getting. As we send out troops into the war on terrorism to protect our freedoms, we should ensure that female military personnel are not asked to sacrifice their rights and protections as well.  I recognize the urgency in passing the fiscal year 2003 Defense authorization bill. It provides important support for our military personnel and infrastructure.  I thank the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee for their efforts to move this legislation.  I stand ready to support whatever measures we need to consider to ensure that our military is ready to respond to this new world threat.  I only ask that female military personnel and their dependents be given the support they deserve when serving in overseas military locations.  I yield the floor at this time.  Again, I will offer my amendment as soon as we have a time agreement. Hopefully, that can be very soon because I know we want to vote on this and move on.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Cantwell). The Senator from Nevada.  