 President, 6 years ago, Congress passed a farm bill that simply did not work for farmers in Washington State.  It destroyed the safety net for Washington State wheat growers and did little for other farmers and ranchers in my State. Congress was forced to respond with four consecutive years of emergency payments.  The farm bill before us is not intended to guarantee any Washington farmer a profit. It simply guarantees what it should guarantee: A safety net for our commodity producers when prices are low. That is a fair approach and one I believe the nation can and must support to ensure our long-term food security.  I support this bill because it is a victory for our farmers and ranchers, the working poor and seniors, rural communities, and the environment.  However, this new farm bill is not a perfect one for Washington State. The final bill strikes some provisions that I believe in very strongly, and it makes new policy choices that do not work for my State's producers.  The Senate farm bill would have expanded Washington State exports by lifting the restriction that prohibits private financing of sales of food and medicine to Cuba. Unfortunately, the House leadership remains committed to an irrational, lose-lose policy toward Cuba. As a result, the Senate amendment died in conference.  The House leadership was also responsible for defeating an amendment by Senator Baucus to provide emergency assistance to farmers and ranchers hurt by drought and other natural disasters. Farmers and ranchers throughout the West deserved better on this issue.  I want to say how disappointed I am with the direction this bill takes on dairy policy. On many fronts, from exports to conservation, the bill will help all dairy producers. Unfortunately, the new dairy market loss payments strongly discriminate against West Coast dairy farmers. We had an opportunity to craft a dairy policy that worked for all producers nationwide. Instead, Congress again chose to create regional winners and losers.  The Senate farm bill included my amendment to promote better cooperation between Native American tribes and the U.S. Forest Service. It also included an amendment sponsored by Senator Cantwell that would require the Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Agriculture to investigate any future deaths of forest firefighters in the line of duty. The House refused to adopt these common-sense amendments.  Finally, the Senate farm bill included my amendment that would allow communities to develop plans to bring high-speed access to rural areas. Unfortunately, the House conferees refused to accept it, and it is not included in the final bill.  I look forward to working to pass my legislation to promote rural broadband development and to promote a stronger relationship between tribes and the Forest Service. I also look forward torevisting the other issues I mentioned above in future legislation.  While I am disappointed with a number of decisions made by the conference committee, this new farm bill includes many of the priorities I identified prior to the debate.  I am very pleased the farm bill restores food stamps for legal immigrants who have been in the United States for five years, and it restores food stamps for all children and disabled individuals regardless of how long they have been in the United States. The legal immigrant provision is the centerpiece of a new $6.4 billion investment in better nutrition policy. The bill will also streamline the Food Stamp Program and rationalize the quality control system.  The conference bill helps Washington state recover salmon and improve conservation practices. The $17.1 billion in new conservation spending over the next ten years will promote water conservation, help dairy producers, ranchers, and farmers protect water quality and save farmland and open space from development through an expanded Farmland Protection Program.  The bill enhances economic development in rural communities by providing $100 million in loans and loan guarantees to establish high-speed, high-quality broadband service. The bill also makes an important attempt to reduce the backlog of water and wastewater projects in rural areas.  This new farm bill strengthens our Nation's energy security by investing $405 million in renewable energy and biodiesel development. The Senate bill included the first energy title ever included in a farm bill. Given the uncertain future of the energy bill passed by the Senate, I am pleased this section survived the conference negotiations.  With respect to an issue I have worked for three years on, the farm bill sustains struggling apple growers through $94 million in direct assistance. With Senator Cantwell, I fought hard to include this funding, and I want to thank Senators Daschle and Harkin for their work in protecting this vital assistance in conference.  The conference bill establishes a new safety net program for many eastern Washington farmers by creating marketing loans and loan deficiency payments for producers of dry peas, lentils, and small chickpeas. I was an early cosponsor of similar Senate legislation. Peas, lentils, and chickpeas are important rotational crops for our wheat growers, and they help to break disease cycles.  The bill increases the Market Access Program to $200 million by 2006. In 1999, and again in 2001, I introduce legislation to enhance our agricultural trade promotion programs. The final bill supports my efforts to open and expand overseas markets for U.S. farm products.  The farm bill mandates country-of-origin labeling for meat and fish, and fruits and vegetables. I believe this is a great idea for farmers and ranchers, but also for consumers. However, it is my understanding the conference report would not allow fish caught by U.S. fishermen in international waters to be labeled as produced in the United States. That is a concern to fishermen in my state who fish in international waters.  In another win-win situation for farmers and consumers, the final bill increases purchases of fruits and vegetables for federal feeding programs. That means better nutrition for our young people and a larger market for our fruit and vegetable growers.  Finally, I want to mention an amendment I authored that was included in the Senate bill and the final bill. My amendment authorizes emergency assistance for farmworkers when natural disasters strike. While Congress has often been slow to provide natural disaster assistance to farmers and ranchers, it has rarely provided meaningful assistance to farmworkers. We should not ignore these workers when disaster strikes.  Implementing this farm bill will not be easy and there will be challenges along the way. I look forward to working with my farmer, ranchers, and rural communities to ensure that we implement this bill quickly and fairly.  