 President, I rise to lend my support for Senator Craig's amendment to strip the electricity title from the energy bill. I believe that addressing electricity in major legislation, at this time, would not be good for the Nation.  The electricity title does not protect consumers the way it should. We have not fully evaluated the effects of this bill on energy consumers, particularly small consumers.  I am uncomfortable with the direction of the electricity title in moving authority away from State regulators to the FERC.  Last year, the west went through a terrible electricity crisis which consumers are still paying for and workers still remain out of work.  Also, in this past year we saw the collapse of Enron.  We are still trying to fully understand the causes and effects of these two events. Hearings are occurring and legal proceedings are ongoing. House and Senate committees as well as numerous Federal and local government agencies are still trying to find out what happened with Enron and why. Many people lost their jobs and many more people lost their savings and retirement accounts.  I do not believe we should move forward on major electricity market restructuring legislation before we completely understand what happened. Enacting broad, far reaching electricity market restructuring legislation before we understand what occurred would be a big mistake.  FERC has been forcing the development of Regional Transmission Organizations around the country in recent years. I have spoken with Chairman Wood and the other commissioners about my concern that their vision of RTOs may not fit with the structure of the Northwest electricity operations and market.  As I have stated earlier FERC is already exercising its broad authority and the national electricity market is rapidly changing. Enron, a major electricity market participant, collapsed late last year. We are still trying to sort out what occurred.  In the Pacific Northwest, energy isn't just a commodity. It is a resource that affects everything from our economy to our air, our water, agriculture, salmon recovery, and our quality of life.  We should not make the same mistake California made, by restructuring the electricity markets, before all the issues have been thoroughly explored and resolved.  Nearly everything I am hearing from people in my State is that they do not like this electricity title. They do not feel it is in their best interests. They are concerned about the direction FERC will take.  I am also concerned that all market participants have not had an opportunity to review this legislation and have not had an opportunity to provide meaningful input. We need to make sure the legislation is thoroughly reviewed and discussed before we enact major legislation.  This is a $200 billion industry. If bad legislation is passed, the consequences will be significant.  The amendment is not perfect. I am unhappy to see the good provisions of the electricity title removed. I am particularly unhappy that the amendment does not promote renewable and diverse electricity sources. However, Senator Craig's amendment is preferable to the existing provisions in the electricity title.  