 President, I rise to express my opposition to the confirmation of Judge Dennis Shedd to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, and the confirmation of Professor Michael McConnell to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.  At every level of the Federal court system, federal judges have a tremendous impact on the rights and protections of all Americans. The federal judiciary effectively ended segregation and ensured a woman's right to reproductive choice. Every day we count on federal judges to protect our civil rights and liberties.  The Senate serves as the only effective check on the Federal judiciary. The Constitution gives the Senate the power to advise and consent to the President's judicial appointments. These are lifetime appointments. Furthermore, because the U.S. Supreme Court hears only a few cases, the Circuit Courts of Appeals are often the courts of last resort for citizens seeking justice from the federal bench. As Senators, we have a constitutional responsibility to evaluate these candidates.  I believe judicial candidates should be experienced, even-handed, possess a fair judicial temperament, and be committed to upholding the rights and liberties of all Americans.  Dennis Shedd does not meet that standard. He has failed to show this Senator that he possesses the characteristics necessary to receive a lifetime appointment to the Circuit Court of Appeals.  As a Federal District Court Judge, Shedd's rulings and actions on the bench indicate he lacks the even-handedness we expect from our federal judges. He has consistently sided with employers in workplace discrimination suits on issues ranging from sexual harassment to race and age discrimination. In fact, in his 11 years on the Federal bench not a single plaintiff in a civil rights or employment discrimination case has prevailed in his courtroom.  His willingness to inject his own personal bias about the rights of individuals shows he also lacks the requisite judicial temperament we should require in a Federal judge. He has shown hostility to those seeking justice from the bench by assisting the defense and granting summary judgment for the defense in a disproportionate number of cases.  Aside from employee rights and discrimination cases, he has also shown an unwillingness to uphold the basic civil liberties and rights of all Americans. He has favored a state government's ability to violate an individual's right of privacy by selling their personal information despite a federal law to the contrary. He also struck down part of the Family and Medical Leave Act, FMLA, by arguing a State cannot be sued under FMLA due to sovereign immunity.  He has further shown a disregard for protecting the rights of voters, and has displayed an insensitivity on issues concerning race.  Considering his history of narrowly interpreting the rights of individualsand his hostility toward civil liberty protections, we can only assume he would not uphold the civil liberty of privacy, including honoring the Roe v. Wade decision. In fact, at his confirmation hearing he refused to commit to upholding the fundamental right of reproductive freedom.  Dennis Shedd's record clearly illustrates he is not even-handed, that he lacks the right temperament for the appeals bench, and that he has consistently failed to protect the rights and liberties of our people. He should not be confirmed for the Federal appeals court. I urge my colleagues to vote against this nomination.  I would also like to express my opposition to Professor Michael McConnell's recent confirmation to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.  Professor McConnell has consistently expressed strong opposition to protecting civil rights and liberties, going so far as to call the Roe case ``a gross misinterpretation of the Constitution.'' He has also argued, contrary to existing law, that abortion protestors have a ``constitutional right to protect against abortion--forcefully and face-to-face.''  He holds extreme opinions on the separation of church and state and other key civil rights protections. Professor McConnell has severely criticized the Supreme Court's 8 to 1 decision in Bob Jones University v. United States. In that case, the Supreme Court held that the IRS may deny tax-exempt status to a religious school with racially discriminatory policies. Professor McConnell wrote that the racial discriminatory practices at Bob Jones University should be tolerated because they were religious in nature. He has also argued for giving religious institutions preferential treatment and has advocated direct federal funding of religious institutions. Clearly, Professor McConnell's opinion on the separation of church and state strays far from the mainstream and far from generally recognized conservative legal analysis.  Finally, Professor McConnell has argued for weakening both statutory and constitutional protections against discrimination based on race, gender, and sexual orientation through exemptions for private entities.  Like Judge Shedd, I believe Professor McConnell lacks the basic qualities needed to serve on the Federal appellate bench.  