 President, I rise today to express my deep disappointment that the Murray/Snowe amendment was dropped, once again, in conference.  The Murray/Snowe amendment would guarantee that women serving in our military overseas have access to safe, affordable and legal abortions. This amendment passed the Senate on a 52 to 40 vote. A similar amendment also passed in 1996 and was dropped in conference. Once again, reproductive health care needs of women were abandoned behind closed doors.  The DOD authorization bill before us today will ensure that our men and women in the armed forces have the equipment and resources they need to protect us. Every day our service men and women work overtime, often in hostile, dangerous environments to protect our citizens and to secure the freedoms and values we cherish. They deserve our full support.  Suprisingly, as the women of our military, fight for our freedoms overseas, they are actually denied some of these freedoms during their service. Here at home, women have the right to chose. They have constitutionally-protected access to safe and legal reproductive health services. But, this is not the case for women serving overseas. The Murray/Snowe amendment would have ensured that women serving in the military are not forced to check their rights at the U.S. border.  Under current restrictions, women who have volunteered to serve their country are not allowed to exercise their legally guaranteed right to make their own reproductive health decisions simply because they are serving overseas.  These women are committed to protecting our rights as free citizens, yet they are denied one of the most basic rights afforded women in this country. Our amendment would not, and let me stress does not require any direct federal funding of abortion related services. The amendment would have required women to pay for any direct costs associated with an abortion in a military facility. The Murray/Snowe amendment does not, and again let me stress does not, compel a medical provider to perform abortions. All branches of the military allow medical personnel who have religious or ethical objections to abortion not to participate. Finally, this amendment would not have changed or altered conscience clauses for military medical personnel. This is an important and critical women's health issue. Women should be able to depend on their base hospital and military health care providers to meet all of their health care needs, including reproductive health. To single out abortion-related services could jeopardize a woman's health.  Opponents of this amendment have argued that the military does ensure access for women. Under current practices, a woman who requires abortion related services can seek the approval of her commanding officer for transport back to the U.S. as unscheduled leave: not medical leave, but unscheduled leave.  In addition to the serious risk posed by delaying an abortion, this policy compromises a woman's privacy rights by forcing her to release her medical condition and needs to her superiors. This policy also forces women to seek abortions outside of the military establishment in foreign countries. Many women have little or no understanding of the laws or restrictions in the host country and may have significant language and cultural barriers as well.  In this country, we take for granted the safety of our health care services. When we seek care in a doctor's office or clinic, we assume that all safety and health standards are adhered to. Unfortunately, this is not the case in many other countries.  In addition, many of our military personnel serve in areas that are hostile to women's reproductive rights and choices. In some countries, women can be severely punished for seeking abortion-related services or family planning. This is the environment that many women face.  Regardless of one's view on abortion, it is simply wrong to place women at risk. This amendment would have required the women to pay the full cost associated with the abortion. It would prohibit any direct federal funding.  Ensuring that women have access to safe, legal and timely abortion related services is an important health guarantee. It is not a political statement. It is essential that women have access to a full range of reproductive health care services. That's why the Murray/Snowe amendment was endorsed by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the Americans Medical Women's Association, Physicians for Reproductive Choice and Health, Planned Parenthood of America, National Family Planning and Reproductive Health Association, and the National Partnership for Women and Families.  As we send out troops into the war on terrorism to protect our safety and freedoms, we should ensure that female military personnel are not asked to sacrifice their rights and protections as well. Allowing extreme ideology to dictate military health care policy is simply wrong. Women have suffered a major set back today. Dropping the Murray/Snowe amendment sends the wrong message to our military servicewomen. It is simply wrong to deny women their basic rights behind closed doors.  I will not give up. I will be back again to fight for this important reproductive health care protection. Eventually, we will do the right thing and enact the Murray/Snowe amendment.  