 I think it is very clear that there are a lot of details that still need to be worked out.  I thank Senator Byrd for his leadership and his patience in raising the questions that must be raised to improve our security and our safety.  I want to make sure we don't just ``do something'' about security, but that we do the right thing. Let's face it, it takes time to get the simple things right. I have been working with the Transportation Security Administration now for months on airline security and we still have not worked out all of the issues. It took a long time for us to get the National Guard to deploy to our northern border. In creating this new Department, I want to make sure we get it right.  Three weeks ago, I spoke on the Senate floor and raised a number of questions, and at this point I am still troubled by the lack of answers I have received. There are many different ways to set up this Department. The President has offered one way. His proposal was created in a short amount of time by a few officials meeting at the White House in secret. We don't know how the President's proposal will balance the security and the economic needs of the American people.  As I have stated before, I have two major concerns. First, we have not yet figured out how to fulfill our traditional missions and the new security missions at the same time. If we combine these various agencies into one massive Homeland Security Department, how are we going to meet the traditional mission?  Just look at the Coast Guard. Since September 11, the Coast Guard has shifted resources away from their traditional missions to homeland defense. That is an appropriate response, but it comes at a cost. What the shift in resources means to the average American is that the Coast Guard is now spending less time interdicting drugs and illegal immigrants, enforcing fishery and marine safety laws, and protecting our marine environment. Yet the need for the Coast Guard to perform these vital missions is as important today as it was before the attack on our country.  Unfortunately, we have not figured out how to effectively carry out both missions at the same time. I would like to know how one massive Department, focused primarily on security, will more effectively address all of our safety and security needs.  Secondly, I am very concerned about how this new Department will function. The administration has asked for unprecedented power and control over this proposed Department. The President wants to change the personnel rules so he can have what he calls flexibility. From what I understand, the administration already has flexibility under current law.  In addition to dramatic new controls over workers, the administration wants the power to move money around without congressional input. From what I have seen so far, that is pretty scary news for families in my State of Washington.  Right now, I can fight to make sure that the needs in my State are being met. But if the administration gets this unprecedented authority, then accountants in the Office of Management and Budget will decide what is important to the people in my home State. If that happens, my constituents are going to lose out--at a cost to their safety and their security.  So we need to better understand and define all of the missions in the various agencies. We need to make sure they continue to fulfill their traditional missions. That is why I support the Byrd amendment. It will allow us to move forward in a pragmatic manner that allows us to do this right. It is essential for our economic security and our future safety.  I urge my colleagues to support the Byrd amendment.  