Speaker, I am proud to support the Affordable Health Care for America Act, a bill that will significantly improve our healthcare system.  For too long, our healthcare system has allowed millions of Americans to go uninsured, tolerated egregious and abusive business practices by big insurance and pharmaceutical companies, and ignored skyrocketing costs. It has diminished our nation's collective health and drained our economy. The Affordable Health Care for America Act represents a significant effort to address the iniquities of our current healthcare system.  Specifically, the Affordable Health Care for America Act strengthens the healthcare market for all Americans. For those with insurance, the measure would establish benefits to be included in all health insurance options, including preventative care, mental health services, and dental and vision services for children. Additionally, the measure would establish annual and lifetime out-of-pocket spending caps to ensure that no family faces bankruptcy due to medical expenses. And the Affordable Health Care for America Act would eliminate the decades-long exemption of health insurance companies from federal anti-trust laws, enabling the regulation of abusive business practices.  For those without insurance, the Affordable Health Care for America Act would establish a public health insurance option to compete with--not replace--private insurance plans. The public health insurance option would aim to provide more Americans with healthcare coverage and would be financed through its premiums. The measure would allow the Secretary of Health and Human Services to negotiate physician and hospital rates for the public option and would prohibit insurance companies from denying coverage based on a pre-existing condition.  Importantly, the measure would repeal the prohibition on negotiating with pharmaceutical companies and would require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to negotiate the prices of prescription medications for Medicare beneficiaries. It is my sincere hope that these negotiations will ameliorate the high out-of-pocket costs for prescription medications faced by our seniors. Additionally, the Affordable Health Care for America Act would provide savings to the Medicare programs by improving payment accuracy to Medicare Advantage.  The Affordable Health Care for America Act would reduce the costs to small businesses, America's economic engine, by establishing a Health Insurance Exchange where these businesses will benefit from large group rates and a greater choice of insurance options for their employees. Further, the measure would provide tax credits to eligible small businesses for assistance with the costs of providing health insurance to their employees.  Finally, the Affordable Health Care for America Act is not only fully paid for, but according to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office it would reduce the deficit by $104 billion over the next ten years and would continue to reduce the deficit in the following decade.  Through these provisions and others I believe that the Affordable Health Care for America Act will accomplish my goals for healthcare reform, namely to give more security and stability to those who have health insurance, to provide affordable, quality options to those who do not have health insurance, and to lower the cost of healthcare for families, businesses, and society.   Although this bill may not be perfect, it will improve our healthcare system. It is the result of a lengthy, transparent process that has helped the bill evolve and improve at each step of the way. I will continue to closely monitor the legislation's progress.   Voting for comprehensive healthcare reform at long last was a gratifying experience. I believe that a generation from now people will ask the question, what took us so long?  