Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I would say to my dear friend from California, I like his idea raising 100 percent of the money within the district. I recognize that that is probably not realistic, and so I believe that half of the money should be raised within the Congressional districts that Members represent.  We heard earlier that maybe not even 10 percent is an acceptable number. Well, what is an acceptable number? We know that there are people who run for Congress that 99 percent of their money is raised outside of their district. I do not think the American public agrees to that. As the gentleman from Connecticut knows, I came here six years ago almost and have been talking about this 50 percent provision since I came here to Congress.  I think most Americans believe that you should raise at least 50 percent of the money within your Congressional District. I do not think it is outrageous. I do not think there is anything wrong with this.  As far as a wealthy candidate running in a Congressional district, I would say that any of us would have a problem if we were running against a very wealthy candidate, any of us. But, saying that, I would accept a perfecting amendment that would waive the rule if a wealthy candidate gets involved in a campaign and spends, say, $100,000, to take care of that problem. I recognize that.  But what we are talking about here is 50 percent of the money within the district. I think it is reasonable. I think most people would expect folks to come back and raise money. It is difficult. None of us like going to all the fund raisers we need to go to back home, getting back home and putting together these events. It is a lot easier having an event here in Washington, D.C., or somewhere elsewhere where you can raise a significant amount of money. But this is, I think, an important responsibility.  I would hope that all Members would accept this amendment. I think it is the right thing to do.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore (Mr. Barr of Georgia). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. Calvert).  The question was taken; and the Chairman announced that the noes appeared to have it.  