Speaker, first, let me thank Chairman Lewis and Ranking Member Stokes for their leadership in crafting this Conference Report.  As always, my good friend from California has presented this House with a bill that will improve the livelihood of our nation's veterans, preserve housing programs and maintain our commitment to scientific excellence at NASA, the National Science Foundation, and the EPA.  We are all aware of the Chairman's dedication to a healthy environment. By authoring the California Clean Air Act, Mr. Lewis made possible the environmental advancements our region in southern California has experienced in recent years.  I share his dedication to clean air and a healthy environment. And I stand in strong support of the language in the Conference Report regarding the Administration's misguided Kyoto Protocol.  I went to Kyoto last December and talked to many of the international key players there. I was interested to hear from Chinese representatives that they had no intention of adhering to this international agreement.  Because China will become the number one emitter of Carbon Dioxide sometime in the next two decades, the treaty doesn't work.  I also held three hearings in my Science Subcommittee on Energy and the Environment before attending the conference. At those hearings, top climatologists told us that no clear scientific evidence exists indicating that there is human-induced global warming.  So, the treaty will not work and the science doesn't show that we need it. But that is not the only reason to support the language in the Conference Report.  I also support the language because it stops this Administration from implementing the Kyoto Treaty without Senate ratification. If they were able to do so they would be ignoring the sanctity of the Constitution.  If the President believes this treaty is good for America, let him send it to the Senate so it can be weighed on its merits in a full and open debate. That is what the Constitution demands.  Again, I thank Chairman Lewis and Ranking Member Stokes for their excellent work on this Conference Report and urge a yes vote.  Mr. McINTOSH. Mr. Speaker, the Kyoto Protocol is a bad deal for America. In the face of inconclusive science, this treaty goes too far, too fast, and involves too few countries. The fact is that, even if we stopped operating every car, truck, boat, train, and airplane in this country, the energy savings still would not be enough to meet the U.S. commitments under the Protocol.  Moreover, under this treaty, all of the burdens are imposed on the industrialized countries, while the developing countries enjoy allthe benefits. Huge emissions producers like China, India, South Korea, Brazil, and Mexico are totally excluded from any commitments. As a result, even if every developed country were to achieve its emissions reduction obligations, there still would be not net reduction in greenhouse gas emissions.  Without global participation, this country could well face crippling economic consequences: the elimination of millions of American jobs, significant increases in our energy prices, and deterioration of our standard of living. Given the scientific uncertainties, we don't need a Kyoto Protocol that hamstrings our future and leaves this country incapable of coping with real crises. Needless to say we cannot countenance any Administration attempts to make this treaty a reality before it is submitted to the Senate for advice and consent and before Congress can agree upon any necessary implementing legislation and regulations.  The Clinton/Gore Administration has recognized the Protocol's deficiencies and promised that it will not submit this treaty for ratification until there is ``meaningful participation'' by developing countries. Under Secretary of State Elizenstat also has repeatedly disavowed any intention of the Administration to implement the Protocol before it is submitted to the Senate.  But these assurances notwithstanding, EPA has taken actions that strongly suggest that the Administration may be trying to jump the gun on Congress and issue rules and regulations through the back-door. Take for example, EPA's attempt to cap carbon emissions in the Administration's electric utility restructuring plan. An internal Agency memorandum that was provided to my Subcommittee revealed that EPA saw this proposal as a ``concrete step to move forward domestically on global warming while continuing to work for progress internationally in follow-up to Kyoto.''  In a hearing before my Subcommittee, an EPA official also testified that the agency has the authority to regulate the carbon dioxide that we exhale every day as an air pollutant under the Clean Air Act, as if it were the same as other air pollutants, such as sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, or mercury, that are already regulated.  We have to pass the bipartisan funding limitation in H.R. 4194 to put the breaks on back-door regulatory actions. We cannot allow EPA to make an end-run around fundamental democratic procedures to advance the Administration's social engineering.  The Kyoto Protocol is a fundamentally flawed treaty. Our only safeguard against this bad deal is our constitutional process of Senate advice and consent. The Clinton/Gore Administration must be held to its promises to Congress and the American public, while the treaty remains a ``work-in-progress,'' and while the Clinton/Gore Administration continues to ``explore'' ways to achieve ``meaningful participation.'' This is a global issue. ``Meaningful participation'' must mean global participation by all countries. We will settle for nothing less.  