Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Santa Clara, California (Mr. McKeon), my good friend.  Mr. McKEON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding this time to me.  I am pleased to rise today in support of one of the most important pieces of environmental legislation that we will consider this year. Our late friend, Sonny Bono, worked hard and in a bipartisan manner to bring about awareness for the Salton Sea and would be proud that his efforts are now rewarded.  Mr. Speaker, the Salton Sea is a unique body of water, and it is a greatresource that should be preserved. Although it was created by accident 93 years ago, it is a potential jewel that we should do all that we can to save. However, the sea is unfortunately dying. According to studies, in only 12 years this body of water will become dead. It will not support life. Further complicating this problem is the presence of botulism in the water that has affected the native fish. As the fish become infected in the water, birds along the Pacific flyway eat the fish and retain and spread the disease. Since last year alone some 10,000 fish and 2,000 birds have perished.  Why is this important? Should the Salton Sea continue its decline to death, it will take with it many more birds and fish, thus robbing California and our Nation of a valuable environmental resource.  H.R. 3267 addresses these concerns and takes quick action to save this important body of water. This legislation provides funding for research, environmental review and engineering designs to stabilize the shoreline of the Salton Sea and reduce its salinity. It also provides for an expedited judicial review to ensure that this area will not become hostage to a lengthy court fight, given its relative short life expectancy.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation and the hard work that our colleague and my friend, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Bono), has made to improve our environment and finish the work begun by her late husband, Sonny.  