Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from California. As my colleagues can probably tell, he is not feeling well and so I will fill in for our able friend from California. I have a statement to read on his behalf.  Mr. Speaker, I appear on behalf of the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Don Young) for consideration of H.R. 3267, authored by our colleague the gentleman from California (Mr. Duncan Hunter).  As many of my colleagues are aware, restoration of the Salton Sea was a primary concern of our late colleague, Sonny Bono. This bill, H.R. 3267, the Sonny Bono Memorial Salton Sea Reclamation Act, is designed to promote Sonny's dream of quickly and effectively restoring the Salton Sea.  This legislation will provide the authority to deal with issues affecting salinity and water levels at the Salton Sea. A great deal of work has been done to evaluate the causes of increased salinity as well as the periodic inundation and exposure of lands around the Sea. If we are ever to find and implement the solutions, the time for action is upon us. Water quality is at an all time low. The Sea can no longer serve as the recreation resource it once was, and wildlife populations continue to be adversely affected.  Land, recreational, and ecological values associated with the Sea have declined over the last two decades, due in large part to the rising salinity and surface elevation. Without efforts to reduce and stabilize the salinity levels, they will continue to rise and will have severe impacts on surrounding landowners, individuals who wish to use the Sea for recreation, and the existing fish and wildlife species.  H.R. 3267 establishes the process for determining and implementing an engineering solution to save the Sea, while also continuing the analysis to evaluate and ensure the long-term health of the Sea's wildlife populations. Additionally, this measure will authorize a water reclamation project along the New and Alamo Rivers, the major sources of water flowing into the Sea.  With that, Mr. Speaker, we obviously are in favor of moving this bill and opposing the Miller substitute.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  