Speaker, the House has now acted and reversed the position taken by a majority of the Members last Friday. Those who took the position that we should have 17 individual riders in this bill, which virtually weaken the environmental protection for families across America, have prevailed. They have had a big weekend. They have reached Members to solidify their votes and other Members to win their votes, but unfortunately, the real losers here are the families which count on this Government to protect them from unseen hazards in air and water.  If we have made the decision this evening that this Environmental Protection Agency will not enforce the law, the question on this vote is whether or not this Environmental Protection Agency will still be able to protect American families from the dangers of cancer-causing substances: Arsenic, dioxin, benzene, lead, and known carcinogens.  Mr. Speaker, it is clear that lobbyists and special interests are playing fast and loose with cancer and lead contamination. In the name of ending regulation, we are leaving American families vulnerable. We are exposing them to the risk of cancer, and our children to the danger of lead poisoning.  For those who argue, Mr. Speaker, that this is part of the new revolution, let me tell them this is a no-course-correction when it comes to regulation. It is a full-scale retreat from environmental safeguards which have been accepted by responsible businesses, which have been implemented by public health officials across the Nation, and have been counted on by American families to protect them from these dangers. These Republican-inspired proposals will reduce environmental standards on deadly chemicals like arsenic, benzene, dioxin, lead, and other cancer-causing substances.  This particularly endangers children in America and the elderly. They are the first to be vulnerable to this contamination. We now have a chance to at least demonstrate some conscience when it comes to environmental safeguards.  For those who voted against my amendment earlier, the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Wilson], and I, saying the 167 riders have been stricken, they are back in the bill; 17 exceptions, 17 exceptions for special interest groups that want to get off the hook. We cannot get off the hook. We have to face the music. What we are facing here are the kinds of dangers which in fact will take human lives.  I beg the Members, at the very least, make it clear. The Environmental Protection Agency can establish these standards and protect our families. Say to the lobbyists and special interest groups, We are going to draw the line at cancer. We are going to draw the line at contamination by lead poisoning. We are going to draw the line when it comes to the public health of America. That is the least we can do this evening. The question now for each of us is whether or not we can stand for that safeguard. I hope that we will.  