Speaker, let me commend the chairman of the subcommittee and the ranking minority member for many, many good things in this piece of legislation.  But let me also say there are things in here which I find very troubling. We are in the midst of a budget deficit debate here which involves almost impossible choices of things that we have to cut. There are proposals from the Republican side of the aisle for deep cuts in the Medicare Program, deep cuts in programs providing health care for poor children, for elderly people in nursing homes, cuts in education programs, cuts in environmental programs. And here we have a bill where we are being asked to spend $7 billion more than the administration requested.  Let me focus on one particular item of expenditure, the B-2 bomber. The B-2 bomber was designed to fight the Soviet Union. The Soviet Union, as we knew it, no longer exists, and yet the contractor that builds the planes has enough political muscle in the House of Representatives to force us to add in this bill 20 new B-2 bombers at a cost of $31 billion.  Let me tell you about the B-2 bomber. First, it does not work. This bomber, despite the money we have invested in it, its radar cannot tell the difference between a cloud and a mountain. Now, that is a very difficult problem facing a pilot when you cannot tell the difference.  Second, it costs too much, at least $1.5 billion to $2 billion per plane.  Third, we do not need it, since the Soviet Union is gone.  And, fourth, the Pentagon says they do not want it. But we are still pressing forward with this defense pork barrel for one contractor, $31 billion.  We have to make choices in politics. Let me tell you what I would do with the $31 billion. Personally, I would more than double the investment we make each year in the National Institutes of Health medical research. I honestly believe that families across America would feel much more secure at home knowing that we are spending money looking for a cure for cancer, looking for a cure for AIDS, fighting diseases which ravage families across America and around the world. That is a much more important investment than more B-2 bombers.  Second, I would make certain we do not make the education cut called for by the Gingrich Republicans. They want to cut college student loans by $10 billion while we are building these B-2 bombers. Kids from working families find it tough enough to afford college today. The Republicans are increasing the cost of that college education. Take the $10 billion they would cut, put it into college education.  And, finally, I would give full deductibility to self-employed people, I am talking about small businesses here and farmers, for their health insurance. More and more Americans are starting their own businesses, and that is good for our economy. The biggest single problem they face is the cost of health care. We allow big corporations to duck the full cost. Small companies should be allowed to.  You do those three things with the B-2 bomber money, and I think this country is better off.  Mr. McINNIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  First of all, I think that the previous speaker points out that the President's budget that this conference report comes out above that, I think he should kind of paint the entire picture.  No. 1, this conference report is $746 million less than the House report. No. 2, nearly $400 million less than the bill that we passed a year ago.  Paint the entire picture.  Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/4\ minutes to the gentleman from California [Mr. Dornan].  