Ewing, for giving me the opportunity to speak today, and also for sponsoring this important special order.  I would also like to acknowledge to the Speaker that on the floor today we have a former colleague from our State of Illinois, Terry Bruce, who served in this House of Representatives for many years with Ed Madigan, and wanted to be here as part of the audience, at least, in this special order. I am glad that he could attend. He and I both counted Ed Madigan, a Republican, a good Republican, as a good friend of our party and our side of the aisle, particularly when it came to issues of importance to Illinois.  It is hard to believe, I still cannot believe, that Ed has passed away. Only 10 weeks passed between the announcement of his serious illness, the lung cancer that he faced, and our attendance at a memorable funeral in Lincoln, IL, paying tribute to him as a man and as a public servant.  One of the people in the crowd whose name should be mentioned today is Chuck Hilty. Chuck I think was at Ed's side forever. I never saw the two of them apart. From Ed's service in the House of Representatives, on the Agriculture Committee, and the Department of Agriculture, Chick Hilty was always at his side, not only as his trusted assistant but as his close friend. He was one of his pallbearers on that day of the funeral in Lincoln.  I saw Bob Michel here earlier, and I am sure he has been acknowledged, but as our former minority leader, I know he wanted to be on the floor as part of this special order. His eulogy for Ed Madigan was memorable. He brought to it a vision of the man and a level of emotion that was truly genuine, and I think each of us in the church that day felt that Bob Michel represented all of us in public life who had known Ed Madigan so well.  The term and phrase ``gentleman'' is used so often in our country and in our society and in this Chamber, ``Will the gentleman yield?'' and so forth. But when I think of Ed Madigan, I think he was truly a gentle man, soft spoken.  In a business where a lot of politicians will roar, Ed Madigan never raised his voice. In a business where a lot of people get red in the face and waive their arms to try to get something done, Ed Madigan never stooped to that, and yet was probably one of the most effective Congressmen whom I have known in this Chamber.  He used the art of gentle persuasion. How many times he would call me from the Agriculture Committee and ask me to make a tough vote, never suggesting to me what the politics were, but just saying ``I think this is a good thing to do,'' and it made its impression.  Then serving in the Illinois delegation, as Mr. Ewing and I have the honor to do, we have had an unusual tradition of bipartisan delegation meetings. We meet each month, hang our hats at the door, Democrats and Republicans come in and gather in the room as residents [[Page H198]] of Illinois to try to solve problems. Ed was always there, not only as a member of the delegation, but also as Secretary of Agriculture.  When the time came, and I think the suggestion was originally from Mr. Michel, that we as a delegation join in writing a letter to President Bush encouraging him to name Ed Madigan as Secretary of Agriculture, it was unanimous. Every member of the delegation, Democrat and Republican, came forward and stated, ``He is the right choice for the job,'' and boy, was he. What a great Secretary of Agriculture.  A lot of my friends who are farmers back in Illinois often wonder about whether Ed was raised on a farm. Well, he wasn't, but you would never have known it. He had spent a lifetime here becoming more familiar with agricultural issues and policies than any person who was born on a farm might be. He brought that knowledge and understanding to the job as Secretary of Agriculture.  My Friend, Congressman Lewis from California, referred to his sense of honor. I recall visiting him at the Department of Agriculture in this beautiful office reserved for the Secretary. I was complimenting him on his wonderful office. He said, ``You know, Dick, I have been here a long time and I still haven't figured out how to get the heat on in this office. I have called a number of people in. You can just understand what kind of bureaucracy I have to go through just to get the heat on in my office.''  Ed was always taking things lightly when it came to himself personally, but taking his job very, very seriously.  I liked him, too, because you could come to him   and deal in honest terms with him. You could talk to him about things that were important to you and know that the message would go no further. You could talk to him about political concerns and know that he would be honest, and would try to deal with you in an honest fashion.  I really respected him for that, and time and time again I came to value his judgment and his friendship.  The last time I saw him alive was in the runway of the Rayburn Building near the subway. We just chanced across one another. He said, ``You know, now that I am out of politics, I can come in and campaign for you.'' I said, ``I would be glad to have you and honored to have you support my candidacy.''  I dropped him a note and said, ``You have to hang on. I may not need you in this election, but I may need you later on.'' He was a wonderful man. He was that kind of guy. You knew his friendship meant a lot.  I thank the gentleman from Illinois for bringing this special order. I think the number of people who have come together to the floor this afternoon are evidence of the kind of legacy which Ed Madigan has left in this Chamber; certainly in our State of Illinois, and definitely in his beloved home town of Lincoln, IL.  I will miss him. I wish there were more like him around here. He has left a good lesson in his life for those of us who follow, that we should try to lead our lives a little more closely to his model.  