Speaker, I would like to follow up on the earlier discussion by the gentleman and the gentlewoman from California about Medicare.  I think it is critically important for us to focus on the fact that when we are talking about Medicare, we are not necessarily just confining our interest to the health care of our parents and grandparents. Some of us who are advancing in age look to Medicare just a few years down the line to take care of them, too.  But the bottom line is that Medicare and Medicaid, the other Government health care program, are major sources of funding for hospitals across the United States. In my small-town district in Illinois, I have many, many hospitals, and I find that 60 percent to 80 percent of the revenue coming into those hospitals comes from those two Government programs, Medicare and Medicaid.  So when I hear suggestions made, as I have from some Republican leaders who are trying to come up with a budget, that they want to make cuts of billions of dollars in Medicare funds in out years, it not only should cause concern among seniors and people soon to be seniors as to whether they will have to pay more out of pocket, it also raises a serious question as to whether or not these hospitals will receive enough revenue to keep their doors open.  Those who visit with the hospital administrators and boards know that there have been dramatic changes in these hospitals in rural and small town America over the last 10 years. Most of them have downsized, there are fewer patient beds, there is more outpatient service, and they depend dramatically on Medicare and Medicaid to continue to keep their doors open.  We just finished last week in Ames, IA, a rural conference with President Clinton and Vice President Gore talking about the future of small-town America. A lot of concentration was put on bringing new jobs and keeping businesses in rural America. What we found is that when the Chamber of Commerce or the local boosters want to bring in a business or keep one, they have to answer some basic questions. The first question is: Do you have a hospital? How many doctors do you have?  So when we talk about changing a Federal program for medical care, reducing the expenditure and literally threatening the bottom line of rural and small-town hospitals, the ripple effect goes far beyond the jobs at that hospital. It goes far beyond whether or not that ambulance has to drive 5 minutes or 50 minutes with a patient who is in critical need. It goes to the question of whether or not the community survives.  Members of Congress fight battles day in and day out to keep Federal facilities open in small towns. We know how important they are. There is nothing more important than a hospital. Absolutely nothing. In rural America, it is critically important because we have an older population. Many of them are in farming, the most dangerous occupation in America, and a lot of them get involved in automobile accidents in rural areas at higher speeds with more injuries.  So all these debates that we hear on Capitol Hill about budget resolutions and the future of Medicare have dramatic importance to people living in small town America. They had better tune in.  Let me tell you, also, as I listen to this debate, I am really troubled. The Republicans yesterday, Mr. Dole, Mr. Gingrich, tossed down the gauntlet and said, ``President Clinton, why haven't you told us anything about health care reform?''  Excuse me? This President was here 2 years ago with a proposal on health care reform. It was one that was detailed. Perhaps it was overly bureaucratic, maybe it was too large in its scope, but he accepted the challenge long before they issued it. He came to us and said, ``Let's look at the integrated health care system of America and how we can help Medicare, Medicaid, uninsured people, and the private sector,'' and it fell on deaf ears.  The insurance industry ran over him like a steamroller, and that was the end of the debate. Now the Republican leaders have discovered the issue again because the problem is still there. The problem is there in terms of human terms and in terms of budget terms.  I sincerely hope that we can come to some sort of bipartisan dialog on this. But I think honestly before that occurs that the Republican leaders, particularly those in the House, are going to have to basically admit the reality that they cannot have a tax cut package which adds more to our Nation's deficit at the time that they are talking about cutting a program as critical as Medicare.  I think if they drop that whole Republican tax bill and then say, ``Let's come to the table,'' we have got a real opportunity for bipartisanship. But why in the world should my senior citizens, should my small towns and should my neighbors lose a community hospital critical for the future of that community in order to give tax breaks to the wealthiest people in America under the Republican Contract With America? That does not compute. You cannot give a tax credit large enough to a family to make up for the loss of a hospital when there is serious need, when that family needs that medical care.  I yield to the gentlewoman from California.  [[Page H4529]] 