Speaker, I was in my office this morning watching the proceedings of the House, and it brought to mind a movie which I liked very much, called ``Groundhog Day'' with Bill Murray. Every time the clock radio went off in that movie, on would come the former speaker, Congressman Bono, singing ``I Got You, Babe.'' No matter what morning came along, every morning the same song was playing on the clock radio.  That is what is going on on the House floor here. It strikes me that the political rhetoric in this debate is getting repetitive, tired, and sad. Members are getting short-tempered because we are making no progress whatsoever. The Republicans insist they are saving America. We Democrats think they are savaging America. Speaker Gingrich thinks the idea of a 7-year balanced budget came to him in a dream. We think it could turn out to be an economic nightmare.  Frankly, what is in store for us here is to finally put aside some of this hot rhetoric, sit down, Democrats and Republicans, President and congressional leaders, and get this mess resolved.  Were we not sent to Washington to solve problems? I think we were. What we see here is a lot of pettiness, a lot of vitriol, and, frankly, very little progress.  The saddest part of it all is that there are some real victims in this political debate. Seven hundred thousand Federal employees as of Monday will still be on the streets without pay; 700,000 people being held hostage to this kind of political debate. That is outrageous.  It is nothing short of outrageous as well that while these people are on the streets without pay Members of Congress will still get their paychecks. How can we send these people home without pay while Members of Congress still get paid?  That is why I have introduced no budget, no pay. It says to Members of Congress, if we are serious about turning people out on the streets without a paycheck, cut off the machine that writes our paychecks. And Members know what will happen. We will not take this 48-hour adjournment recess the Republicans have proposed. We will stay here and do the job as we should. Get it done.  Mr. McINNIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to say to the gentleman there is nothing that prevents him from going ahead and doing the pilot project and not taking his check.  