Speaker, imagine for a moment that you are an American soldier who said good-bye to his family and you are on your way to Bosnia. Word reaches you tonight that the Dornan resolution has passed in the U.S. House of Representatives. The House of Representatives has voted to cut off all funds for Bosnian peacekeeping.  The gentleman from California [Mr. Dornan] knows and everyone knows on this floor his resolution will not go any further than this House of Representatives, but it will reach these troops on their way to represent America.  This is a cruel resolution. It will say to the men and women whom we ask to wake up tomorrow to dress in their military uniform and to represent the United States that we do not stand behind them.  I think we have learned many lessons through our lifetime. We have certainly learned that when we have made the commitment to put our troops in the field, we in the United States Congress must stand behind them.  The gentleman from California likes to recount the fact that many of us voted against the Persian Gulf war. I did. The gentleman should also recount the fact that immediately thereafter there was offered a bipartisan resolution, which passed I believe without a dissenting vote, where we stood resolutely behind those men and women, regardless of our vote on the Persian Gulf war. That was the appropriate and proper thing for us to do as Americans.  Regardless of the fact that I do disagree with some aspects of this Bosnian peacekeeping, I think the President was wrong in not seeking Congressional approval, the fact is the troops are committed. The fact is they will look to us, Mr. Dornan, and they will look to you as to whether you support them. And your answer to them is not a badge you wear on your lapel or any fancy ribbon that you wear on your suit, but how Members will vote.  Mr. Speaker, I hope Members will join me in voting to make sure those men and women in the field know that we stand behind them. This is serious, it is a serious commitment of this country. These men and women are putting their lives on the line. We owe it to them to take it very seriously. I urge my colleagues, whether you agree with the President or not, to defeat this cruel Dornan resolution.  