Rohrabacher] for joining us. I hope we can encourage more of this type of dialog during the special orders instead of the monologs to an empty Chamber which has characterized them in the past. I thank you for joining us and hope we can do this in the future.  But let me add this, if I might. There has been a larger hearing on unfunded mandates in Capitol Hill in the last 45 minutes than at any time when this legislation has been making its way to the floor. We have heard testimony from the gentleman from Santa Monica, testimony from the gentleman from Mississippi, and testimony from the gentleman from Illinois about the impact of the Republican bill. We have heard more testimony right here in the last 45 minutes than we heard in the committee that reported this bill to the floor of the House of Representatives for a vote this week.  The bottom line is, unless and until we consider the complexity of this bill, the ramifications it has on the States of Mississippi and Illinois and California and Florida and others, we are doing a great disservice to the voters of this country.  The Republican leadership wants to slam-dunk every provision of this contract without a hearing, without deliberation, and frankly without the kind of concern which I think they should have for the impact and ramifications.  We cannot hope that the Senate will save us on this bill. I hope they will. Maybe the President will have to. But somewhere along the line, someone has to step back and say the responsible thing to do is to sort out these mandates where the Federal Government has overstepped and where, in fact, the Federal mandate makes sense for a [[Page H284]] Federal policy that affects the whole country.  One last point I will make. One of the provisions in the Republican Contract With America goes after lawyers. Too much litigation. You want to see a lot of litigation? Pass this unfunded mandate bill and watch what happens. You will have every locality, every township, every community, every city, every village, every county, every State with lawyers backed up to the courthouse door saying, ``We are challenging this Federal law because it violates your Federal mandate provision. It imposes a duty and does not pay for it, and we dispute the Federal conclusion that you did pay for it,'' and on and on and on. This is a lawyer's dream. I think frankly the Republican Party which is trying to spare us too much litigation is really stepping in it when they pass this kind of legislation.  