Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Ladies and gentlemen of the House, about 8 years ago to the day I stood in this well and offered an amendment. It was an amendment to ban smoking on airplanes. When I offered that amendment, it was opposed by every leader on the House of Representatives floor, Democrat and Republican alike.  I had been around here for 5 years. My staff and my closest friends told me I was crazy to take on the tobacco lobby; they were too big and too powerful and I was not only going to lose, but I was going to be embarrassed in the way that I lost. Eight years ago on this floor, by a margin of five votes, we passed the ban on smoking on airplanes.  The people who spoke that day represented the diversity of the U.S. House of Representatives as those who have spoken this evening in support of this amendment. The gentleman from Utah [Mr. Hansen], the gentlewoman from Washington [Mrs. Smith], so many others, represent political points of view far different than my own on most issues. But we have come together on this issue because we find common ground and agreement in a basic understanding and a basic premise.  Mr. Chairman, the premise is the one I began this debate with. Why on God's green Earth, if we tell every American that this crop will kill you, do we, as taxpayers, go on year in and year out subsidizing the growth, production and processing of this product?  I want to commend my colleagues for their fortitude in standing up this evening and speaking on behalf of this amendment. For those who are watching, it may seem like an easy thing to do. Believe me, it is not. They have risked, I am sure, some evil glances from colleagues and perhaps more. Some of them have decided not to come to the floor this evening and I can understand why they did not. This is not an easy issue to deal with.  The tobacco lobby in this town is one of the most powerful and pervasive. They are everywhere. They are undoubtedly watching this and writing down every word to use it against all of us. I thank my colleagues for coming up and supporting this amendment.  Let me tell you about this amendment.  Yes, it is only $23 million out of a $1.5 trillion budget. It could be a lot more money we could be talking about, but it is a significant change that we are talking about here.  If this amendment passes this evening, it will clearly send a signal to the Committee on Agriculture when they write their tobacco program that Members of Congress, Democrats and Republicans alike, have had it with the Federal subsidy of tobacco. When we passed the ban on smoking on airplanes 8 years ago, people said, ``So what? Two-hour flight, so what?'' It ended up triggering a debate across America on secondhand smoke that reached every restaurant and every public building in the last 8 years. You see it when you even walk into this building.  Right behind me, if you want to know what the tradition is in this Chamber, carved on that little podium up there are tobacco leaves. That is right. We have been into tobacco in this place for a long time. Tonight is our chance to break it, for Uncle Sam to finally get off the tobacco habit.  There is a lot at stake here. This is not another farm crop. This is the only crop subsidized by American taxpayers which, when used according to manufacturers' directions, will kill you. It is the only one.  My colleagues who come up here and say treat it like any other farm crop would like to ignore the death and destruction caused to American families every year by this insidious crop. It is time for us once and for all to break the tobacco habit at the Federal level, to put an end to this subsidy. This measure tonight, the Durbin-Hansen-Smith amendment, is a step in that direction.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  