Speaker, reclaiming my time, I think the answer is no. I think after you listen carefully, what the gentleman came to conclude was no.  What it means is there are two objectionable provisions in this bill. One is this rather strange Istook provision which keeps wandering back and forth. Finally they had the good sense to take that out. But they have left in the provision that is a real problem.  The Republicans, in order to continue the business of the Federal Government, to keep the lights on, insist, insist, that the President must sign a bill to increase Medicare premiums on seniors by 25 percent. He is not going to sign that bill.  This is an issue like Banquo's ghost wandering through, rattling through the Halls of the Capitol. Speaker Gingrich is determined to raise Medicare premiums, at any cost. He will shut down the Federal Government so that he can raise Medicare premiums.  The President has told him this is irresponsible. For many seniors, it will put an economic burden on them which they cannot shoulder. We have to make sure that Medicare is strong, but we cannot hit the most vulnerable seniors in our society by an increase in premiums.  My friend from Louisiana has spoken long and eloquently about everything in this bill, and never mentioned the word ``Medicare.'' The reason, he cannot stand it. He cannot stand to bring this issue up, because he knows that three out of four of the American people believe Speaker Gingrich and the Republicans have gone too far, cutting Medicare to balance the budget, cutting Medicare to provide tax cuts for wealthy people.  There is an old poem that went something like this: As I was going up the stair, I met a man who wasn't there; he wasn't there again today, I wish that man would go away.  The man we are talking about here is Medicare. The Republicans do not want you to know it is in this bill, but it is right here on page 52, an increase in premiums, that will result in a veto by President Clinton, a veto for the American people, for the seniors in this country, an embarrassment to the Republicans that they will not even discuss on the floor of this House of Representatives.  It is a sad commentary that next Tuesday we will be shutting down Federal agencies. Many people who will call these agencies to sign up for veterans benefits, for Social Security benefits, will find that nobody answers the phone. Some folks who are waiting at home to get their checks, whether it is from the Veterans Administration or college student loans, will wonder what happened to the checks. The checks will not be coming. The phones will not be answered, because the Republican strategy is to shut down the Government to raise Medicare premiums.  