Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, let me say in opposition to this amendment, I hope that the gentleman who is offering this amendment will be sensitive to the fact that we have cut Public Law 480 funding 24 percent over the past 2 years. The needs around the world have gotten much worse. Some 750 million people are hungry each and every day of their lives. This debate here turns on budgetary terms, dollar amounts, outlays and budget authority. But anyone who has traveled overseas and actually seen what the Public Law 480 program means to real living people I think can put it in a new perspective. The United States has a reputation of being a generous, charitable country, and we have come to the rescue of many people in distress in the past. Public Law 480 has been one of our best efforts. What the gentlemen from Ohio and Massachusetts seek to do with their amendment is to cut some 500,000 metric tons of food aid in the next year. They insist that this will not hurt starving people, but history tells us they are wrong.  Last year funds from Title I were shifted to Title II to cover some of the emergency food aid needs in the Rwandan crisis. This year additional emergency food aid is needed in Rwanda, Burundi, parts of the former Yugoslavia and the Soviet Union. Who knows where next year's crises will be? We do know that if the Hoke-Meehan amendment is adopted, fewer funds and no surplus commodities will be there to provide in response.  I know that it is not fashionable politically to be in support of food aid programs for starving people overseas. There are not many people who will cheer you back in your district for that. But the bottom line is this program has been around for 30 years and has been a great source of pride to Americans as we have seen heart-wrenching pictures on television and in the news media which have called our attention to the fact that with all our challenges in the United States, there are other places in the world in far worse conditions.  This cut in Title I may seem very easy to us sitting here in the comfort of the United States of America. But for the people who are literally starving to death halfway around the world, this is a cut that should not take place. Our committee considered this Public Law 480 and actually made a reduction below last year's expenditure. What we are trying to do now is to appeal to the gentlemen offering this amendment and those who will vote on it and ask them to take into consideration that there still will be a role for the generosity and charity of the United States in helping those poor people overseas who literally are the least of our brethren.  I rise in opposition to this amendment, and I hope my colleagues will join me in voting against it.  