Chairman, life and politics are a matter of choices. This Congress has made spending choices and is about to make one today.  Let me tell you some of the choices this Congress has made. Under Republican leadership, this Congress has decided we will continue to give farm payments to wealthy individuals with more than $100,000 off-farm income.  The same Republican leadership comes to us today and says, ``But we are going to have to cut money for title I for kids in the classroom.'' The Republican leadership tells us, ``We must continue to spend millions of dollars every year subsidizing the tobacco industry,'' and the Republican leadership comes today in this bill and says, ``But we are going to have to tell 150,000 young men and women across the United States we cannot help them pay for their college expenses,'' kids from working families denied the opportunity of an education.  The Republican leadership tells us we have to spend billions of dollars on wasteful B-2 bombers and then turns right around and tells us we cannot afford Head Start to take kids in the toughest family situations in America and give them a fighting chance.  The Republican leadership tells us we have to waste millions of dollars on star wars, a welfare program for defense contractors.  Then they come to us today and say, ``We are going to have to cut LIHEAP,'' the program that provides some assistance to the poorest, usually elderly, who are trying to survive in the cold of winter and in the heat of summer.  The Republican leadership comes and tells us we have to give $300 billion in tax breaks, mostly to the wealthiest people in this country, and yet we have to turn around and cut the money that is available for the agencies that make sure that the workplaces in America are safe for our employees, that there is money for workers who have lost their jobs because the plants move overseas, workers that need retraining, people who want protection so their pension benefits will be there when they are retired. We cannot afford that, according to the Republican leadership.  The Republicans are there for the wealthy farmers, for tobacco, and for defense contractors, but they are not there when American families really need them.  