Speaker, allow me to explain what this is all about.  The debt ceiling limit of the United States is the authority of this Federal Government to borrow money. Because the United States has a national debt, our Treasury must issue bonds and other securities to secure that debt on a regular basis. Congress must give them authority to do so.  None of us like the fact that our Nation is in debt, but we are not about to lose our credit rating as a nation. So we reluctantly and sometimes painfully vote for an extension of this so-called debt ceiling limit so that the full faith and credit of the United States of America is not encumbered.  This vote today on the debt ceiling limit, which is the subject of this rule, is going to create a fiscal crisis in this country because the Republicans have insisted that we will not just vote on this issue. They want to throw in a lot of extraneous issues. They want to throw in regulatory reform.  Mr. Speaker, that sounds so simple. It turns out to be a 200-page amendment drawn up by special interest groups, by polluters, corporate polluters, who want to make sure that they have their say in the process of establishing environmental regulations, establishing the standards by which we regulate the water, the streams, the air of this country. What in the world does this have to do with the debt ceiling? Nothing. It is a political gimmick. It is trying to put pressure on the President to sign a bill he does not accept.  Mr. Speaker, the President will veto this bill, and it is a sad commentary that we have reached this point. Some Republicans have gone so far as to say, ``Don't worry about the debt ceiling limit. We are just going to postpone paying American taxpayers their income tax refunds next year; we think they'll understand.'' Wait a minute. Have my colleagues spoken to those families and those taxpayers? They are counting on those checks.  They have also suggested, ``Don't put the payroll taxes in the Social Security trust fund for a while. That will carry us on.'' That shows us the limits they are prepared to go to force this shutdown strategy of the Federal Government.  