Chairman, let me tell my colleagues what this amendment is all about. This amendment is inspired by the gun lobby, the National Rifle Association and their associate groups, which would like to see the BATF and its activities regulating criminal firearms trafficking disappear.  This amendment is the kind of political effort which makes extremist militias stand up and cheer. This punishes the BATF, the very agency which closely monitors the activities of these extremist paramilitary groups. This amendment is disgraceful. And let me tell my colleagues, it is without precedent.  When the Federal Bureau of Investigation was found guilty of discrimination in employment, did we decide then to sanction every agent of the FBI? No.  When Operation Tailhook occurred to the shame and embarrassment of many in this Chamber and in the Pentagon, did we sanction all of the pilots serving in the U.S. Navy? No.  When one CIA employee was found guilty of treason, did we decide to sanction every employee of the CIA? No, because simple elemental justice tells us that is wrong.  The amendment by the gentlewoman from Idaho [Mrs. Chenoweth] says that every employee of BATF shall be punished, because some may have transgressed the law. Consider for a moment these employees, some 4,000 strong, who literally put their lives on the line for every American family, every day, suppressing illegal gang activity, working on drug trafficking, trying to stop the criminal trafficking of firearms.  This morning they got up and put on their uniforms and their vests and went out and put their lives on the line, I tell the gentlewoman from Idaho. And despite an act of heroism by one of them that might have saved someone's life, the gentlewoman is saying, unequivocally, no recognition, no bonus. Why? Because someone else in the agency offended her sense of justice or sensibility.  That is so basically unfair, it really should not be considered seriously by this Chamber. If someone is guilty of wrongdoing in this agency, let them answer for it and let them pay the price. Do not punish all the employees in this agency.  