 This bill, H.R. 7, addresses many important topics. We have spent about $30 billion on star wars. There is a serious question of how much we should spend and whether we would do that and sacrifice the readiness of America's Armed Forces. That is worthy of a debate that all Members should be involved in.  There is also a question in this bill as to the role of Commander in Chief of the United States. Over the 12 years that I have served in this body, I can remember many, many times when we have taken days and often weeks to debate the application of that constitutional provision in terms of the security of the United States.  There are questions in this bill as well about the future of NATO. And it has been alluded to here that this is one seminal debate on our new relationship in this so-called new world order.  I might say to my colleagues that they may dismiss this as just another check mark on the TV Guide ad. It is much more than that to a lot of different people.  During the last week or two, since the 3 half-days of debate on this bill, I have had people come to me, Americans, who have friends and relatives who live in parts of the world who have traditionally been our allies, genuinely concerned about the impact of this bill on the future security of these nations.  Finally, of course, this bill addresses peacekeeping, and that, my colleagues, literally addresses life and death issues for America's young men and women.  That is how serious this bill is. I know there is a strong partisan feeling on this floor, and I have seen it manifest many times on both sides of the aisle over the years. But I would like to address this comment to the new Members on both sides of the aisle.  Many of my colleagues did not serve, and probably did not witness, one of the most important debates in the history of this institution. I was privileged enough to be here for that debate. It was the debate over the entry of the United States into the Persian Gulf war.  A decision was made by the leadership of the House that this issue was so critically important, involving the life and death of American citizens, that if necessary we would stay in session around the clock so that every Member would be able to express their heartfelt [[Page H1674]] feelings. When it was over and the debate ended, most people credited that debate as one of our finest hours in the House of Representatives.  We took the time to do it right, because the issue was so important.  I beg my colleagues now, we would not do it this evening, but tomorrow, when Members meet with their Republican leaders, ask them to pause and give some consideration to the fact that this, too, is a life or death issue. We owe the people we represent the time to sit down, deliberate, and make the right decision.  I hope that my colleagues will prevail on the Committee on Rules and their leadership to give us the time to adequately address these critically important issues.  