Chairman, as was alluded to by the gentlewoman from Colorado, after that debate, after the bipartisan decision that it was Congress' responsibility to decide whether we would go to war, we voted on the question. You could have heard a pin drop in this Chamber. People were waiting to see what would happen. It prevailed. President Bush's position prevailed. And even those, and I was one, who were critical of the idea of engaging in that war then said the debate is over. We stand behind the men and women whose lives are on the line. And we went forward, united as a Nation, to a swift and decisive victory.  Now, I know when the Constitution was written wars were conducted in a much different fashion. It took months, sometimes years, to muster an army and to bring about a war. There was plenty of time for deliberation. We live in a different time. The Commander in Chief of the United States, the President, has that express authority in the Constitution. He must respond to emergencies immediately. He cannot wait for Congress to debate it. The President of the United States as Commander in Chief must take defensive actions immediately. He cannot wait for a committee hearing.  But in a Persian Gulf war situation, with a premeditated deliberation, we had a chance as a nation to decide as a nation what we would do. This decision today, if we adopt the Hyde amendment, completely walks away from this congressional opportunity and responsibility.  To argue that we could take the funds away once the war has started, sure, that could happen, over months, maybe even over years, as we debate back and forth the right language, whether an appropriation will be changed, whether we can override a veto. Sure, Congress has a voice in it, but only a voice, and a muted one, because of this amendment.  I implore my colleagues not to seize this amendment as the opportune moment today in today's circumstances, but to reflect on the history that led up to this war powers resolution, the history of Vietnam, the history that taught us as a country and as a Nation we must stand together as a people and debate whether or not we engage in premeditated war.  Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose the Hyde amendment.  