Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I would like to say at the outset that I believe the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Goodling] is attempting to improve the appropriations bill, but I think there is a flaw in the approach that he is using. If I am not mistaken, I believe the gentleman from Pennsylvania stated during the course of the debate that if a State should save money in the WIC program by competitive bidding for infant formula, and getting a lower cost per can, saving money, that the money that they saved he believes would be State funds that could be used to increase participation. The gentleman is nodding his head in agreement, and I believe that is what he said.  Unfortunately, we have received information that suggests that that is not the case. What we have been told is that the rebates that the States receive under WIC cost containment contracts are legally Federal funds and not State funds. As a result, what the gentleman from Pennsylvania has done is to create disincentives for the States to make this a more cost-efficient program.  That is not what we want to do here. I think what we want to do is to say to each one of the States: ``Feed as many pregnant women and new mothers and their children as possible at the lowest possible cost, and if you can do that more cost-effectively and save money in the process, we want you to expand your program and bring in more eligible people.'' That is the intent of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hall], it is my philosophy, and I think it is one we ought to share.  I think the difficulty here is that the money saved on cost containment is going to be considered Federal, and as a result, with the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Goodling], that money cannot be used to expand participation, so I would like to urge that we defeat the Goodling amendment and adopt the Hall amendment. By defeating the Goodling amendment, we will overcome this problem I have just described. By adopting the Hall amendment, we will say to the States, ``Be more cost-efficient, do the best you can for the mothers and their children, and if you can save money and expand the program to help more mothers and kids have a healthy pregnancy and healthy kids, that is a goal that we all share.''  I would urge the defeat of the Goodling amendment and the adoption of the Hall amendment.  I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman.  