Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment being offered by the gentlewoman from New York, and I would like to put this into a perspective that may not have been noted to this point in the debate.  Several years ago, the United States Congress passed a law which recognized that we have a limited amount of resources available to pay farmers in America. We came to the understanding that we cannot pay every farmer all of the eligible amounts that they might be entitled to under a program. So we said, there is a $50,000 payment limitation. No matter how large your farm might be, no matter how complicated your personal circumstances, that is it, $50,000.  Many farmers then raced off to meet with their accountants and attorneys to figure out how to get around it, how to put the farm in the brother's name or in the uncle's name, the son's and daughter's, wife and everybody so that they could split it up and everybody would get $50,000. But it did not work in some instances and some of the wealthy or bigger farmers in my part of the world basically got out of the program.  What the gentleman from New York is suggesting is that we recognize this reality again. It is not just a $50,000 payment limitation now. It is who will receive it. Who will receive it. Pick up your investment manuals, and you will find a lot of recommendations and advice on where to put your money. Stocks and bonds and mutual funds and investments and gold and silver and this and that, some will suggest, buy farmland. Good investment.  Well, the folks that make that decision, the investors who buy farmland are interesting people, but I do not think we should shed a lot of tears about those folks.  What we are dealing with here are people with off-farm income in excess of $100,000. How many farmers today receiving money under the program fall into that category? Off-farm income in excess of $100,000? A few Members of Congress, I might add. But 2 percent, overall 2 percent of the farmers have off-farm income in excess of $100,000. So are we going to decide now to sacrifice these programs and to cut back severely to benefit that 2 percent of investors? I hope not.  