Speaker, in the 19th century at the height of the Industrial Revolution, there arose a political group which frankly was opposed to the change and progress of the Industrial Revolution. They were known as the Luddites. The Luddites would try to wreck the machinery of the Industrial Revolution to stop the change that was taking place. They objected to it, and they used violence and terrorism for that purpose. Theirs was a mindless opposition to the reality of change, a resistance to accepting the world as it existed.  What we hear on the floor today is the same mentality when it comes to family planning, a mindless opposition to family planning from groups which characterize themselves as pro-life. Anyone who has taken the time to study the issue understands that the greatest world threats to our children are nuclear proliferation and overpopulation.  Take a look at the expanding population in continents around the world, whether in Asia, Africa, South America. You will find that those expanding populations not only create human suffering for the people living there, but they, in fact, lead to environmental disasters which visit themselves on the entire world as well as to military confrontations which ultimately drag the United States and other civilized nations into the vortex of the conflict. Overpopulation is a major problem.  What we are doing with this motion today is literally shutting down America's commitment to family planning around the world. We are not talking about abortion. I hold in my hand a penny, one penny; not one penny is being spent of Federal money to fund abortions in any country of the world. You would never know that from this debate. You would think we were setting out to fund abortions and the pro-life people wanted to stop it. It has nothing to do with it. Not a penny of Federal funds are being used for that purpose. What we are doing, in closing down this $450 million of family planning is adding to degradation and personal disaster around the world and, sadly, adding to the likelihood that move abortion will result.  Several years ago I traveled with Congressman Mike Synar to Bangladesh, one of the poorest countries in the world. Far away in a distant, dusty village we met a 19-year-old woman holding a baby. It was her third child. Through an interpreter she told us with great pride it would be her last child. Because of world health efforts which the United States supported, her children were healthy, and she did not have to bear any more children and through family planning efforts, that we spend pennies on, she was able to control the size of her family.  She and so many other women around the world, given a chance for their own personal dignity, will be denied that chance because of this terrible motion. I urge my colleagues, do not give in to this extremism. Oppose this motion.  