Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. I wonder if the gentleman from Colorado and those who are proponents to this amendment have any idea of what we have already done in the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and what we are doing in this bill.  The gentleman comes before us this afternoon with a suggestion of cutting $12 million out of 13 different agencies, $12 million is a lot of money. The gentleman from New Mexico [Mr. Skeen], as chairman of the subcommittee this year, will cut $1.2 billion from discretionary spending in the Department of Agriculture. It is not as if we have not bitten the bullet. We have chewed right through it. Last year we cut $1.3 billion. This year we cut $1.2 billion. These are serious cuts. As a result of these cuts, the U.S. Department of Agriculture has had to make dramatic changes.  Let me give Members an idea of some of the things USDA has done: Totally reorganized the agency, reducing from 43 to 29 the number of agencies under USDA; field offices being restructured; 1,170 county-based offices will be closed or consolidated. As of June, offices have already been closed in 224 counties across the United States. Our goal in employee reduction is 13,000 employees over the next 6 years. It represents one-fourth of the headquarters staff, 20 percent of administrative staff years, and the savings from these reductions already in place will be over $4 billion.  What the gentleman does with his amendment is to say: ``Well, my dog is bigger than your dog. I can cut more than you can. I am a real fiscal conservative. We will find some more to cut.'' We can all play that game, but when it is all over, while this department is downsizing, can it still perform its functions?  I will say to the gentleman from Colorado, his phone will be ringing, as mine will be ringing, when farmers and others who want services from this department find their phone calls go unanswered. His phone will be ringing, as mine will, as people are calling and say, ``What happened? I am mired in bureaucracy and red tape. I cannot get an answer.'' We can all keep trumping one card higher than the other, but the fact is the gentleman from New Mexico [Mr. Skeen] made a substantial cut in this agency. We did the same thing last year. They are on board. In fact, they are out in front of the whole Federal Government in terms of reorganization and reinventing government. Now the gentleman just wants to do a little more. I am afraid if the gentleman does this, frankly, we will not only have to RIF people early, which may be unfair, but will in fact affect the very basic functions of this department.  