Speaker, I have served in this body for 13 years. This is the saddest, cruelest strategy that I have ever witnessed in this Chamber.  I cannot believe that my colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle will go home this Christmas season to be with their loved ones and their children, will kneel down in church in the Christmas spirit, and be able to erase from their minds for one moment that 270,000 innocent Federal employees who showed up for work prepared to work are being denied that opportunity and left with uncertainty.  I cannot imagine the gentlewoman from Ohio [Ms. Pryce], who is a good person, I have had the good fortune of meeting her family; they are wonderful people. The gentlewoman must be thinking in her mind over this Christmas season that people who receive AFDC checks who have nothing to live on will have those checks delayed because of the strategy behind this resolution--people who are destitute.  I visited a family in Chicago on Saturday on Madison Street on the west side, four people who, because there is no LIHEAP, have no heat in their apartment. Their pipes burst last month; they have no water, either. A husband and a wife and two small children huddled in a room with a space heater because of our political strategy. In the spirit of Christmas, how can we countenance imposing this suffering on innocent people?  Let me offer this. If you want to stand up for principle, if the Republicans want to show their commitment to principle, here is what I suggest: stay here and work, as the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Ganske] suggested; and second, give up your paycheck, say that you will sacrifice your own paycheck in commitment to a balanced budget.  Mr. Speaker, to impose this burden on innocent Federal employees, on innocent poor people across America does not show character, it shows cowardice. Show your character, put your own paycheck on the line, not the paychecks of innocent people. Five different times Speaker Gingrich has stopped ``No-budget, No-pay.'' If it would pass, this crisis would end.  