 Ms. DeLAURO. I am delighted to join my colleagues here this afternoon. This I think is one of the most important debates that we are going to have in the next several days and in the next several weeks.  I would like to add to what my colleagues have said in this respect, that we all do want to have a balanced budget. Members of Congress want to do that, the public wants to do that, we want to erase the debt that threatens our children's future. That is what we are about.  To add to what the majority leader said over the weekend on the television shows, Mr. Armey said not only would Congress' knees buckle, but that he feared that if you spelled it out for the American public they could not deal with the pain.  Now is that not a terrible indictment of the American public? As far as I know we are still a representative democracy. We did not come back here to impose a secret exclusive policy on the public and the people that we represent but, in fact, rather to open up an exclusive debate on where this Nation should go. That is what this is about. Quite frankly, that is what Republicans campaigned on with the bumper stickers you were talking about. In fact, we need to have open government.  But I tell you, we do have some general idea of the Republican plan and what it would require. According to the Congressional Budget Office it would require $1.2 trillion in deficit reduction, revenue increases, or spending cuts, or a combination of the two to balance the budget by the year 2002.  Since Republicans have indicated that the revenue increases will not be used to balance the budget, a constitutional amendment would then require $1.2 trillion in spending cuts alone to balance the budget. This estimate does not even take into account the $193 billion in tax cuts over the next 5 years that are contained in the Republican contract, nor does it talk about what the increase in defense spending on star wars would mean in terms of the cuts.  Let me just give a couple of examples which I think are very critical, and this not by Democratic standards but by a Republican Senate and Republican House staff which says that this would require a 24-percent increase across the board. That is what their notions are in terms of a cut.  If you talk about Medicare, let us take a look at that. In the last week the Speaker of the House, Mr. Gingrich, suggested transforming the Medicare system into another system. Is this in the balanced budget, which is the truth that we need to know and that the public needs to know. Is that in there? What does it mean to seniors in this Nation if we are going to talk about a 24-percent increase in their premiums for Medicare beneficiaries? What services are no longer going to be covered by Medicare? Could it be worse?  Also, according to a Republican Senate Budget Committee staff analysis, you would have to cut almost $1 trillion over the next 7 years to pay for the Republican contract.  Further examples of what this 24-percent across-the-board cut means is that one out of every four college students now receiving Pell grants would be forced out of school. These young people and their families have a right to know what is in that balanced budget amendment.  Twenty-four percent across the board would mean one of every four high school graduates currently in apprenticeship programs would be denied the job training that would allow them to get ahead and to earn a living. They have a right to know what is in this balanced budget amendment.  Would 24 percent across the board mean that one of every four children enrolled in the Head Start Program would lose also the help that they need to start each day and enter school ready to learn?  Essentially what we are saying, the long and the short of it is you cannot talk about and run for office on open government and then decide to shut it down when you are in charge. We are just asking the Republicans to come clean. We all know that balancing the budget is going to require sacrifice. The public knows that, Members of this body know that, and if they do not they should know that because it is going to be difficult. We have to make the tough choices. That is all we are asking here.  I joined my colleagues last year in supporting the Democratic balanced budget amendment that sought to achieve a balanced budget while trying to keep Social Security intact. Does the Republicans' balanced budget put Social Security on that chopping block? In fact it does.  Today in the Judiciary Committee, Republican members of the committee voted not to exclude and exempt Social Security from the balanced budget cuts. What does that mean? Seniors in this Nation have a right to know what this is about.  The fact is that the Republicans fear opening the debate on their ideas to the American public. They are afraid of letting people participate in this decisionmaking process that is critical to our Nation's future.  I am delighted to join my colleagues this afternoon in this discussion because as I said at the outset, nothing can be more important than this debate. Members of Congress have to know what is in that balanced budget amendment, the American public has got to know what is in that balanced budget amendment.  