 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this amendment. Let me tell you why. It has been my privilege to serve on the House Appropriations Committee now for 10 years, and during that period of time I have tried my best to become well versed with the challenging information and the legislation that we are forced to consider each year as we pass the appropriations.  I have also had the honor of serving for 2 years as chairman of a subcommittee which the gentleman from Washington is going to serve on now, the Subcommittee on Agriculture Appropriations.  That subcommittee, one of the smaller appropriations subcommittees, appropriates $67 billion a year. We have three staff people. I can literally tell you that it takes years to get your arms around the Department of Agriculture, with 125,000 employees spread all over the world, and the Food and Drug Administration, with its massive responsibility.  I felt, after several years of service there, that I was prepared to take over the chairmanship. I think that with the then-ranking minority member, Joe Skeen of New Mexico, we did a good job. We cut back on some wasteful spending, we saved some money for taxpayers, we were able to get beyond the bureaucratic background noise and yet down to the business of really appropriating in a responsible manner.  Now, of course, because of the verdict of the voters on November 8, our roles have changed. Joe SKeen of New Mexico will be chairman of the subcommittee, and I will be ranking minority member. I will look forward to working with him.  The point I am trying to make is this: Experience on the subcommittee prepared me to do what the voters sent me to Washington to do, to take a look at a complex and large appropriation and to try to lead a bipartisan effort to deal with it. Should my colleagues in the House of Representatives on the Democratic side have reached a decision that I was unworthy of that job, they could have removed me in any Congress. That, I think, is the appropriate way to approach this.  To establish artificial limits for service as committee chair or subcommittee chairman or service in the House of Representatives I think is grossly unfair.  Experience counts for every aspect of life; it counts in the Congress.  I think artificial limits are wrong, and I oppose this amendment.  