Speaker, for those who will not be able to stay tuned and follow this House debate, let me tell them how it is going to end.  My colleagues are going to hear a lot of comments and speeches from this side of the aisle pleading with the Republicans to show some moderation when it comes to the Gingrich budget bill which we passed last week. We will be urging the Republicans in all of our speeches to try to be sensitive to the needs of working families to try to make sure that any tax cuts go directly to real middle-class families and not to the wealthiest people in America. My colleagues will hear our speeches as we urge them to maintain standards for nursing homes so across America each of us with a parent or grandparent who may end up there one day has the peace of mind to know that they are at least going to be in an institution holding to some Federal standards. My colleagues will hear us plead with the Republicans, ``Please protect the pension plans of working Americans. Don't go through with the Gingrich proposal to take away the protection of pensions.'' Once a person is retired, they are at the mercy of the people who manage the pension plans. Our Federal laws protect those people, and we will then be urging during the course of this debate that the people on the Republican side of the aisle come around and help these folks as well as the poorest among us, the children who depend on Medicaid for basic hospital care who will be disadvantaged by the Gingrich budget of last week.  Mr. Speaker, my colleagues will hear all these speeches, and let me tell my colleagues how it will end if they cannot stay tuned. We are going to lose. The Democrats are going to lose. The motion to instruct will do down. The Republicans who marched off the cliff with Speaker Gingrich last week in the Gingrich Republican bill are going to stick with their Speaker even though they know what we are suggesting is reasonable to most Americans, it sounds like common sense. They are going to stick to their program.  Let me tell my colleagues this. Ultimately President Clinton will veto this terrible bill and we will finally get down to the business on a bipartisan basis of coming up with a commonsense solution to reducing this Nation's budget deficit.  