Chairman, I yield myself two minutes.  Mr. Chairman, I understand where my colleague from Vermont is coming from. There is no doubt that many changes in science are changing farming, and that has been the case since the turn of the century. There is no question that these changes have forced many small operations out of existence, and they will continue to. And with their disappearance, we will lose part of the American way of life, and some of that will be to our detriment as a nation.  But it is literally impossible for us to ignore scientific change and advances and its impact on farming. This chemical, this bovine growth hormone, has a consequence of increasing the milk production of America's dairy cows.  Now, the fact is, we did not need more milk. We had plenty already, but now this chemical is helping each cow to give more milk. My dairy farmers in my district are using it because they believe it is the wave of the future. They believe that fewer cows producing more milk can be the wave of the future.  The gentleman from Vermont I am sure is correct that some dairy producers will not be able to accommodate this change and may go out of business, but we cannot turn back the hands of time. We cannot ignore the science that has come about.  I disagree with my colleague from Vermont in his suggestion that there is something inherently dangerous with this chemical. There have been no fewer than 2,000 separate studies of this chemical, and we have found no harmful effects from the bovine growth hormone. The trace elements which we find of this chemical in milk are so minute, one part per billion, and if you want to put that in perspective, I am told that is the equivalent of one second in approximately 32 years, that is the concentration we find of this chemical in milk, and it causes no problem because it is already a naturally occurring hormone in a cow's milk.  Our Nation's milk supply is the very safest in the world. It is tasted over and over and over again before it reaches the consumer. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the gentleman's amendment.  