Speaker, let me first congratulate the chairman of the committee, the new chairman of the committee, the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Livingston], as well as the minority spokesman on the committee, the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Obey], for their hard work on this. But let me say at the outset, I sincerely hope that this rescission bill is defeated today on the House floor and, if it is not, I hope the President keeps his word and vetoes it. I want to tell you why.  For the past several months we have heard like Banquo's ghost rattling through the halls. The Republican tax break program rears its ugly head every time Congress tries to tackle a serious issue. We want to sit down and talk about a balanced budget, which our nation wants and both parties profess to want, and yet the Republicans insist on a tax break package which gives tax breaks to the wealthiest Americans and absolves the most profitable corporations from paying their fair share of Federal taxes.  We want to talk about a bill like this, a rescission bill to cut spending so we can come up with money to pay for disasters in California and Oklahoma City and other places. The Republicans, again, want to make sure that some of the money that we are going to save will be around to fund the tax break package for the wealthiest privileged few in America.  It just boggles my mind, and I have been around politics so long. What is in this tax break package that is so important to them that they will literally taint every debate on this floor by making certain there is money in there for their tax break? I tell you what it is, my friends. It is because for some big businesses and for some special interests, that tax break means more than every other issue on this floor.  They are sticking with it, even if it means cutting 80,000 people off of the WIC program. Women and children who would get prenatal care will not because of this spending cut bill. They are sticking with it even if it means eliminating the Food and Drug Administration reorganization plan, to make that agency more efficient so it can safeguard our families.  No, they will make these cuts, and they will have to answer, and their answers are not any good because the Republican tax break program is not what we are here to talk about. We are here to get this public's House in order, to get our budget in order, and that tax break package is not the way to do it.  