It brings to mind one of his most memorable phrases, which was when he spoke to the American people in the depths of the Depression and said, ``We have nothing to fear but fear itself.'' I think the Republicans' slogan today is, ``We have nothing to fear but the facts.''  They are afraid to share the facts with the American people. As the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Armey] said last Sunday, they are afraid their knees would buckle when they faced the facts.  President Roosevelt had confidence in the American people. I think the Republican leadership of the House should have confidence in the American people too. Let them know what is in store, let them know the truth of what is involved in a balanced budget amendment. If it means 5 or 10 years from now the Social Security system or the Medicare system will be changed, should not families be alerted to that fact now so that they could make some sort of plans now for their future? To spring this on the family 5 or 10 years down the line when they are in retirement is beyond the time when they can do something about it. But to talk about it today is the honest way to approach it. I hope that the Republican leadership, Mr. Armey, Mr. Gingrich, and others will have the same kind of faith in the American people that President Roosevelt did. Let them face the crisis together, let us come together and resolve this.  What is at issue here with these various items in the Republican contract is something as basic as the economic relationship between the 50 States and the Federal Government. When it comes to the question of unfunded mandates, what we hear from Mr. Gingrich and the Republican side is that the Federal Government should stop telling the States what to do unless you are going to pay for it. Let the States decide is the call coming from the Republican side of the aisle. But I wonder, if you apply that to real-life situations, whether most Americans would agree.  I have a district that is on the Mississippi River. The quality of the water in that river is very important to the people who live along that river. But we cannot control the quality of that water in the State of Illinois. Now, we have to have a standard, a national standard that we can trust, starting from the headwaters of the Mississippi in Minnesota, working its way down. We need a Federal standard, if you will, a Federal mandate, to suggest that the water quality is something that we as Americans can trust.  Let me give you another example: A few years ago the State of Wisconsin has a drinking age of 18, and the State of Illinois had a drinking age of 21. So on the northern Illinois border, teenagers would get in their cars on Saturday night, drive over to Wisconsin, get drunk, and drive back, drive home, wrecking their cars, killing themselves and a lot of innocent people. It got so bad that they called the stretch of highway ``Blood Alley'' because of all the lives that had been lost due to the teenagers drinking in Wisconsin and coming back to Illinois.  Do you know what happened? The Federal Government, the committee I serve on, passed a Federal mandate and said we are going to have a uniform drinking age of 21 in the United States or, ``Your State is going to lose Federal highway funds.'' Was it a mandate? Yes. Did it cost the State of Wisconsin? Yes, it did cost them to enforce it.  What was the result? Kids lives were saved, lives of innocent were saved. Blood Alley is just a bitter memory now, it is gone.  Time and again we find these Federal standards lead to a higher quality of life.  I yield to the gentlewoman from Connecticut.  Ms. DeLAURO. I would like to make a comment about an article today that has to do with the balanced budget amendment, from the Wall Street Journal, by their economist Robert Eisner. He points out, with regard to a balanced budget amendment, households could not begin to balance their budgets the way the Government would be required to under the Republican plan. The point being, I guess, that if we are to look at investments either by the Federal Government or by families, families borrow to buy a car, to buy a home, get their kids to school; businesses borrow. If you had to take all of that, if you had to pay for everything out of current income, you would find yourselves unable to do the things that families normally do every day.  Now, just to go back to what my colleague from California was talking about, there are a variety of ways to deal with this issue. You can, as was suggested in this article, and as some of our colleagues suggested, that you separate out a capital budget from an operating budget, which is the way, in fact, most States today balance their budgets. They do that because they have a capital expenditure, it is paid for over the life of the asset, and you deal with your current expenditures out of current cash. Families do that every single day. By narrowing the playing field, if you will, what the Republicans are doing is not allowing for various ideas and various opportunities to come up so that we can debate each of these and figure out the best way in which you can balance that budget, thereby allowing both the Federal Government and families and businesses to continue to invest in their future, and not cut them off or shut them down in their ability to move forward.  [[Page H205]] So that we are in this most important debate, finding ourselves in a position where the public has called out and cried out--and I believe this is true in this election--for open government, participatory government, for not allowing for gridlock, for moving forward. And we see that all of that is being throttled by the Republican leadership, and all in the name of saying that the public is afraid and would be fearful of the pain that is involved if we have to balance the budget. It does not make any sense.  