Speaker I rise in opposition to the provision lifting the ban on direct United States aid to the Government of Azerbaijan, as long as Azerbaijan continues its brutal blockade of Armenia and Nagorno-Karabagh.  Just 4 months ago the House of Representatives passed the Visclosky amendment with overwhelming support. The Visclosky amendment would continue the current ban on direct United States aid to the Government of Azerbaijan, as long as Azerbaijan continues its blockade of Armenia and Nagorno-Karabagh. The Visclosky amendment did not forbid humanitarian assistance to the people of Azerbaijan, only direct United States aid to the Government of Azerbaijan.  How can it be, Mr. Speaker, that the conference report provides direct United States aid to the Government of Azerbaijan, when this House overwhelmingly rejected such aid, and the Senate bill preserved the current ban? I will tell my colleagues the simple truth of the matter, as I did when the House debated the Visclosky amendment 4 months ago. It is greed, simple greed. It is the oil of Azerbaijan, and the desire of some to profit from that oil by helping the Government of Azerbaijan to build the infrastructure to extract and transport that oil.  Since 1992 the United States has said that the Government of Azerbaijan will not receive direct Untied States aid as long as Azerbaijan continues its blockade of Armenia and Nagorno-Karabagh. This blockage has prevented the delivery of assistance to 300,000 Armenian refugees and obstructed the rebuilding of earthquake damage which left 500,000 people in Armenia homeless. The blockade by the Government of Azerbaijan has cut off the transport of food, fuel, medicine and other humanitarian assistance to the people of Armenia. Unless and until Azerbaijan removes its blockade of Armenia and Nagorno-Karabagh and stops its oppressive conduct toward the Armenia people, the United States should continue to forbid direct United States aid to the Government of Azerbaijan.  I strongly supported the Visclosky amendment when it was before the House 4 months ago. The House spoke clearly on this issue by passing the Visclosky amendment with overwhelming support. I joined with many of my colleagues in the House and wrote to the members of the conference committee to urge them to preserve the Visclosky amendment. I also wrote to the chairman of the Rules Committee in support of the Visclosky amendment. I deeply regret that the rule accompanying the conference report protects a provision lifting the ban on direct United States aid to the Government of Azerbaijan.  Mr. Speaker, in this time of crisis the people of Armenia need our strong support. As long as the Government of Azerbaijan continues to strangle the Armenian people by this blockade, the United States should stand resolute and firm in the position that we will not provide assistance to the Government of Azerbaijan.  