Chairman, this is our weekly constitutional amendment and this week we are debating term limits. There is lots of debate in this Chamber over the last several months about school prayer. Tonight we are dealing with the politician's prayer, the prayers of many of my colleagues who give spirited speeches in favor of term limits but pray to God it will not pass or at least not apply to them.  The history of the House of Representatives tells us that about 12,000 men and women have had the high honor to serve in this body. Many have been real giants on both sides of the aisle, and it has been my honor in the 12 years I have served to know them. Claude Pepper, Tip O'Neill, Lindy Boggs. On the Republican side, Silvio Conte, Bob Michel, and so many others who would have been precluded from completing their careers by the debate that we have in this Chamber today.  Here is the bottom line: For many members of the House of Representatives, 2 years are too long and for others, 20 years are not long enough.  The judgment on the men and women who serve in this House whether it should be 2 years, 20 years or more is a judgment in America to be made by the real power brokers, the people we serve. And in the case of this House of Representatives, every 24 months we stand to be judged by those voters.  Let me tell my colleagues what a House of Representatives populated by lame ducks, idle rich, dim-witted short-timers means. It is a dream come true for the lobbyists, for the special interests and the bureaucrats, because as Members of Congress come and go under these term limits scenarios, the lobbyists and the bureaucrats are going to linger on. They will be the ones with the information, the money, and the power. And the people just passing through will be doing their bidding instead of calling the tune. Their power will grow as the quality and experience of Members of Congress diminishes under term limits.  It was my honor in the last 2 years to chair a subcommittee of Appropriations which appropriated $67 billion a year and was responsible for 130,000 Federal employees. After 8 years of serving on the committee, I had the responsibility and honor of chairing it. At that point, I felt I had reached a  [[Page H3952]] level where I could debate with the bureaucracy and the special interests and make real and significant reform and change, and it happened.  Had I been wandering through here in 2 years or 4 years or 6, folks, it would have been a lot tougher. We count on experience in every walk of life. You do not ask for the surgeon fresh out of medical school, you do not ask for the banker fresh out of business school, you ask for people with experience because experience counts in real life and experience counts in the House of Representatives.  Think twice before we impose term limits and lose the real strength of our House of Representatives.  