Chairman, still a member of the bar but not practicing for about 12 years. But I want to tell my colleagues this a very dangerous concept that we are pushing in this bill. In the course of this week we are going to have two or three pieces of legislation.  I think the most important question any Member of Congress can ask when these bills come before the floor is a very simple one: Who wants this bill? I can tell Members who wants a loser-pay bill: a defendant who, frankly, does not want to be in court in the first instance, and wants to make sure that he can discourage as many people as possible from going to court.  Are there frivolous lawsuits? Yes. Should they be weeded out? Of course. But there are an awful lot of people who do not have the means in their own personal savings or the wherewithal to go to court and to go there with an attorney in an attempt to try to get redress of their grievances. What we are talking about here is as fundamental as our Constitution, the basic rights of individuals, the rights of victims if you will, to come to court. I think all of us understand who practice law that over 90 percent of cases are settled now. This is not needed as an incentive to settle. Cases settle today, both sides try to reach an agreement and in the overwhelming majority of cases they do reach an agreement.  But what this is an attempt to do is to hang a blade over the head of the plaintiff in the closing days before trial and say, incidentally, if you guess wrong, if the jury does not go along with you, not only are you going to have your own expenses, you have to pay the corporation's legal expenses too from the date when they made their offer to settle. I think that is a sad thing.  I also think we ought to put in context what the Republican contract is talking for. At the same time as the Republican contract is taking away the regulatory authority of the Government to protect consumers and individuals, the contract comes through the back door and takes away the rights of those same consumers and individuals to go to court. This is the first installment.  So we are leaving America's consuming public unprotected in both instances; first, from a regulatory agency which is trying to protect them and second, from their day in court which is their ultimate recourse.  I can tell my colleagues in the practice of law I had in Springfield, IL, most of my clients were working folks who came in and they had never filed a lawsuit before. Something had occurred in their lives, usually some personal tragedy, and they came to me asking for representation. If I told them up front that they had to pay all of their attorneys' fees going in, frankly, they could not have been there. If I told them also there was a chance if we could get a trial they would have had to pay the railroad's attorneys' fees that happened to have the railroad car that ran over and killed one of their loved ones, they might have thought twice about it.  That is what this is all about, this is who wants this bill. Corporate America wants this bill; they want to discourage individuals from bringing actions against big corporations, from beginning to even bring actions against those who have deep pockets, and let me tell my colleagues quite honestly if we go along with this and go back to the British system of loser pay, which they are having second thoughts about at the same time, is a very big mistake, a very serious mistake for the future of this country.  