Speaker, those who are following the budget debate in Washington may be aware that we are coming upon some deadlines, important deadlines for every American family. Next week there will be a deadline on funding the Federal Government. If this Congress fails to pass a continuing resolution which is signed by President Clinton, then in fact many offices of the Federal Government will close. For many American families, the veterans seeking to sign up at the Veterans Administration, those seeking to sign up for Social Security, small businesses looking for help from the SBA, they will place the phone call, no one will answer, and the lights will be out.  There is another deadline coming up soon. It is called the debt-ceiling extension, which most Americans are not aware of. It is, in fact, the authorization by this Congress to the Federal Treasury to continue to borrow, to extend the full faith and credit of the United States. If we fail to make that extension, then in fact we will default for the first time in our history, the first time in U.S. history, and that default, of course, will ripple across the economy as it raises interest rates and raises the cost of home mortgages.  There are the doomsday scenarios, the train wrecks, the gridlocks that we hear so much about as part of the strategy from the Republican side of the aisle.  Speaker Gingrich has said repeatedly when it comes to dealing with President Clinton on the budget, ``I will cooperate, but I will not compromise.'' Let me tell my colleagues this:  For us to sit by and watch the Federal Government shut down or to default on this debt is a total abdication of responsibility, and that is why I am supporting a provision which says no budget, no pay. It is in the Senate version of this bill. I will be pushing for it in the conference committee. What it says is simply this:  If Congress fails to keep the agencies of Government open, if we default on the national debt because of the negligence of this Congress, Members of Congress will not be paid for those days.  Now I know that is tough medicine. A lot of my colleagues are murmuring about me, and they will not talk to me in the hallways. That is OK. I think the bottom line is Democrats and Republicans were sent here to solve problems on a bipartisan basis, not to preside over a train wreck or any gridlock.  Mr. Speaker, I will be pushing for this no budget, no pay in conference.  