Speaker, let me confess at the outset that I come from a union family. My mother, father, two brothers and I all worked for a railroad. We were all proud members of the Brotherhood of Railway Clerks, and that is part of my core value. I believe in unionism.  I believe that labor organizations have an important place in the American economy, but let me tell Members a story; 2 or maybe 3 years ago the Democratic Caucus had a meeting, and we invited in the head manager and the top union representative from the Saturn plant in Tennessee. We have seen all the ads about their teamwork there. These two men came to the stage both wearing khaki pants and a white button-down shirt and a red cardigan sweater. They sat down and started talking about their team concept in building cars, and for the first 10 minutes, I swear, I could not tell which was on the management side and which was on the labor side. It was clearly the best of all possible worlds. Here was a workplace situation where workers were being treated with dignity, brought into the decision process. The kind of team approach which we all hope will become part of American business and the American labor experience.  Mr. Speaker, I can say with some certitude, because I have heard it from those who support this TEAM Act, that this is not an exception at the Saturn plant. In fact, what we are told is that 80 percent of the largest companies in the United States are already doing this; that some 30,000 workplaces across the country have tried these concepts where the workers and the management sit down and work together and it works. The productivity of the workers is shown in the wages and in the quality of the product and the profits for the company, and that is certainly what we all want.  So the obvious question, if this is taking place in so many businesses across the United States, why do we need this law? If Congress is going to spend its time passing laws to enact things that already exist, we are going to have a pretty busy schedule, and there are a lot of things we should be spending our time on and problems that need to be solved.  Well, when we open up the lid and look inside the TEAM Act, we find it is much more than I just described and much more than we heard form the Republicans who are supporting it. It is not a question of employee and employer cooperation. We all want that. What they are trying to do is twofold. First, they have three companies that have gone over the line and pushed it too far. They have cases ending before the National Labor Relations Board. These companies, these special interests, are pushing for this legislation to get them off the hook.  Second, many companies think if they can create this kind of a company union, they can break efforts to organize plants and businesses across the United States by labor organizations. They will come in and say, do not sign up with the international union, we will create our little company union here and, therefore, you will not have to do business with them. It is a way to break down an effort to organize a plant.  Mr. Speaker, I do not think that is a good thing for us to see in this country. The single biggest problem we face in our economy is that working families, middle-class families, are working harder, putting in more hours, going to work, husbands and wives both playing by the rules and beating their heads against the wall. The productivity is up, corporate profits are up, and wages are not up.  Wages are stagnant and people are frustrated and angry and they should be. It is no coincidence we have seen a decline in the size and quality of the middle class in America as we have seen a decline in the size of labor unionism, because those workers no longer have a place at the table in collective bargaining. The TEAM Act is an effort to keep those workers away from the table, put them in little company unions where they can be controlled.  What we need in this country is an honest approach. Collective bargaining. Hard work should be rewarded. People should get a decent paycheck. That is part of the American dream, and it is a darned good reason to vote against the TEAM Act.  