Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, let me say that I understand why the chairman entered into an agreement with the chairman of the Committee on Agriculture on this amendment, but I do not particularly care for the terms of it. Let me tell my colleagues two specific areas that I think are wanting in this en bloc amendment and give them two specific reasons to vote against it.  My colleagues have heard about the cuts in the rural housing program. Last year we spent $1.2 billion on rural housing programs under 502, which is a single-family dwelling program, usually for communities of 50,000 population or less. The administration asks for the same amount of money. With this en bloc amendment we will cut the spending to $500 million, less than half of what it is in the current fiscal year.  The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Callahan] was correct. We have over 100,000 people hoping and praying that they will be able to realize the American dream in their small towns through this housing program, and we will be saying no to more than half of those. In fact, we will be saying no to virtually all of them in the outyears if we follow the course predicted by this en bloc amendment. So there is a substantial cut in rural housing.  Now my colleagues say, ``Well, Mr. Durbin, now that you've said that, where will you come up with the money?'' One of the things the Committee on Agriculture insisted on was a provision which allows those who are in livestock to have special benefits. In other words, we have a provision in the law now which says:  If your livestock feed could be covered by crop insurance; in other words, if you had the ability to protect yourself in case of a disaster, then the Federal Government is not going to race to your rescue if a disaster occurs.  Now that is a provision in law that is sensible because we ought to encourage people, ``Buy insurance. Cover yourself. Don't come begging to Uncle Sam.''  Well, the Committee on Agriculture insisted on lifting that provision and saying that livestock feed that is lost because of a disaster will now be eligible for a disaster payment even if the livestock producer could have bought crop insurance and could have protected himself.  My colleagues, that is the wrong message. If we are going to cut back in Federal spending, and particularly in disaster spending, the message should be, if insurance is out there, buy it, and if you don't buy it, it is at your own peril.  Please join me in opposing the en bloc amendment.  