 If I can use an example, I went to a community college in my homeland, Lincoln Land Community College, to talk about the increased costs of college student loans from the Gingrich Republican proposals, and I asked the students what impact this would have on them when the average student will see an increase of $5,000 in the cost of their college education because of Gingrich Republican proposals, and a number of students said: This is tough, Congressman, it is tough enough now. We want to get out of school and get to work. We stretch out our education because it is so expensive, and now you tell me it is going to be more expensive.  So we broke up the meeting as I started to leave and a young lady came up to me, an African-American lady. She said: I was a little too embarrassed to raise my hand, but let me tell you my story. I am a welfare mother, I have two children. I am coming out to this community college and I have a college student loan. I said, ``What are you studying to be?'' ``I want to be a chef. I am trying to get the courses and training so I can be a chef and make a good living and get off welfare,'' she says. ``Now you tell me it is going to cost me more for this college student loan.'' She looked me in the eye and said, ``What am I doing wrong? Why are you making it tougher.''  We talk about welfare around here as if it is an easy thing for a person to get off. In many cases it might be, but sometimes it takes hard work. She was putting in hard work, finding somebody to watch the kids, going on out to school, taking the courses borrowing money to pay a college student loan, and community college tuition is pretty low, but she did not have it and had to borrow it, and now we are telling her it is going to be more expensive for her to try to get off welfare and go to work and have some personal responsibility. I think we have to remember some people like her around this country who are behind these statistics and standing behind these budgetary names. I think you have pointed it out here, and there are so many other areas too that we ought to be addressing.  