Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, let me say at the outset that this has been an important debate, I think one of the more important debates over the period of time that I have served on this subcommittee, because it has focused on an issue which is literally a life and death issue for American families.  I want to commend my colleague from New York. Over the past several weeks, we have had some real differences of opinion, but I want to salute the gentleman, because he has made an effort in a bipartisan manner to find a reasonable solution to a very difficult problem. Let me try to describe it to you in my terms and to give you an idea of why it is so important.  It was my good fortune at an early point in my life to work in a slaughterhouse. I spend 12 months as a college student working my way through college in a slaughterhouse. I learned a lot. I still eat meat, but I learned a lot about the inspection process, its strengths and its weaknesses.  There are many weaknesses in the current meat and poultry inspection system. But let me say at the outset, the United States is blessed like no other country in the world with one of the safest food supplies. We should never lose sight of that. As consumers, we can be more confident of what we buy in a store and eat in a restaurant than we can in most any other country in the world.  But I came to understand as a young man working in that slaughterhouse that the system we have today does not reach the level of scientific sophistication which American consumers want. Literally, Federal meat and poultry inspectors stand and watch as carcasses go by on the line. If they do not see or smell something unusual, they end up giving it a blue stamp, and off it goes to the store and eventually to our refrigerators and tables.  We now know that it not enough. The tragedy in the State of Washington 2 years ago, which my colleague, the gentleman from Washington [Mr. Dicks], will describe in a moment, riveted our attention on the fact that some of the most vulnerable people in America are subject to dangerous illness and in many cases death from contaminated meat and poultry.  So we decided to do something about it, to move beyond the inspection system which we have used for over 85 years, to something more scientific and up-to-date. What an undertaking it is. Imagine all of the different groups interested in this issue, not just the obvious groups, the meat and poultry processors and producers, but also those who are interested in health issues and consumer issues, the business side of the equation, all of these people, some 200 different groups, coming together and trying now to reach an agreement, if they can, on a new system of meat and poultry inspection.  The gentleman from New York I think accurately represented the anxiety of some of these groups that they are not being taken seriously at the table, that they do not have a voice in the process, and that their concerns are not being weighed as they should be. The gentleman has prevailed on the Secretary of Agriculture to step in personally, as we will and as he has promised, and his word is good, that he will make sure as best he can it will be an orderly process with a good conclusion.  I might add, as Secretary Glickman has personally, we cannot guarantee that everyone will end up happy when it is all over. What we can do is get everyone their day in court, everyone an opportunity to express themselves.  Over the past 2 weeks I have received phone calls from Tarpov Packing Co. in Granite City, and Hansen Packing Co. in Jerseyville, IL, small operations, saying, ``Dick Durbin, you are our friend, we know you want to help us, but do not do something that will put us out of business.'' I understand that. We do not want to put them out of business. We want to make changes that are sensible and reasonable, that protect American consumers.  As I said before, the reason why this is a more important debate than most is it is literally a life and death issue.  Nancy Donley of Chicago is a person I have come to know over the past several weeks. I talked to her just yesterday. This Tuesday was the second anniversary of the death of her 6-year-old son Alex. Alex ate a hamburger, it was contaminated with E. coli, and it killed him. She has written letters, which I will not read to you here but which have been part of the record in our committee, which I think would touch the heart of everyone.  So as we focus on this issue, it goes beyond numbers, it goes beyond bureaucracy, it goes beyond agency, it goes to the very human tragedies which can occur if we do not do our job right.  I salute the gentleman from New York, he is doing the right thing today. I think he has made real progress on this issue. I look forward to a satisfactory conclusion.  