Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Think about this amendment for just a second. The amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bunning] will close down the Food and Drug Administration. It will close it down, no funding, and then tomorrow what will happen? The Food and Drug Administration, which is responsible for monitoring the Nation's blood supply so that when someone is in an accident and goes to the emergency room they do not have to worry about that transfusion passing the HIV virus to them? Out of business. The Food and Drug Administration which inspects mammography clinics where our wives and loved ones who go in for breasts examinations can be assured the instruments are accurate and the people working there are professional; the FDA inspects those. Out of business. The Food and Drug Administration which review drugs on the market to try to protect us from disease and help live our lives a little longer, live a little longer, out of business. I ask if this is the Republican revolution that was voted for last year. Is this what they were looking for to get Government off our back, to take the Food and Drug Administration out of business of making sure that the foods, and drugs, and medical devices coming into our homes are safe and effective? I do not think so. I think what Americans are looking for are smart people here in this Chamber pushing for legislation to make more effective Government, not closing down the Food and Drug Administration.  Mr. Chairman, this is a kind of extreme position which I hope all Members of Congress would understand is unwise for America's future. Democrats and Republicans alike should defeat this amendment and perhaps join the gentleman from Kentucky in reforming this agency. There are things we can do to reform it, but turning out the lights is hardly reform. It really closes down an agency that is vitally important to every American family. I hope we will all join in defeating this amendment.  