Chairman, this is not a routine or simple bill. This is a bill of vast significance.  The unfunded mandate bill, taken together with the balanced budget amendment, if both are passed and signed into law, will call for a significant reordering of priorities in government between Federal, State, and local branches.  Now, I do not at this point suggest that we will prevail on the minority side, but I hope that some of the amendments we offer will be considered by our friends in the Republican majority.  This bill, the unfunded mandate bill, is a basic and sound, good concept. I was happy to cosponsor legislation by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Moran] addressing the same subject last year. But in this session of Congress, the Republicans have gone too far, too fast, and their approach is too extreme.  This bill comes to the floor without a public hearing. Consider the significance of this bill and the fact that we have not invited those who will deal with it to talk about its consequences.  As a result, in their haste to pass the bill, the Republicans have ignored many real health and safety problems they are going to create. The unfunded mandate bill in many ways puts the health and safety of our families at risk. This bill is about the water that flows in our streams and rivers. It is about the water our children drink and whether or not that water is going to be pure and safe. It is that basic. It is that simple.  By exempting State and local governments from so-called Federal mandates for clean drinking water, for clean water and clean air, we are, in fact, involved in a gamble, a gamble that States and localities will do the right thing.  My district is on the Mississippi River. We have virtually a third of the continental United States pouring into that river. States upstream and localities which decide that they are no longer bound by Federal standards may or may not live by those standards. If they do not, my constituents in Illinois will pay for that decision.  I think each and every one of us wants to go to bed at night confident that basic issues about safe drinking water, about nuclear waste disposal, about the safety of landfills, are consistent nationwide. If someone moves from one State to the next, they should have confidence that their family is still safe. Unfunded mandates can also hurt private business, holding them to higher standards than their government competitors. Now, is it not ironic, the first action of the new House under the Contract With America was to pass a rule applying all the laws that we have enacted to ourselves as they would apply to private citizens. And now the second act of Congress, with this legislation, is to enact a principle that State and local governments should be exempt from those same laws. I think that is fundamentally inconsistent. I would suggest to the Members of the House that this bill deserves thorough scrutiny before we give it our approval and passage on the floor.  