Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I want to personally thank my colleague and friend, the chairman of this committee, Joe Skeen of New Mexico. There are accolades which are tossed around this floor very loosely. I want those who are listening to know that I am genuinely sincere in saying that my service in this Congress has been enhanced from the time I arrived by the fact that the gentleman from New Mexico [Mr. Skeen] and I have worked together, first on the Committee on Agriculture and now on the Committee on Appropriations.  He is a gentleman. He is an honorable man. He is very bipartisan. It has been my pleasure to work with him, and I consider it to be one of the highlights of my service in the House of Representatives.  That is not to say that we will not disagree on a few elements in this bill. I am sure we will. But the fact is that we work closely together to try to come up with a bill that addresses a very serious problem. We have an important area of Federal spending here when it comes to agriculture, rural development, the Food and Drug Administration and related agencies. And this year as last year, we were asked to cut more than $1 billion in discretionary spending.  These are not the kind of illusory cuts that you might have heard of in other bills. These are real cuts and real programs. Some of them are cuts which I am not happy with and the chairman is not happy with either. But this is our fate in life, to meet this responsibility, to help reduce this federal budget deficit.  I might say that the gentleman from New Mexico has done his very best, as I have, too, to preserve important programs for American agriculture which is too often taken for granted. I regret that some of the programs that we have cut which are important to rural development will in fact reduce the opportunity for building new housing in small town America and modernizing sewer and water systems. We will debate that a little bit later, I am sure.  I do want to salute my colleague from New Mexico for one effort which he made at my request, and I know he took some grief for it. He insisted on maintaining the level of funding for the WIC program at this year's case load level. For those who are not familiar with the program, the women, infants, and children program is an effort by the Federal Government to make sure that low income and poor mothers and children do not go hungry, either during the pregnancy or after the child is born.  This program has been a spectacular success. Across America, in clinics far and wide, men and women come together to counsel pregnant mothers on the appropriate nutrition during their pregnancy in the hopes that their children will be born healthy with a bright future. Time and again we have succeeded. What is a modest investment in tomorrow's leaders in America has paid off handsomely.  The administration had hoped when elected that we could expand this program dramatically. Budget realities have reduced that prospect. But the gentleman from New Mexico was very diligent in his efforts to make sure that the case load of people, women and children, served this year, this fiscal year, would be maintained into the next fiscal year, which required several hundred million dollars of additional expenditure.  I can assure the gentleman that I personally appreciate his efforts in this regard and his efforts overall in putting together a very difficult bill. As I said, we may disagree on some particulars as we go into the bill, but I know that he has come to the table in good faith in an effort as the new chairman to do a professional job. I can assure all those listening on both sides of the aisle he has done just that.  Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio [Ms. Kaptur].  