Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, this is an amendment which is offered by myself, the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Wilson], the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Castle], and the gentleman from New York [Mr. Boehlert]. We will evenly divide the time on our side, the 20 minutes that has been allocated to us.  Let me try to explain the simplicity of this amendment. We all know of the strength and indestructibility of the human body. But we also know that if we as humans are exposed--we are all aware of the indestructibility in many instances and strength of the human body. But we also know that there are certain substances which our bodies can be exposed to which can increase the risk of disease and death.  One of the most dangerous categories is a category known as carcinogens, substances which when we are exposed to them over a period of time increase the likelihood that we will contract cancer or some other fatal disease.  The Environmental Protection Agency, at the Federal level, takes a look at the thousands of substances which we were exposed to as Americans to investigated by the Environmental Protection Agency. They divide these substances into hundreds which they believe cause cancer. Then they subdivide those cancer-causing substances into three areas: known causes of cancer, probable causes of cancer, and suspected causes of cancer.  This amendment only addresses known causes of cancer and lead, lead, of course, being particularly dangerous to young children. So what we are doing is to narrow the scope of this activity of the EPA, saying that under no circumstances will this bill in any of its provisions stop this agency from protecting Americans from the unseen hazards in our water and air, which can cause cancer to our families. To me, it is nothing short of incredible that we are having this debate today.  Who in the last election stood up and said, I want less government, I want the EPA out of the business of protecting us from cancer-causing substances? I venture a guess, no one said that. We count on the EPA to make certain that we are not exposed to arsenic, benzene, dioxin, lead, and other known carcinogens.  Yet it is necessary to offer this amendment. We just had an important vote on the floor on 17 riders to this bill which would have challenged the premise as to whether the EPA has the right to assert that jurisdiction. The purpose of this amendment, which the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Wilson] and I offer, is to state clearly and unequivocally the EPA has this authority, no matter what else is put in the bill.  