Speaker, if the gentleman would yield, I wish to thank him for this special order and thank my colleagues for coming this evening.  I have just returned from my district and lost my voice in the process, but traveling through the city of Chicago and all through southern Illinois this is the No. 1 issue on people's minds, and they say, Congressman Durbin, what are they proposing in terms of changes for Medicare? I am embarrassed to tell them I do not know. What we have are rumors and suggestions.  They say to me, well, time and again, when it gets to a program this basic to American families and their future, Members are surely not going to vote on something until they have had at least some hearings to determine what the impact will be. Well, the simple fact of the matter is, we will not have those hearings. The decision has been made by the Republican leadership to move this bill through, this magical, mystery, Medicare massacre through without the hearings, without an opportunity for the public to hear about it.  People will remember 2 years ago when President Clinton had a health care plan. The Republicans, then in the minority, screamed bloody murder. We need the plan. We need it in detail. We want to go ahead and analyze it, do not take a step until we do. Now that the Republicans are in control, now that they have their mitts on Medicare and Medicaid, they are going to push this thing through without a hearing.  I tell my colleagues what is disastrous about it. In my part of the world, downstate Illinois and many rural communities, we will see hospitals close. This Gingrich-Dole plan is for closing hospitals. Hospitals dependent on Medicare and Medicaid will not have the resources to stay open.  We will see kids in this country denied health care. That is just not some political exaggeration. That is a fact. Twenty-four percent of the kids in America live in poverty. They depend on Medicaid for the basic health care to keep them alive and healthy. When we cut $180 billion, let me tell my colleagues there will be real losers among those kids.  Tell me what the sick kid is going to mean to the future of this country? For his family and our Nation it is a tragedy. A group often overlooked on Medicaid is the disabled community. We say Medicaid, that is just for poor people. No, it is for seniors and disabled folks, too. Disabled people who literally survive, literally physically survive because of a Medicaid payment that picks up a home health care service so that they can literally stay alive from day-to-day and week-to-week.  With that much at stake, it is unconscionable, unconscionable that we would move this bill through without even seeing the details; that there would be some $80 or $90 billion that we do not know about. It is like a meatloaf. We will stick everything in there. Here it is, the middle of the week, and we will go ahead and serve it up.  It is much more serious, and I thank the gentleman for this special order, and I hope a lot of people listening who have a stake in this Medicare and Medicaid, as every family in America does, will tune into what is happening in Washington. This is not good government at work, this is politics at work. It is a cut in Medicare-Medicaid to pay for a tax cut for wealthy people. That is it. This is not saving Medicare, this is saving the skins of the fat cats and the profitable corporations.  Mr. Speaker, I believe Americans had better tune in, get on the phone and call their Congressman and Senator and say slow this train down, we want to know what Congress is doing to Medicare, we want to know what Congress is doing to our families.  I thank the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Doggett] for his special order.  