Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding time to me.  Mr. Speaker, this morning if Members watched ``Good Morning America'' or other news shows, they talked about American heroes in Oklahoma City, and our heart goes out to these wonderful men and women who sacrificed so much, and at many times put their own lives in peril, to help others.  I want to introduce Members to another American hero, a person who is listening to this debate today very carefully, a person who wants to know what this House of Representatives feels about Medicare and Medicaid.  The person I want to introduce Members to is Mr. Solon Blundell of Huntsville, AL. Here is an American hero. Mr. Blundell, 72 years old, spent 20 years caring for his mother-in-law who had suffered a series of strokes and was paralyzed. When he wanted to retire from his job as an engineer, he was forced to work an additional 4 years so he could have adequate funds and medical coverage to take care of his mother-in-law.  If fate had not dealt him that tough card alone, it turns out that his daughter Becky, suffering from Lou Gehrig's disease and now on a respirator, must depend on Medicaid to make sure that her medical bills are paid for. Mr. Blundell, in Huntsville, AL, and his wife are real heroes and heroines, working across America as so many seniors do to try to get by, to try to care for others.  Therefore, we have to ask ourselves this fundamental question. If these people need this basic program of Medicare to provide help for themselves and for others, why are the Republicans coming today to cut Medicare under the Republican budget resolution?  They will tell us they are going to spend more money in a few years on Medicare. That is true. What they do not tell us is that the actual cost of Medicare is going to go up even higher than the money they are providing. What they do not tell us is that more seniors will qualify for Medicare, and they will not have the funds to provide it.  What does it mean to Mr. Blundell and so many other families across America? It means more money out of pocket, it means more premiums, it means more coinsurance payments, it means the loss of some Medicare services. It leads to possible rationing. It could lead to eliminating his family's choice of the doctor that they want.  Is that the vision of America that we want to see? In this debate on a balanced budget, let us focus on why we are making these cuts. The reasons the Republicans are cutting Medicare almost $300 billion is because they need almost $300 billion to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy.  Their plan that they put forward in this Chamber, which carried in large part by Republican votes, gave tax breaks to wealthy individuals making over $100,000 a year, and the most profitable corporations in America. To plug that hole in the Treasury, where do they turn? The program Mr. Blundell turns to every day to make sure that his mother-in-law and now his daughter have adequate medical care. [[Page H5115]]   Mr. Speaker, I hope we will think twice. This debate is not about statistics, it is not about a toteboard running in the background, it is about real people and real American heroes.  