Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I would like to speak against this amendment, and I would like to agree with the previous speaker from Alabama. What the gentleman from Delaware is setting out to do is very important. I think he has accurately identified a real problem that we face in small-town America. It applies to the State of Illinois, virtually every State, because in the smaller communities low-income families are finding it impossible to own a home and to certainly own a quality home. The average income of the families, the borrowers who applied for 502 housing, is about $15,000 a year, and to put that in simple terms, it is a husband and a wife each earning a little bit more than the minimum wage who are trying to get their first starter home, and if there is ever anything we in America value as part of the American dream, that is it, and the gentleman from Delaware is trying to find resources to put into this program, and I am with him 100 percent.  But, as the gentleman from Alabama and the gentleman from New Mexico said, he has turned to the wrong places to find them because he is causing pain in other areas which I am afraid is equal to or greater than the pain to be felt in the housing area. ``When you want to cut $21 million from conservation operations,'' I tell my friend from Delaware, ``you are going to permanently close 140 field offices across the United States, 3.1 million acres will not be treated with conservation measures, 50,000 farmers will not receive technical assistance, and 11\1/2\ million tons of soil erosion will occur.''  Mr. Chairman, if someone is listening to that, they will say, ``So what? Water flows into rivers every day.'' The so what is that in my town of Springfield, IL, in Dover, DE, in places all across the United States where we rely on a public water supply, this sedimentation causes great pain and problems from the viewpoint of the quality of water and the quantity of water. So where we think we are saving money and cutting conservation we are adding to the expense of living in a city.  The same thing can be said for other cuts proposed by the gentleman. His cuts in the consolidated Farm Service Agency of $17\1/2\ million--I am sorry; his cuts are in addition to the $17\1/2\ million made last night in the en bloc amendment. This is going to hurt that agency, in doing its job overall. The cuts in Public Law 480, on humanitarian aid: We have been cutting back in Public Law 480 year, after year, after year, and what is left is very little to try to respond to genuine world crises in a very moderate way. I know the gentleman is just as sensitive to that as I am.  So, Mr. Chairman, I would join with the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Callahan], who said earlier that we want to help put more money in 502. I think the sources identified by the gentleman from Delaware are not the places to turn to, and I will be opposing his amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  