Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, several minutes ago I yielded to the gentleman from New York. That was a triumph of courtesy over common sense, because I disagree with him so much and yet respect, of course, his right to express his point of view.  It troubles me for him to take the floor and to criticize this bill because it has not reformed agriculture in America. The bottom line is we have done many things in this subcommittee to bring significant reform in the area of agricultural policy.  Two years ago we made, I think, a significant advance in terms of reforming crop insurance in this country, a program that was costing taxpayers over $200 million a year, and because of provisions in our bill we have pushed forward a reform that will literally save billions of dollars for taxpayers over the life of the program.  Again, in the area of housing which the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Castle] just addressed, because of investigations by this subcommittee, by actions in this subcommittee we have pushed for reforms in the authorizing legislation on housing programs that will mean that the taxpayers' dollars will be more carefully guarded. It also means that, frankly, we will be building more and better housing at a lower cost. You cannot beat that.  The bottom line is, if you want to reform agriculture, you have to go to the Committee on Agriculture. I sincerely hope the gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Roberts] who just rose and said he opposed this bill will have second thoughts when it comes to final passage.  We have done our job. We have accepted our responsibility. We were told to pass an appropriations bill. We worked long and hard to do it.  Now I hope his Committee on Agriculture will accept its responsibility. I hope for the first time since Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal, we will not see the Committee on Agriculture drop the ball and fail to write a farm bill. I served on that Committee on Agriculture many years ago. I served on the Committee on the Budget, too.  When I hear people on the Committee on Agriculture saying they are going to let the Committee on the Budget write the farm bill now, I am worried. There are bean growers on the Committee on Agriculture; there are bean counters on the Committee on the Budget. Let us put the farm bill in the hands of the bean growers, the people who understand agriculture, who live in small town America.  I sincerely hope the gentleman from Kansas who takes exception to our bill will roll up his sleeves in his own committee and address real agricultural reform. I think that is only fair. We have tried our best to stay out of any area in this bill that might offend him. I am sure there have been areas where we have crossed the line. It was not intentional.  But I hope that he accepts his responsibility and the responsibility of his Committee on Agriculture. I will join him in that effort. I think all members of the subcommittee will join him in that effort.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  