Speaker, this is a sad situation. I do not take any comfort in standing in this well realizing that a quarter of a million Federal employees have been sent home.  Some people on the Republican side of the aisle believe that this is part of a grand political strategy. They say it is a matter of principle. If it is a matter of principle, you should put your own paychecks on the line, not the paychecks of innocent Federal employees who showed up for work ready to do their job, and were sent home to an uncertain future and for many of them an unhappy Christmas season.  But the sad fact of the matter is, neither Speaker Newt Gingrich nor any of the Republican leaders has been willing to put his paycheck on the line and say, as a matter of principle, ``I will not get paid until this budget crisis is over.'' No, you will all be in line to get your checks but you say to a quarter of a million Federal employees, ``You are the ones who will have to sacrifice for principle.''  So tonight comes this resolution because, quite frankly, we all honor the veterans. We want to do our best by them, and maybe inadvertently, but certainly you have to admit it is a fact, the veterans are losing out because of the Republican strategy. They may not get their checks in time, and the Republicans are afraid of that. They are afraid of facing veterans' groups, trying to explain how this crazy strategy of theirs did not penalize any Republican Members of Congress but may have penalized some veterans unwittingly.  I will be with you on the veterans, but let me tell you, do not forget the other people you are hurting.  When you suspend medical research at the National Institutes of Health, you are hurting every family in America. When you suspend the awarding of Pell grants and student loans to kids from working families, you are hurting every family in America. When you suspend the activities of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, you are saying to families who have been dreaming for a lifetime that they might own their own home, ``Wait until Newt is ready.'' That is unfair.  If it is a matter of principle, put your own paycheck on the line. Do not put the paychecks of 250,000 innocent Federal employees on the line. Support ``no budget, no pay.'' It is the only way to end this crisis.  