Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Connecticut [Ms. DeLauro].  As my colleagues know, one of the interesting things over the last 12 or 13 years is how popular this balanced budget amendment has become and how necessary in many respects, and yet each of us who serves in this Chamber knows that we have it within our own power to deal with this budget on a regular basis and try to reduce spending.  Last year I came to the floor with a reduction in an appropriation bill of 10 percent from the previous year, $1.3 billion in cuts, and I am sorry to report to my colleagues that many of the people who have this extreme passion for a balanced budget amendment were nowhere to be found when I needed their votes to pass my appropriation. They call for major surgery on the deficit, and they faint at the sight of blood when they see appropriation cuts, and that happened time and time again.  So I think now what we are saying now to the   people who are proposing this bumper sticker balanced budget amendment is, ``Get real. Tell us what we can live with, what you're prepared to live with. Put it on paper. Tell us what you are prepared to vote for. [[Page H206]] Take it home and explain to your voters, as all of us are required to.'' And I do not think that is unreasonable.  As my colleagues know, ultimately the fate of this balanced budget amendment is not in this Chamber. We will pass it, I suppose, and the Senate might. Then it goes off to the State legislatures, and it takes 38 of them to approve it for it to become the law. Some 7,424 State legislators will actually decide whether or not there will be a balanced budget amendment in the Constitution.  Recently a Wall Street Journal article went around and asked some of those State legislators, some of whom had supported this in the past, what they thought of it now that it was on the horizon. A gentleman from Delaware, State Senator Robert Connor, a Republican, said, ``For us it could be devastating. In the end we could be left with severe budget cuts and an increase in taxes in Delaware.''  In Alabama a Democratic representative, Michael Bach, said it was a farce. The way the amendment looks now it simply shifts the burden to us. That is not what the people of Alabama need.  So, finally some folks are starting to realize what it is all about.  Going back to my earlier point, I hope the Governor of California will at least pause and think when he calls up his congressional delegation here in Washington and says, ``We need help in California,'' that he is the same Governor who just at Tuesday's press conference in Sacramento said of the Federal Government, quote, we are going to sue their butts off, close quote, because they are imposing burdens on us that we should not have to pay for. Well, honestly I think we should come to the help of the people of California, but it would be helpful also if the Governor of California would sit down and at least take a look at his own request, that we, a deficit-ridden Federal Government, are coming to the rescue again, as we should, of residents of his State. And all of the people who are telling us, ``Pass the balanced budget amendment; reduce the amount of money you have,'' should stop and think in Sacramento, CA, in Springfield, IL, in State capitals all across the country, that they will have new obligations and new responsibilities.  Let us get real. Let us get responsible. Let us be honest with the people of this country and let them know what is in store with the balanced budget amendment.  The gentlewoman from Connecticut.  Ms. DeLAURO. I would just like to say to my colleagues, that's absolutely correct, and that is all we are asking for, is to have that opportunity for the discussion and for the debate.  And I join my colleagues today and others, and I think what I am prepared to do is to have this discussion and debate on a daily basis, if that is what is required in order to try to get the information out to the American people as to what, in fact, we are deliberating here and how it is being deliberated. We have to call on people who are in positions as Governors and elected officials to be responsible. It is not just a bumper sticker. It is not just a slogan.  If that is what we were doing in the past, and that is what we have decried and said we are not going to do in the future, then let us not go back to business as usual. Let us not do that. The American people, as I said earlier, deserve better than that, and we have an opportunity here. That is what we were sent here to do; that is what Governors were elected to do as well.  