Chairman, I do not profess to be an expert on any subject. But I come to this debate with some experience. Prior of my election to Congress, I spent 10 years practicing law, specializing in medical malpractice. I defended doctors, and I brought suit against them.  Let me ask my colleagues, if they can for a few moments, to forget the lobbyists, forget the companies, the insurance companies, and forget all of the special interests and listen to one simple tragic story.  One of my first cases involved a baby girl. I would say to the gentleman from California, Mr. Cox, and to the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Pete Geren, that like most parents in America, these parents took their baby girl to the pediatrician for her baby shots. Unfortunately, this little girl has suffered from a rash called roseola a few days before she went for her shots. Because of the doctor's failure to ask and examine, the little girl suffered a devastating reaction to the vaccination. The brain damage was so severe she was left in a permanent vegetative state. She would never speak, never walk, never go to school. She would be in diapers as long as she lived.  For 5 years or 50 years or more, she and her loving parents would suffer from the negligent act of that doctor.  Mr. Cox and his amendment would decide that no matter how long she lived, no matter how long she suffered, her maximum recovery for pain and suffering would be $250,000. Mr. Cox would take away from any court or jury in America the right to decide that she and her parents deserve 1 penny more.  My Republican colleagues call this common sense legal reform. Limiting a deserving victim's right to recover for pain and suffering does not even reach the threshold of common decency.  We are not talking about frivolous lawsuits. We are talking about parents facing a lifetime of caretaking because of a doctor's negligence. We are not talking about verdicts that we giggle about when we hear about them on the radio. We are talking about verdicts that when you hear about them you say, it could not be enough. You could not pay me enough money to live with that injury to myself or my baby.  But Mr. Cox is prepared to say no matter what your injury, no matter what your pain, no matter how many years you will be crippled and broken, your right to recover will be limited.  Our system of justice is far from perfect, but this Cox amendment would invite tragic, unjust results which would be visited on the lives of innocent victims and their families for decades to come.  This amendment is mean in the extreme. Vote ``no.''  