 President, as we all know congressional lame duck sessions following an election are a rarity. They usually arise when Congress is unable to finish its business in a timely fashion, and that is true with this year as well.  But this session affords me and this Congress an opportunity to acknowledge and pay tribute to the service of an esteemed colleague. Senator Slade Gorton, the Senior Senator from Washington state, will be ending his service here after 18 years in the Senate.  Washingtonians--regardless of party affiliation--have come up to me with high praise and appreciation for Senator Gorton's long service to our state, our country and this proud institution.  I want to share with my colleagues a passage from an editorial this week in the Everett Herald. The Herald editorial reads,       History will rank Gorton with Senator Henry M. ``Scoop''      Jackson and Senator Warren G. Magnuson as an extraordinary      leader in D.C. on behalf of the state.       Throughout his career in the Senate and state government,      Gorton has been a leading force in many major efforts to      protect the environment.       He also has been a consistent, passionate advocate for      individuals with problems dealing with bureaucracy.       Within the Senate, Gorton has been a grand force for      reasoned bipartisanship, never afraid to take a strong stand      but also willing to work graciously and effectively with      members of the opposition even at the tensest moments.  Many of our colleagues are well aware of Slade's history of public service. As a young man, Slade Gorton moved to Washington state from Chicago almost 50 years ago.  He wanted to go West in search of new opportunities. And with $300 and a one-way ticket on a Greyhound bus, Slade Gorton moved to Washington State.  History has shown that this Midwest native fit right into Washington State. And like so many immigrants to our great State, Slade Gorton was welcomed and given an opportunity to make the most of his talents.  From the very beginning, Slade Gorton went to work on behalf of Washington State. First, he married Sally Clark from Selah, Washington. That same year--1958--Slade went into politics and was elected to the Washington State House of Representatives where he rose to serve as the majority leader.  In 1968, he was elected attorney general of Washington State. On numerous occasions on several historic cases, Slade represented the people of Washington before the Supreme Court.  Chief Justice Warren Burger once said that Slade, ``makes the best arguments before the Supreme Court of any Attorney General in America.'' He was also recognized with the prestigious Wyman Award given to the outstanding attorney general in the United States.  By this time, Slade had also become a respected leader throughout Washington State.  After three terms as the Washington State Attorney General, Slade Gorton ran for an won a seat in the United States Senate. He was elected three times to the United States Senate giving him an impressive record of winning statewide election six times in Washington.  All of this is offered as a brief history of Slade's many years of service. With time, there will certainly be many public tributes to Senator Gorton. Butwhat I'd like to focus on now is our time together in the United States Senate and the work we were able to do together over the last eight years.  I am sure all of my colleagues share my own appreciation for the support, guidance, and sacrifices our families make so that we can serve in the Senate. Our successes throughout our careers in public service are shared with our families. We rely on them in so many ways.  And that is certainly true for Slade Gorton. Sally and Slade have been partners for all of his years of service. From Olympia, Washington to Washington, D.C., Sally Gorton has been there each and every day. She and Slade have three children and seven grandchildren, who I know bring immense pride to the Gorton family.  So, as we acknowledge and honor Slade Gorton, I want to pay special tribute to Sally Gorton and the entire Gorton Family. We've all had to endure some tough things in seeking to represent our States in the Senate. We accept that politics can sometimes be rough.  Our families--as our biggest defenders--often take it more personally than we do. And, like all political families, the Gorton family has been instrumental to all of Slade's many successes. Washington State is proud and appreciative of all that Sally Gorton has also done.  Much has been said in Washington State about the differences between Senator Gorton and myself. And while Slade and I have had our differences, not enough has been said about our ability to work together on behalf of Washington State.  Slade Gorton was a champion for Washington State. When the interests of Washington State were at stake, we were a great team.  I will miss our ability to work together on a bipartisan basis, combining our strengths, to represent our great State.  As my colleagues know, there is also no greater adversary in the United States Senate than Slade Gorton.  When Senator Gorton took on an issue, everyone knew they had better prepare for an energetic and spirited fight. Senators on both sides of the aisle know what a challenge it is to take on Senator Gorton.  Most of you didn't have to take those fights home to your constituencies like I did. But those differences between Senator Gorton and I were rare. And they were never personal or vindictive. There were no political vendettas, and we were always able to move onto the next issue of importance to our constituents.  Ask the Clinton administration and the Justice Department what it is like to take on an issue and differ with Slade Gorton. He was a champion for Microsoft in its ongoing legal battles with the Department of Justice. I respected his work on behalf of Microsoft and was proud to work with him on behalf of our constituents. And certainly, all of Washington State appreciated his determined efforts to represent one of the great symbols of Washington State.  Ask the Bush administration what it was like to do battle with Slade Gorton when he fought his own party to save the National Endowment for the Arts.  Despite Washington, DC's strong desire to label us all, Slade was always open. And when he took on a cause, he often surprised people. Throughout his career in both Washingtons, Slade defied labels.  Most recently, Senator Gorton and I worked very closely on the issue of pipeline safety. Unfortunately, a tragedy in Bellingham, Washington claimed three young lives and scarred forever a community. Slade was right there with me from the very beginning, working to raise the profile of the issue and eventually pass through the Senate the toughest pipeline safety legislation ever adopted by either body of Congress. Senator Gorton was instrumental to this effort. Working together, we took on some very powerful interests and extracted some tough compromises.  At the Appropriations Committee, Senator Gorton and I teamed up on numerous instances each and every year to advance and protect Washington's many interests. From agriculture research programs benefiting apple growers and wheat farmers to export promotion programs to land exchanges.  Washington was the only State with two appropriators. We were fortunate. More so because Slade chaired the Interior Subcommittee where Washington has so many interests.  We worked together to clean up the Hanford Nuclear Reservation. We were partners in the effort to ease the Puget Sound area's very difficult traffic congestion problems at the Transportation Subcommittee where we both served.  Beyond the Appropriations Committee, there are so many other issues that we worked well together on behalf of Washington State. Commercial fisheries is immensely important to our State and we worked closely on the Magnuson-Stevens Act in 1996 and the American Fisheries Act in 1998. We recently worked together to pay tribute to a Nisei veteran and Washington State native William Kenzo Nakamura by naming a courthouse after him in Seattle, Washington.  We did work collaboratively on selecting Federal judges in a time when confirming judges was overly partisan. We succeeded in getting our judges through this difficult process by working together.  Time and again, we both worked to help Boeing in its relationships with many foreign aircraft customers. Whether working with USTR or a foreign government, Slade worked hard for the almost 100,000 Washington State families who work at Boeing and rely on aircraft sales.  Senator Gorton and I also worked closely on health care issues important to our constituents. We worked together to boost the growing biotech sector in our State and the promising future that companies like Immunex and others are building in Washington State. From securing research dollars to representing the UW Medical School, Washington State's health care needs were well served by the work of Senator Gorton. Here, like in so many areas, he had an impact for the betterment of our State and our country. He was a champion on autism issues and I regularly worked with him to expand health care for children.  Senator Gorton was always known for tremendous staff work both in Washington, DC and throughout the State of Washington. He has served as a mentor to literally thousands of professionals. The family tree of Gorton staffers past and present is a truly impressive list of Washingtonians.  One of Senator Gorton's greatest and lasting contributions to our State will be the years of public service his former staffers will give to Washington State.  My staff and I have worked closely with Senator Gorton's staff. That working relationship was always interrupted by an annual softball game that could be as competitive as any Apple Cup football game between the University of Washington and Washington State University. I am proud to say the Murray softball team won its share of games. But so did the Gorton team. And there were a couple of years where Senator Gorton himself contributed to his team's wins. It was a friendly rivalry but I am sure Slade will agree, we both really wanted to win that game.  The Gorton staff is as loyal as any on Capitol Hill. And I am sure they will have an opportunity to thank Senator Gorton for all of his personal and professional guidance and assistance.  But I am also sure they would want me to say to Senator Gorton that they believed in his work and that they will always be proud to call themselves Gorton staffers.  This is certainly a time of change for the country and for the Senate. And while Senator Gorton will leave the Senate, we shouldn't expect to see him fade from the public scene. At home, he will continue to be a respected leader with perhaps many opportunities ahead to further shape and influence our State.  And, perhaps his service in Washington, DC will continue as well. Change may seem uncertain but I am confident--just as he did almost 50 years ago on the Greyhound bus--that Senator Gorton will make the most of the new opportunities to come.  Senator Gorton, on behalf of all of Washington State, thank you for making Washington State your home. We have benefited enormously from the decision you made as a young man to settle in Washington State. Your service here in the Senate is one proud part of a dedicated and accomplished career in public service.  I yield the floor to my colleague Senator Gordon Smith from Oregon.  