 President, I have come to the floor today to offer my support and thanks to Senators Bingaman and Kennedy for offering this extremely important amendment.  Senator Kerry is exactly correct. The budget proposal before us is a sleight of hand. We should not be duped by that. It is very clear, in looking at the budget, that it shortchanges America's students.  The Republican budget proposal says tax cuts for a few are more important than a first-rate education for all of our children. Their budget tells students across America a tax cut is more important than their future.  We think that is wrong. We think that is incredibly wrong. We do not think America's students should only get the spare change left over after the Republican tax cut. America's students should not be the last in line in this budget. That is why we are offering this amendment today, to make sure all students get the resources they need to reach their full potential.  The Republican budget that is before us is very crafty because at first glance it looks as if education funding has been increased. But when you look closely at the numbers, it is really an empty promise. Senator Kerry of Massachusetts pointed that out. The rhetoric of this budget does not meet its reality.  I do want to acknowledge one thing. This underlying budget does one thing right. It does fund special education programs that the Senator from New Hampshire talked so eloquently about a few moments ago. That is important. We agree with that. Unfortunately,that is the only thing this budget does well.  But every other education investment--whether it is reducing class size or improving teacher quality or modernizing our schools--is not treated as a priority in this budget. There are no guarantees in this budget that those other vital education programs will get the investments they need to continue to help America's students.  This budget funds one program and leaves the other programs hanging. It does not have to be this way. That is why I am supporting the Bingaman amendment.  This amendment says we can support special education. In fact, we support the same level as the Senator from New Hampshire. We are not disagreeing with that. But it says we can fund that and other key education investments at the same time. We should not have to choose which students get served. We should be serving every student. This amendment shows us how we can do that.  This budget's misplaced priorities will be felt in classrooms across the country. I am very concerned that this budget does not provide the resources to help our public schools move forward. I am concerned that this budget abandons the programs we know are working for students across this country.  Parents are asking us--pleading with us--to become partners with their local districts to help them with overcrowded classrooms. This Republican budget fails to make a commitment to reduce class size.  Teachers are asking us for more help in mastering the best ways to teach our children the basics. The Republican budget fails to make a commitment to teacher quality.  Students are asking us for schools where they can feel safe and secure when they get off that schoolbus or walk to school every day. This Republican budget fails to make a commitment to school safety.  Parents are asking--and pleading--for afterschool programs so their children will not get into trouble or become victims of violence after school. This Republican budget fails to make a commitment to afterschool programs.  Teachers and students are asking for school buildings that are modern. This Republican budget fails to make a commitment to modernizing our aging schools.  The American people are asking for a stronger commitment to the programs that make a difference in their child's education. But the Republicans are too focused on their exploding tax cut to meet these needs of America's students.  This budget freezes our progress. That is why our amendment would put the resources where parents and teachers and students need them the most.  The amendment before us will ensure adequate funding for a number of key educational priorities. To reduce overcrowded classrooms, this amendment will provide $1.75 billion to continue our Class Size Reduction Program. Any Senator here can go home to their State, to their local schools that have taken advantage of the class size money we have passed over the last 2 years, and talk to teachers, and hear them say the same things I hear; which is, it has made an incredible difference.  I have teachers tell me every time I visit one of these classrooms that, where 5 years ago, 3 years ago, they had 24, 25, 30 kids in a classroom, that today, where they have 16, 17, 18 kids in a classroom, the difference is remarkable.  Teachers tell me in the small classes we have provided dollars for, in the first, second, and third grades, that those students--every one of them--will be able to read at the end of this year because of that reduced class size. This is making a difference. We have to keep that obligation going. We need to keep that partnership going.  Schools tell me every day they could not have done it without the commitment and the partnership of the Federal Government. The underlying budget fails to meet that. With this amendment, we on our Democratic side meet that obligation.  Our amendment modernizes school buildings by providing $1.3 billion. I was in a school a week ago where kids were in portables with no running water. In order to go to the bathroom they had to go outside in the rain, which is not uncommon in my State, go to another building and come back soaked. I saw kids in coats in classrooms because there was not enough heat in the school buildings.  We recognize we have an obligation, a partnership that we need to provide at the Federal level to meet these basic needs. Our amendment does that. This amendment looks at improving teacher quality. It provides $2 billion for professional development to recruit new educators and reward excellent teachers. We all understand that we need to make sure we have young people today committed to becoming teachers for our students tomorrow. We need to provide the dollars to partner with our local schools to make sure that they can recruit those best and brightest among our young students to be the teachers for our classrooms tomorrow.  This amendment ensures that students have safe educational activities at the end of the school day. It ensures adequate funding for afterschool programs. I commend Senator Boxer for her tremendous work on this initiative. We address that in this amendment.  To make sure that disadvantaged students have the extra classroom attention they need, this amendment will increase funding for title I programs by $1 billion. I have heard a lot of rhetoric in the HELP Committee and on the floor about local control and sending money to the States and that this is somehow miraculously going to happen. Talk to your local schools, as I have; talk to your title I schools. They will tell you this program has changed dramatically since its inception. They will tell you they have much more flexibility and local control. They fear us sending a block grant to the State will mean they lose the access and the ability to ensure that the money will be there for disadvantaged students in the future.  This amendment recognizes how important title I funding is to ensure that the kids at the bottom get the opportunity to learn as well. We increase title I funding by $1 billion to address the incredible needs out there.  Finally, this amendment will increase funding for Pell grants, grants that help disadvantaged students go to college, by $400 per year for each student. I would guess that my colleagues hear the same thing I hear when I talk to young people about the incredible amount of debt they accrue when they go to college, debt they have to pay off. We have to make sure we allow the kids at the bottom to have access to higher education. We recognize this in the amendment by increasing the Pell grants for students so we can assure that more young people can go on to college and our best and brightest will be encouraged to go on to college no matter what their income is.  These are the types of investments we should be making in America's young people. Unfortunately, the Republicans have the wrong priorities in their budget. They are putting their tax cut ahead of the needs of America's students. We know they are wrong, and we have introduced this amendment to make sure our students don't lose out.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. For those members of the majority who are inclined to oppose it, I want them to know this amendment would take only 15 percent of the tax cut and put it towards education. I can't think of a better priority for this Senate to support. I don't think it is too much to ask for America's students. By voting for this amendment, we will be saying that the young people of our country are a priority. They deserve a budget that treats them as a priority.  I thank the Chair and yield my time back to the Senator from Nevada.  