 President, I come to the floor this afternoon to argue, again, that no child should have to struggle for a teacher's attention in an overcrowded classroom. Every child deserves a classroom environment where they can learn and grow and get individual attention from a caring, qualified teacher. With the amendment I am offering this afternoon, we have an opportunity, again, to make that happen.  I am proud to report that classrooms across America are less crowded this year than they were last year. In fact, this year, 1.7 million children benefited from less crowded classrooms. The reason those students are learning in smaller classes is because this Congress made a commitment to help local school districts hire 100,000 new fully qualified teachers. We are now about one-third of the way towards reaching that goal.  By all measures, this has been a very successful program. Given the progress we have made, many parents and teachers would have a hard time believing that this Congress is about to abandon its commitment to reduce class size, but that is exactly what the bill before us would do. It would abandon our commitment to helping school districts reduce classroom overcrowding.  This bill would take the promise of smaller classes and yank it away from students and parents and teachers. This underlying bill does not guarantee funding for the Class Size Reduction Program as it is currently written. If it is passed without the amendment I am offering, school districts across the country cannot rely on having the money available to hire new teachers or to pay the salaries of the teachers they have already hired.  I have talked to hundreds of local educators, parents, and students. To them, that is unacceptable. That is why I have come to the floor today to offer my amendment that would continue our commitment to reducing class sizes.  Under this successful program, we have hired 29,000 new teachers, and we have given 1.7 million students across the country less crowded classrooms. Clearly, we are making progress, but we can't be satisfied with the status quo. We need to bring the benefits of smaller classes to more students. It is clear that smaller classes help students learn the basics with fewer discipline problems. Parents know it. Teachers know it. Students know it.  On the chart behind me, I have listed some of the benefits of smaller classes. They include better student achievement, something every Senator has come to the floor to speak for; fewer discipline problems, something about which we hear constantly; more individual attention; better parent-teacher communication; dramatic results for poor and minority students.  As a former educator, I can tell the Senate, there is a difference between having 35 kids in your classroom and having 18 kids in your classroom. With 35 kids, you spend most of your time on crowd control. With 18 kids, you spend most of your time teaching. But it is not only my experience. National research proves that smaller class sizes help students learn the basics they need in a disciplined environment.  A study that was conducted in Tennessee in 1989, which is known as the STAR study, compared the performance of students in grades K through 3 in small and regular size classes. That study found that students in small classes, those with 13 to 17 students, significantly outperformed other students in math and in reading. The STAR study found that students benefited from smaller classes at all grade levels and across all geographic areas. The study found that students in small classes have better high school graduation rates. These were kids who were in smaller classes in kindergarten through the third grade. They found, as they followed them through later on, they had better high school graduation rates, higher grade point averages, and were more inclined to pursue higher education. Certainly these are goals this Senate should be proud of helping to achieve.  According to the research conducted by Princeton University economist, Dr. Alan Kruger, students who attended small classes were more likely to take ACT or SAT college entrance exams. That was particularly true for African Americans students. According to Dr. Kruger:       Attendance in small classes appears to have cut the black-     white gap in the probability of taking a college-entrance      exam by more than half.  Three other researchers at two different institutions of higher education found that STAR students who attended small classes in the early K through 3 grades were between 6 and 13 months ahead of their regular class peers in math, reading, and science ineach of grades four, six, and eight, as they followed them through.  In yet another part of the country, a different class size reduction study reached similar conclusions. The Wisconsin SAGE study, Student Achievement Guarantee in Education, findings from 1996 through 1999 consistently proved that smaller classes result in significantly greater student achievement.  Class size reduction programs in the State study resulted in increased attention to individual students. It produced three main benefits: Fewer discipline problems and more instruction; more knowledge of students; and more teacher enthusiasm for teaching.  The Wisconsin study also found in smaller classes teachers were able to identify the learning problems of individual students more quickly. As one teacher participant in the State class size reduction study said, ``If a child is having problems, you can see it right away. You can take care of it right then. It works a lot better for children.''  The data is conclusive. Smaller classes help kids learn the basics in a disciplined environment. I am also proud that the class size program is simple and efficient. The school districts simply fill out a one-page form, which happens to be available online. Then the Department of Education sends them money to hire new teachers based on need and enrollment. The teachers have told me they have never seen money move so quickly from Congress to the classroom as under our class size bill.  Linda McGeachy in the Vancouver school district in my State commented, ``The language is very clear, applying was very easy, and their funds really work to support classroom teachers.''  The class size program is also flexible. Any school district that has already reduced class sizes in the early grades to 18 or fewer children may use the funds to further reduce class sizes in the other early grades. They can use it to reduce class sizes in kindergarten or they can carry out activities to improve teacher quality, including professional development.  I am sure some Members are going to argue that schools could still hire teachers if they wanted to by using the title VI funding in this underlying bill. Now, that may sound good at first, but it doesn't recognize the reality of how school boards work. The language in the underlying bill won't work. Mr. President, I served on a local school board. Finding the money to hire and train new teachers requires a financial commitment over many years in the face of many competing priorities. That is one of the reasons why school districts have so much trouble reducing class size without our Federal partnership.  Last year, we told school districts we would give them the money to hire teachers for 7 years. They heard our commitment and they hired more than 29,000 new teachers. Unfortunately, today, this underlying bill asks school districts to choose whether or not to keep those teachers, without any assurance that the money will still be there in the coming years.  I can tell you, if I were still on a school board, I would find it very difficult to keep those teachers, not knowing if I would have the money for them in the future. That is why we need to protect that money and guarantee that it goes to reduce class sizes. Because this bill abandons our commitment as a Federal partner, it leaves school districts with a false choice, and it means our kids are going to lose out. We should keep our commitment to reducing class size.  There is another reason why my amendment is so necessary, another critical reason why using the general title VI funding is not an adequate substitute. I have discussed this, as my colleagues know, many times on the floor of the Senate--why programs that are put into block grants with no specific purpose, such as title VI, are much less effective in targeting resources to our neediest students. Under the class size program, money is targeted to those needy students. For example, from the State level, funds are targeted 80 percent based on poverty and 20 percent based on student population. The program is designed to make sure economically disadvantaged students who benefit the most get smaller classes. We know poor and minority students can make dramatic gains in less crowded classrooms. And this amendment targets new teachers directly to those vulnerable students. Without my amendment, however, there is no guarantee those poor students will get the support they need.  Let me be clear. A block grant that is not targeted toward a specific educational purpose fails to ensure that our most vulnerable students get the resources they need. We need to pass this amendment so we can guarantee those students can benefit from smaller class sizes.  Before I close, I want to make one final point. We are going to continue this program sooner or later. The President has made it clear that he will veto this bill unless it funds the Class Size Reduction Program. His track record on this is pretty clear. He has stood up for the class size program time and again in the past. So the real question is, Are we going to vote to fund the program now, in June, or are we going to wait until the end of the fiscal year, sometime in October, when the clock is running and the congressional majority has to negotiate again with the President?  We should do it now. We should pass this amendment now, early in the process, so that school boards across America will have a clear indication that money for their new teachers will be there.  In closing, this amendment gives my colleagues the opportunity to support one of the most successful efforts we have ever seen in our schools in years. This amendment gives us a chance to fix the underlying Labor-HHS bill so that our students are not trapped in overcrowded classrooms. Let's invest in the things we know work. Let's support local school districts as they work to hire new teachers, and lets keep our commitment to America's schoolchildren so that they can learn the basics in a disciplined environment.  This is an issue we have worked on for some time, and the underlying bill will not keep our commitment to class size that is so important, that so many parents, students and teachers are waiting for us to make. That is why this amendment is so important.  I see that my colleague from Massachusetts is here.  