 President, I rise today to urge my Senate colleagues on both sides of the aisle to grant Permanent Normal Trade Relations status to China. This is about moving China in the right direction, and in the process allowing America's workers to benefit from the massive trade concessions we have won at the negotiating table.  This is a critical vote. China is home to one out of every five people on the planet, and our relationship with China is important. This vote can also have a positive impact on regional relationships throughout Asia. That is because Taiwan and Asian nations like Japan support China's accession to the World Trade Organization. They know that China's engagement will be a positive development. If Congress fails to grant PNTR to China, we will hinder our broader relationship with that country, make it harder for us to promote change there, and damage America's workers and industries as they compete with other countries for a place in China's market. The Chinese have agreed to radically open their market to U.S. goods and services. Chinese trade concessions will benefit the United States across all economic sectors in virtually every region of our country. And, the changes China has committed itself to--in order to join the WTO--will further open China to Western ideas.  I have come to the floor today to illustrate the ways that PNTR for China will help our families, our industries, and our economy. Washington State is the most trade-dependent State in our Union. The people of my state--from aerospace workers to wheat farmers to longshoremen--have urged me to make sure we take advantage of the concessions we have won from the Chinese. If we do not, good-paying family jobs will be lost, and our industries will be set back for years.  Before I elaborate on the ways PNTR for China will help America's workers, I must address many of the concerns we have about China. Over the years, I, like my colleagues, have been frustrated by the actions of the Chinese government on issues like human rights, religious freedom and weapons proliferation. As I have listened to the debate it is clear that we all want the same things: We want the people of China to have more freedom and more opportunities, and we want to bring China into the community of nations as a responsible partner. We all want the same results. The question is: What is the best way to get there? It is not to politicize our trade agreements. It is not to turn a trade vote into a referendum on how we feel about China. That is why I oppose the amendments that my colleagues have offered. These amendments will not solve the problems they highlight.  Instead, they will kill the bill for this Congress and perhaps longer and that will have a negative impact on our country. Killing this bill will do serious harm to our efforts to impact change in China on many issues. Killing this bill now will forever handicap U.S. exporters to China. It will punish U.S. workers, and it will give our competitors from Europe and Asia a massive head start as China opens its market to the world.  As I have thought about our relationship with China, I think one of the things that really frustrates us is that we are accustomed to quick fixes. In our political culture, we expect to be able to fix problems overnight. China, on the other hand, has a far different culture. Throughout its 4000 year history, China has resisted outside influences. As much as we would like to, we can't change China overnight. But we can change China over time. PNTR gives us the vehicle to help China move into the community of nations and to benefit America's families, industries and economy in the process.  Now that I have addressed the expectations and context surrounding our relationship with China, I want to return to the question I posed a moment ago: What is the best way to help China enter the community of nations? The answer is to engage with China. In fact, our own history has shown this to be true. Since 1980, when the United States normalized relations with China, our engagement has helped to change China for the better. I think it is useful to recall the history of how different China is today, than it was just 20 years ago. Before we normalized our relations, the Chinese people lived under the iron fist of their government. They enjoyed virtually no personal freedoms. Their jobs were predetermined. Their housing was assigned to them. Education, medical care, and travel were all dictated by a government-controlled system that rewarded blind loyalty to the state and harshly punished all dissent. Externally, China was closed to the outside world. Internally, China was hemorrhaging from the impact of the Cultural Revolution and other political conflicts. U.S. engagement with China has had a positive impact on that country. Certainly, we all want to see more progress and more changes in Chinese government behavior. I respect the concerns of my colleagues, but I recognize that we are making progress by engaging with China. We should not let our specific concerns override the many advantages that will flow to America's workers by supporting PNTR for China.  After considering the cultural and historic issues that have factored into this debate, I would like to focus on what this vote is about. The question before the Senate is really quite simple. The United States negotiated a trade deal with China. The agreement radically opens China's market to American workers, forces China to end its unfair practices, and gives the United States tough mechanisms to hold China accountable. The question before the Senate is: do we want to take this deal?  On behalf of my constituents and the American people, I will vote to put these Chinese concessions--literally thousands of market-opening concessions--to work for the benefit of our country. The Chinese concessions are far reaching and will impact every sector of our nation's economy and every region of our country. This agreement radically slashes tariffs. In fact, for some of our most important industries, it eliminates tariffs altogether. It preserves and in some cases strengthens our trade laws on issues like dumping, export controls, and the use of prison labor. China will no longer be able to require firms to transfer technologies and jobs to China in exchange for business. If China violates its commitments, it will have the 135 member countries of the WTO to contend with--rather than just the United States. This is an opportunity to build a strong presence in the world's largest emerging market just as it opens its doors to the world.  The people of Washington State have a unique perspective on what this trade agreement will mean for our families, our industries and our economy. One of my predecessors, Senator Warren Magnusson, was one of the first Senators to call for closer U.S.-China ties in the 1970s. For more than 20 years, the entire period of China's most recent opening to the outside world, no other state has been as engaged with China and the Chinese people as extensively as my state has. Washington State is the most trade dependent state in the country. Soon, one in three jobs will rely on international trade. Our ports, rail yards, and airports serve as gateways to and from the Pacific Rim for millions of products. My entire state stands to gain a great deal from China's accession to the WTO.  I would like to share with my colleagues how increased trade with China will affect three important Washington industries: aerospace, agriculture, and technology. Let me begin by talking about our aerospace industry because Washington state produces the finest commercial airplanes in the world. We are home to the Boeing Company, and thousands of Washington families work for Boeing. As my colleagues know, Boeing competes with Airbus, its European rival. But the playing field isn't level. Airbus is subsidized by European states, and it gets additional financing assistance, allowing Airbus customers to finance aircraft on favorable terms. China is a huge new market for airplanes. Aviation experts predict China will purchase 1,600 new commercial airplanes worth $120 billion in the next 20 years. These sales will be hotly contested. We know that Airbus is a very aggressive competitor in the China market. Passing PNTR will give the workers in my state the chance to compete in that marketplace. Thousands of Washington state jobs--good family jobs, good union jobs--hang in the balance as Boeing and Airbus fight for the China market. That is why organized labor at Boeing, Local 751 of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, has publicly endorsed PNTR. The Boeing Machinists know that if we do not compete for aircraft sales in China, we will have ceded the largest marketplace in the world for commercial aircraft outside of the United States. Such an outcome would be disastrous for the future of our aerospace industry, and we're not just talking about one company or one industry. Thousands of small businesses in Washington state subcontract with Boeing. In addition, Boeing subcontracts in every state in the union--creating the jobs that working families rely on. Passage of PNTR will give Boeing and so many other American companies the opportunity to compete freely and fairly in China. I have every confidence that Boeing and the thousands of Americans whose jobs are tied to aerospace will succeed in this new environment. Mr. President, let me turn to another important industry in my state.  Washington State is home to some of our country's finest agricultural products from wheat to apples to a host of specialty crops. But we've had trouble opening China's market to our exports. For more than 25 years, Washington wheat has been kept out of China by an unfair trade barrier. This year, as China neared membership in the World Trade Organization, it dropped its unfair trade barrier against wheat from the Pacific Northwest. As a result, this year, Washington's first wheat sale to China in 28 years recently sailed from the Port of Portland.  Thanks to PNTR and WTO accession, my constituents will have new opportunities to feed China's population, which equals 20 percent of the world's population. The opportunities are also great for another major crop, Washington state apples. With this agreement, China's market could open to an estimated $75 million a year in business for Washington's apple growers. Overall, agriculture stands to see one-third of its export growth tied to new sales to China. Washington growers and producers will see new opportunities across the board from pork, potatoes and barley to specialty crops like raspberries, hops and asparagus. It is easy to see why the agriculture community has been such a strong voice for this U.S.-China agreement and PNTR. Agriculture has done a great job working to ensure members understand that this agreement, and PNTR is vitally important to American agriculture.  Finally I want to turn to America's high-tech industries. I am proud that Washington State is home to Microsoft and other technology companies including Nintendo, Real Networks, and Amazon.com. These companies will benefit from new protections for U.S. intellectual property. They will benefit from the elimination of high tech tariffs, from anti-dumping protections, and from the right to import and distribute goods free from government regulation and interference. The Internet is taking hold in China. It holds immense potential for changing China's society. Thanks to this agreement, Washington State Internet companies will be aggressive competitors in this new market. In addition, America's telecommunications companies will benefit as well, including AT Wireless and VoiceStream Wireless, which are both based in Washington State.  As I have shown, opening China's markets will help the thousands of people in my state who work in the aerospace, agriculture and technology industries. We should make sure America's workers have access to the many benefits of China's marketplace. After 20 years of normalized relations between the U.S. and China, now is the time to pass PNTR. After 13 years of tough negotiations between the United States and China, now is the time topass PNTR. And after more than 10 years of congressional consideration of China's trade status, now is the time to pass PNTR. The Senate has just spent two weeks debating PNTR, China's accession to the World Trade Organization, and many other China issues. The heart of the question before us is: Do we want American workers to benefit from the enormous trade concessions we have won from the Chinese? I want America to benefit, and I will vote for PNTR. At the same time, this is not our final China vote. Congress has a very legitimate role to play in helping shape our relationship with China and addressing our concerns. I look forward to those debates and those opportunities to advance our ideals in China. I encourage my colleagues to vote for PNTR, and I urge my colleagues to continue to closely follow the important U.S.-China relationship.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Crapo). The Senator's time has expired.  The Senator from Nevada.  