 President, I've come to the floor to join my colleagues in discussing where our annual budgeting process stands.  We are just three days away from the start of the new fiscal year, and the Senate is far behind in its work. The resulting rush is leading some to short-circuit our usual appropriations process. Like so many of my colleagues, I am dismayed that Senators are being denied the opportunity to fully consider and debate these appropriations bills.  I want to commend Senator Byrd for his comments today. Senator Byrd is once again speaking for the United States Senate. His comments are neither Republican nor Democrat. With his usual elegance and candor, Senator Byrd is championing this institution, and we should all commend him for that. The Senate that he defends so passionately is one that works for both parties; works for all Senators; and most importantly, works for the American people.  Time and again during my eight years of service in this body, I have made the walk from my office to this floor. And each time, I bring with me a certain excitement and anticipation for the great opportunity the people of Washington state have given me to represent them as we debate issues from education to foreign policy to health care.  Unfortunately, there have been very few opportunities to come to this floor and engage in meaningful debate. Too often, the majority has sought to either stifle or deny debate on the issues Americans care about. On the rare occasions when we have had debates, they have not resulted in meaningful legislation that has a chance of being signed into law.  For example, the Senate spent several weeks debating the Elementary and Secondary Education act. We debated the issues, and we cast tough votes on the ESEA bill. But, for some reason, the bill was shelved by the majority. Now it looks certain to die as the Congress tries to adjourn quickly in this election year.  As we watch the clock tick toward the end of the fiscal year this weekend, only two of the 13 appropriations bills have been signed into law. We now find ourselves in an unnecessary impasse. The breakdown in this year's appropriations process did not happen overnight. It is not merely the result of election eve politicking, or jockeying for position between the Executive and Legislative branches, although there are plenty of both going on.  No, the breakdown of the fiscal year 2001 appropriations process can be traced back to the opening days of this session of Congress in January. Back then, the House and Senate leadership promptly fell into disarray over the handling of the President's request for a supplemental spending bill. You may recall that the President requested $5 billion in supplemental fiscal year 2000 funding. The House subsequently passed a $12.8 billion supplemental funding bill--more than twice what the President had requested. The Senate Appropriations Committee, at the behest of the Senate Majority Leader, shelved plans to draw up a separate supplemental funding bill. Instead, the Senate attached a total of $8.6 billion in supplemental funding onto three regular appropriations bills--Military Construction, Foreign Operations, and Agriculture appropriations. The Majority Leader's plan was to have all three bills enacted into law by the Fourth of July holiday. Needless to say, things did not quite go as planned.  Despite weeks of congressional wrangling, the three bills in the Senate could not be reconciled with the one bill in the House. Finally--in desperation--the House and Senate ended up jamming $11.2 billion in supplemental funding into the conference on the FY 2001 Military Construction Appropriations Bill. Much of that funding had never seen the light of day in either the House or Senate. The conference report was approved on June 30, and became the first of the FY 2001 appropriations bill signed into law. With the exception of the swift and relatively smooth passage of the Defense Appropriations Bill a month later, the FY 2001 appropriations process has gone from bad to worse. We now find ourselves in the intolerable position of having 11 of the 13 appropriations bills still pending--with two days to go before the end of the fiscal year, and no clear game plan in sight. The House has passed all of the regular appropriations bills. And the Senate Appropriations Committee--on which I serve--has reported all 13 regular appropriations bills. But only 10 of these 13 bills have been passed by the Senate. Once again, desperation is setting in. The focus is shifting from the flow of open debate on the Senate floor to the closed doors of the conference committees.  Just last week, the Senate leadership attempted to attach the Treasury and General Government Appropriations bill--which the Senate has never considered--to the Legislative Branch conference report, and pass them as a package deal. The Senate was wise to reject that approach. The Senate should have an opportunity to fully consider these three significant appropriations bills. To abandon the reasoned debate this chamber is known for would represent a full surrender by this body of our responsibilities to the American people.  Mr. President, there are many pressing issues from programs for veterans healthcare and the courts to the National Weather Service. We should be able to debate these funding plans and then vote for or against them. Mr. President, it doesn't have to be this way. The Senate still has time to take up the remaining appropriations bills, debate them, amend them, and send them to the President. They may be contentious. But that is precisely why they must be aired in the light of day before the entire Senate and not swept into law under the cover of an unrelated appropriations conference report.  If the Senate acts promptly, the conferees will have ample time to complete their work, and report back to the full House and Senate. As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I am acutely aware of our responsibilities to the people of this nation when it comes to appropriating taxpayers' dollars. I take that responsibility very seriously. The people have a right to know what Congress is doing with their money. And members of Congress have a responsibility to appropriate money wisely.  We cannot do our jobs or meet our responsibilities, if we delegate our work to a handful of appropriators hammering out a conference agreement, or to a closed circle of congressional leaders and White House officials huddling over a conference table.  Mr. President, we are poised to pass a Continuing Resolution that will keep the government operating through October 6. I believe that if we could put aside political posturing, partisan bickering, and retaliatory tactics for just one week, just one week, we could complete work on the appropriations bills, in an orderly and responsible fashion, and close out this Congress. We may not have accomplished all that we would have wished to accomplish. But I am confident that continued bickering over the appropriations process in the waning days of the 106th Congress will not improve the climate for any other legislation to move forward.  Mr. President, the American people deserve more than this mess from their elected leaders. I know the Senate can do better. In the days ahead, I urge my colleagues to work with our leaders and with the leadership of the Appropriations Committee, to tackle the remaining appropriations bills and conference reports, to debate, to vote, and to complete the work that we have been charged to do.  Though time is running out, it is not too late to make these spending decisions in the most responsible way, and that is what I am calling on my colleagues to do.  