 President, I am delighted to be on the floor with my colleague, Senator Kennedy, to talk about an issue that many think is the most important issue facing America today. That is the issue of education. We are finally in the Senate talking about issues that are relevant to families. As they sit at the kitchen table in the evening, they, too, understand education is absolutely critical to the future of this country.  We are finally today with this amendment talking about a measure which will ensure that every teacher in this country is fully qualified and has the tools and the support to help our children reach their full potential. For years, parents and teachers have been asking for support on teacher quality.  Last year, I came to the Senate floor to introduce a bill to help recruit, retain, and reward America's best educators. I am thrilled today to discuss many of the items in that bill. I hope we will have an up-or-down vote on this amendment so families across our country can see whether or not this Senate supports quality teaching.  I thank the Senator from Massachusetts for helping this day become possible and by leading to make education a front and center issue in this Congress, as it is in the classrooms and homes across America.  Before I discuss the specifics of the amendment, I wish to make another point loudly and clearly: Today there are thousands of world-class, high-quality teachers in our schools. They are professionals. They care deeply about the quality of our children's education. Any Member would be lucky to have our children in those classrooms.  However, the current system makes it harder and harder for teachers to do their best. Instead of offering them the support they need to make a difference--smaller classes, classrooms that are safe, afterschool care--this current system puts too maybe roadblocks in front of too many teachers.  We are here today to discuss teacher quality. I want my colleagues to keep in mind that we are not criticizing teachers. They are overworked and underpaid and not given enough respect. They are, indeed, heroes. We are trying to change the system to allow more teachers to become master teachers.  I hope throughout this debate my colleagues will refrain from attacking the very people who try their hardest day in and day out to help our children and do the right thing for our country. As I said many times before, teachers do one of the most important jobs in America, and we should make it easier, not harder, for them to do their best.  The amendment from the Senator from Massachusetts could not come at a better time because there are so many challenges to quality teaching, and those challenges just keep growing.  Teachers and parents have told me the main challenges are the three Rs: Recruiting great teachers, retaining great teachers, and rewarding great teachers. Statistics today show we need more educators to meet our growing student population. In fact, in the United States, we are expecting to face an unprecedented teacher shortage in the next few years. The National Center for Educational Statistics estimates we will need between 1.7 to 2.7 million new teachers by the year 2008.  One reason not many people want to go into the teaching profession is there are not enough incentives for recent college graduates to become teachers. With the wide range of employment opportunities available to young people today, to our college graduates, teaching is not the most attractive option. The teaching profession, as we all know, is just not a lucrative place to be. In the USA Today Teacher Survey, 69 percent of teachers said most people do not consider teaching to be an attractive career choice. So we are not attracting enough talented people into the teaching profession.  As I am sure has happened to many of my colleagues, I have gone into a classroom and asked: How many of you young people intend to be a teacher? Very few hands go up. But if you ask those young people: How many of you would become teachers if you knew you would get the training, the support, the money, and the respect that other professionals get? A lot more hands in those classrooms go up. So our first challenge is recruiting young people into the teaching profession. That is what this amendment does.  Next, we need to retain great teachers. When you think about it, there really is nowhere for a great teacher to go. If they move up, they move out of the classroom into administration or into another profession. While we need great administrators, we should do everything we can to keep our really great teachers in the classrooms. We need to give our teachers options such as becoming master teachers, so they can continue to grow while helping our kids in their classrooms.  There are a lot of reasons for this retention problem. Unlike any other profession, teachers do not have adequate access to continuous high-quality professional development, so we need effective, ongoing professional development programs that are aligned with local standards and curricula.  Finally, we need to reward our good teachers.  Mr. President, I have come to the floor to thank Senator Kennedy for his leadership on the most critical issue we see facing our students today--making sure every teacher in every classroom is a quality teacher. I thank my colleague from Massachusetts, and I urge my colleagues to support this critical amendment.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Enzi). Who yields time?  The Senator from Massachusetts.  