 President, I am pleased and relieved that after weeks of uncertainty we have finally reached this point, and that we are ready to act on the Military Construction Bill.  As always, I thank Senator Burns, the Chairman of the Military Construction Subcommittee for his leadership and bipartisan cooperation. I also want to thank Chairman Stevens and Senator Byrd for their work in producing this bill. They set an excellent example for all of us to follow.  The FY 2001 Military Construction Appropriations Bill provides $8.8 billion dollars in spending. This agreement also represents a tremendous amount of work and a great deal of cooperation between the House and Senate.  We went into conference with very different recommendations for projects, and simply not enough money to go around. We came out with a bipartisan package that is fair and balanced and, most importantly, addresses some of our most pressing military construction needs. I wish we could have done more because the needs are so significant.  As our nation continues to tally up ever-larger budget surpluses, I hope that the Defense Department will channel more resources into military construction. We simply cannot continue to balance the best military in the world on the back of a crumbling infrastructure. We ask tremendous sacrifices from our military families, and this bill is an opportunity to address their pressing needs.  Mr. President, I would also like to acknowledge the excellent contributions of the Military Construction Subcommittee staff for their many hours of hard work in crafting this agreement.  I also want to make a few brief comments regarding the supplemental appropriations that have been attached to this legislation. I will vote for the conference report but I do so with serious reservations about numerous provisions in the supplemental. It is important to note that the package before the Senate today does not represent the work of the entire conference committee. The conference committee did not meet to consider the supplemental items.  This has not been an ideal process. While this bill provides funding for needed projects and disaster relief, many needs were left unaddressed. Other projects were added that were not part of either the President's supplemental request or the Senate's supplemental provisions.  I am particularly disappointed that this conference report does not include the Senate's language to provide Seattle and other local governments in Washington state with the needed reimbursement funding for last year's WTO meeting. The federal government has not been a true partner is sharing the costs for this event.  I am particularly disappointed with the Congressional Majority, which promised to include this language. Unfortunately, when they met behind closed doors, they chose to neglect our obligation to Seattle. I will demand that the Senate act on this matter before we adjourn this year.  In addition, I continue to have serious reservations about the assistance package to Columbia for counter narcotics activities. I have worked with Senator Leahy to strengthen the human rights provisions within the bill, and I did vote for both amendments to limit funding to Columbia during the Senate's consideration of the issue. If the Columbia funding were attached to a bill other than Military Construction where I serve as ranking member, I would give serious consideration to voting against the bill.  I also want to note for my colleagues that this legislation provides significant disaster assistance for New Mexico to aid the Los Alamos area in dealing with the recent devastating fire. Senator Domenici and Senator Bingaman have been very diligent in working with the Senate on this issue.  At this moment, fire crews in Washington state have finally gotten control of another significant fire near one of our country's nuclear weapons facilities. More than 200,000 acres were destroyed by a fast-moving fire on and around the Hanford Nuclear Reservation.  Secretary Richardson is at Hanford today to assess the damage. I have been in contact with Governor Gary Locke and various federal officials to follow the fire developments. While it is too soon to know the extent of the damage, I do want my colleagues to be aware of this serious situation.  