 President, I am pleased to be on the floor today to offer the fiscal year 2001 military construction appropriations bill. I thank Senator Burns, the chairman of our committee, and his staff, for being so good in a great bipartisan manner, in being able to work this bill through again this year. I publicly thank him for his work with me in a really solid manner. I appreciate the way he has done that.  Before I address this bill, I want to address some comments that were made about me on this floor by the majority leader just a short time ago.  While I was taking part in a hearing of the Senate Commerce Committee as part of my work to improve pipeline safety in this country, I understand the majority leader suggested that my schedule was a reason why a debate on commonsense gun control was not going to take place today.  Given the work that I have done over the years to protect young people from gun violence, and my strong support of this weekend's Million Mom March, I was rather surprised by that suggestion. I assure my colleagues that this debate is too important to be delayed any longer.  While I support the majority leader's concern about a family obligation I have; namely, my son is going to be married, there is no excuse for not debating this legislation--especially the absence of any one Member.  If this had been a concern of the majority leader, perhaps he could have spoken to me personally before incorrectly citing me as the reason why the Senate would not be debating gun violence today.  I would like to remind the majority leader that, on November 4, I came to the floor, in the wake of a fatal shooting in my home State, and urged the Members of the Senate to work with me on commonsense solutions to gun violence. Since that time, it has been the congressional majority that has prevented this much needed debate from taking place, and it is the congressional majority today that, again, refuses to address this vital issue.  I would like to remind my colleagues that, on average, 12 children die every day from gunfire. We cannot wait any longer.  Mr. President, I will now turn to the issue before us.  I again am pleased to be here with my chairman, Senator Burns, in recommending the fiscal year 2001 military construction appropriations bill to the Senate for its approval.  This is an unusual bill this year because it contains emergency supplemental funding for a number of defense items not related to military construction, including U.S. participation in the Kosovo peacekeeping operation and in the Colombia counternarcotics initiative.  I will defer to my ranking member on the full committee, Senator Byrd, and others, to address the items in the supplemental portion of this bill, and I will confine my remarks to the military construction portion of the bill.  This bill provides a total of $8.634 billion in new spending authority for military construction for fiscal year 2001.  This level of funding exceeds the President's budget request for military construction by $600 million, and provides nearly $300 million above the amount appropriated for fiscal year 2000.  Nevertheless, as usual, this bill comes up short of what the services need to meet their infrastructure requirements.  At the risk of sounding like a broken record, I once again urge the administration to increase the budget for military construction.  This is a bricks-and-mortar bill.  There is nothing glamorous or ``gee-whiz'' about aircraft hangars or barracks or armories.  But this is an essential bill, and the projects that it funds are vital to our men and women in uniform.  As many of my colleagues have pointed out to me in the course of developing this bill, the President's budget barely scratches the surface or infrastructure needs.  The requests that Senator Burns and I have received this year address compelling needs throughout the services, and I wish that we had the resources to fund more of them.  Senator Burns and his staff deserve a great deal of credit for their dedicated and thoughtful approach in drafting this bill.  As always, they have worked very hard to produce a balanced, bipartisan product that takes into account both the concerns of the Senate and the needs of the military.  In particular, they have done a superb job of continuing to shine the spotlight on the quality of life projects that are so important to our men and women in uniform, and to their families.  At a time when military enlistment and retention are declining--and the services are unable to match the financial incentives of the private sector--quality of life issues are amplified in importance.  Quality of life issues do not diminish the importance of readiness projects, but we must not dismiss their role in recruiting and retaining our military personnel.  Within the budget constraints that we are all forced to operate this year, this bill attempts to meet the most urgent and timely military construction needs with very limited resources.  All of the major construction projects that we have funded have been authorized.  In addition, we have ensured adequate funding for family housing and barracks construction.  However, I remain concerned that the nation's overall investment in military infrastructure continues to lag, and I hope we will see a more robust effort in future budgets.  This is an extremely important bill for our nation and our military forces.  I again commend Senator Burns, and I thank the staff of the Appropriations Committee, including Sid Ashworth, Christina Evans, and Sonia King, as well as Mark Borreson, a fellow on my staff, for their excellent work in producing the bill.  Mr. President, I look forward to completing action on this important piece of legislation.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  