  Mr. President, today we are offering the Murray-Snowe amendment. It is an amendment which would lift restrictions on privately funded abortions at military facilities overseas.  This is the identical amendment we have offered every year since 1995, and I assure my colleagues that we will continue to offer this amendment until we restore this important health care protection for our women who are serving abroad.  It is simply outrageous that today we deny military personnel and their dependents access to safe, affordable, and legal reproductive health care services. We ask these women to serve their country and defend our Government, but we deny them basic rights that are afforded all women in this country.  I come to the floor year after year during this DOD authorization in an effort to educate my colleagues in the hope of convincing a majority of them to stand up for all military personnel. I also offer this amendment to highlight the record of those who do stand up for women and their right to a safe and legal abortion at their own cost.  To be clear, this is not about Federal funding of abortion. Many of our military personnel serve in hostile areas or in countries that do not provide safe and legal abortion services. Military personnel and their families who serve us overseas should not be forced to seek back alley abortions or abortions in facilities that do not meet the same clinical standards we expect and demand in this country. Sadly, that is exactly the case today.  Protecting all military personnel and their dependents has always been a priority of the Department of Defense, which is why the Secretary of Defense supports the amendment Senator Snowe and I are offering today. Thisamendment is also supported by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists because they recognize the danger that these women face outside this country.  Some Members will undoubtedly argue that women are afforded access to a legal and safe abortion with the current restriction in place. They will point out that under the current policy, a woman who needs an abortion can request transportation back to the United States for treatment. It is true that she can request a temporary leave from her commanding officer and will be transported at the expense of our military to a location where she would have access to an abortion. To me, that is unacceptable. It forces a woman to provide detailed medical evidence and records to her superior officer with no guarantee or protection that this information will be kept confidential. Then once she gets the commanding officer's permission, she needs to find transportation home, often on a military plane, such as a C-17.  I don't know of any other medical procedure that requires a soldier to have to endure such public scrutiny. If there are Members who believe that these women are protected and have access to a basic right that is guaranteed by our Constitution to a safe and legal abortion, I will tell my colleagues this is not the case. Do not be fooled. The current ban on privately funded abortions at military facilities overseas places the women who serve our country in great danger.  This amendment is not about Federal funding of abortions. This amendment does not require direct Federal procurement for abortion services. This amendment would, in fact, require the woman, not the taxpayer, to pay the cost of her care at a military facility. This amendment would simply allow the woman to use existing facilities that are currently operational to provide health care to our active duty personnel and their families.  This amendment does not call for providing any additional services. It is simply services that are already available. These clinics and hospitals are already functioning and providing care. There would be no added burden. For those who are concerned about Federal tax dollars being used to provide abortion services, I point out that the current practice results in more direct expenditures of Federal funds than simply allowing a woman to pay for the cost of abortion-related services at a military facility. Current policy requires transportation costs that in some cases could be far more expensive than a privately funded abortion.  I also point out that there is a direct, positive impact on our military readiness when a woman is forced to take extended leave to travel for an abortion.  As we all know, women are no longer simply support staff in the military. Women command troops and are in key military readiness positions. Their contributions are beyond dispute. While women serve side by side with their male counterparts, they are subjected to an archaic and seemingly mean-spirited health care restriction. Women in our military deserve more respect and better treatment.  I think it is also important to remind my colleagues that this amendment will not change the current conscience clause for medical personnel. Health care professionals who object to providing safe and legal health services to women could still refuse to perform an abortion. No one in the military would be forced to perform any procedures that he or she objected to as a matter of conscience.  The current policy places our women at risk. Because the current policy is so cumbersome, women could be forced to undergo an abortion later in their pregnancy when risks and complications increase. They can, of course, try to obtain safe and legal abortion services in the host country in which they are serving--if there are no language or cultural barriers that hinder their access.  We should not tolerate situations that are occurring, such as what occurred to a woman serving our country in Japan. Because of our current policy, she was denied access to abortion services at the military facility, even at her own expense, and she was forced to go off base to secure a safe and legal abortion. She had no escort and no help from the military as she went to a foreign facility. She didn't understand the medical questions or the instructions, and she was terrified. I have her letter, and I will read it into the Record later. Our Government should never have forced her, as she was serving us overseas, into that circumstance.  Regardless of what some of my colleagues may think about the constitutional ruling guaranteeing a woman the right to a safe abortion without unnecessary burdens or obstacles, this is the law of the land. While some may oppose this right to choose, the Supreme Court and a majority of Americans support this right. It is the law of the land. However, active duty servicewomen stationed overseas surrender this right when they make the decision to volunteer to defend all of us. It is sadly ironic that we send them overseas to protect our rights; yet in the process we rob them of vital constitutional protections.  I urge my colleagues to support the Murray-Snowe amendment. Please allow women in the military the right to make their own health care choices without being forced to violate privacy and jeopardize their health and their careers. This is and must remain a personal decision. Women should not be subject to the approval or disapproval of their coworkers.  I stress this is not about Federal funding of abortions. This is about protecting women serving overseas and providing privately funded, safe, and legal abortions. I urge my colleagues to support our women in uniform by restoring their right to choose.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  