 President, I come to the floor today to express my disappointment with the Bankruptcy Conference Report. I reluctantly will be voting no on the final conference agreement because it fails the fairness test and because it fails to protect the most vulnerable families facing dire financial times.  I have supported bankruptcy reform in the past. I continue to support fair and balanced reforms to prohibit the misuse of the bankruptcy code and to prohibit individuals from using the code as a shield against honoring their financial commitments. We need reform because we all pay for the abuses. Working families struggling with the cost of credit deserve reform. Families trying to save to purchase their first home cannot afford the added burden forced on them due to abuse of our bankruptcy laws.  Unfortunately, the final product presented to the Senate is unacceptable. In an attempt to prevent a fair and open debate, this conference report has bypassed the normal legislative process, and Senators have been denied the opportunity to improve the legislation. Clearly this conference report has been driven by special interests and not the interests of working families. It does not ensure that mothers and children who depend on child support and alimony payments won't lose out to big special interests. It does not require any responsible actions by credit card companies in educating or informing consumers to the cost of debt.  This conference report is vastly different from the bill that passed the Senate in March. I supported that bill. The conference report before us, however, will make it impossible for families to seek bankruptcy protection when they are hit with overwhelming financial problems often caused by events beyond their control. In many cases, families are forced into bankruptcy due to unexpected medical bills caused by a disabling accident or condition. Many women are forced into bankruptcy due to the break up of their family and their inability to collect court ordered child support. These families should not be turned away simply because credit card companies made reckless decisions in issuing credit to individuals unable to manage debt or unaware of the costs of managing debt.  This conference report also eliminates the Schumer Clinic Violence Amendment that I cosponsored and that I believe must be part of any reform bill. We cannot allow those who use violence or the threat of violence to shield themselves from financial responsibilities by running to bankruptcy court. Without the Schumer amendment, the Bankruptcy Code will continue to be subject to exploitation by perpetrators of violence against women. Protecting access to reproductive health clinics and providers is not an abortion issue, but a women's health and safety issue.  Violent anti-choice groups provide legal assistance to violent protesters on how to use the Code to protect their assets against possible financial liability. Their criminal debts are simply excused under the current Code. This conference report fails to close that loophole. The Schumer amendment was adopted on an 80 to 17 vote, but the final conference agreement simply dropped this bipartisan anti-violence amendment.  We know that this conference report will be vetoed and has little or no chance of becoming law. The decision to push this through in a partisan manner has jeopardized bankruptcy reform. As a result, working families will suffer. I am hopeful that with the new Congress and the need to work in a bipartisan manner we will see real bankruptcy reform in the next Congress. I will continue to work for reform that is balanced, fair and that protects women against violence and intimidation. I want reform, but not at the expense of women or children.  Mr. President, I hope all of my colleagues will honor the mandate we all received in the election. The American people did not give one party or one philosophy a mandate to govern. They want a bipartisan Congress that will put aside political bickering and special interest and work to solve the problems facing real people and real families.  