 President, I want the Record to reflect my strong support for the final appropriations measure that we are completing today.  Since the first day I walked into this distinguished Chamber, I have been fighting to bring the priorities of our budget closer to the priorities of America's families. As I talk to parents and students in my State about what would improve their lives, over and over, I hear that a quality education for our students is a top priority for families across this country.  Today is a victory for families. The Labor-HHS-Education appropriations bill shows this Congress is listening to people across this country. It provides a $6.5 billion increase in education spending. This is a 17 percent increase. It makes an investment in the things that matter--reducing class size, improving teacher quality, and repairing and constructing schools. This bill gives the Congress a benchmark to work with the new President who has made education a personal priority.  I have come to the Senate floor numerous times over the years to ask for an investment in reducing class size. This is something that matters to parents, teachers and students across this country. After a year long battle against efforts to eliminate class size reduction funds, this bill provides $1.62 billion final appropriations bill for the purpose of reducing class size.  By making this investment, we are sending an important message to every community in this Nation. Class size reduction is important because it makes a tangible difference in real-world public schools.  I've talked to teachers in my State about class size reduction. These teachers told me the benefits of smallerclass size. They say that when class sizes are smaller, they see better student achievement, fewer discipline problems, more individual attention, better parent-teacher communication, and dramatic results for poor and minority students.  These are the kinds of things we need in our public schools. Our kids deserve this investment.  In Washington State, the funds included in this bill will provide over $25 million to the State for the purpose of reducing class size. Currently, over 600 teachers have been hired with Federal class size reduction funds across the State to reduce class size. With the funds secured this year, Washington State will be able to hire approximately additional 130 new teachers to reduce class size.  This appropriations agreement also makes an important investment in school construction. Students across this country are going to school in inadequate facilities. The majority of students in this country attend schools that are over 40 years old. These have leaky roofs, inadequate heating and cooling, and are not the type of learning environment that goes hand in hand with expecting our students to achieve high standards. This bill makes an investment in school construction, providing $1.2 billion for this purpose.  In addition, it makes an investment in teacher quality. Our districts need help in the area of teacher quality. The districts need to be able to provide teachers the support they need, and make efforts to reach out and bring more highly qualified people into the teaching profession. This appropriations bill provides a $150 million increase over last year in our investment to improve teacher quality.  This bill provides more than a 30-percent increase for IDEA, the biggest increase in the program history. I'm sure there is not a member of this Senate who has not visited a school district and heard the struggles the district faces in funding special education services. This bill provides $1.35 billion more for IDEA than last year. We should not back down from this commitment to our schools.  The bill provides close to a 50-percent increase for after school programs. The funding is raised from $435 million to $851 million.  There is a much needed investment in child care. There is a 70-percent increase in child care funding, bringing the funding up to $2 billion. With these additional funds, nearly 150,000 children will receive child care subsidies.  An increase of over $1 billion in Head Start: These funds would allow an additional 70,000 children to participate in Head Start.  The bill invests in college opportunities for students. The $450 increase in the Pell Grant Program and the substantial increase for SEOG, LEAP, and Federal work-study will give more families the ability to send their children to college.  While I am extremely disappointed that this Congress failed to finish consideration of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, I am glad we were able to make a commitment to kids through this appropriations bill. Investing in reducing class size, teacher quality, college affordability, and things to help our young children like Head Start and child care are the kind of investments we need in this country.  While these investments are not quite as high as the ones agreed to in October, I still believe we are moving the right direction in this bill by investing in the things that we know work. Kids, teachers and parents across this country deserve these investments.  And while I have focused my remarks on education, I should note that this bill contains vital investments in many key areas like health care. I am immensely proud of the increased investments we are making in health care research at the National Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control. These investments represent our strong commitment to finding cures to life threatening ailments like breast and prostrate cancer, Parkinson's disease, and multiple sclerosis. This bill funds key health projects in Washington State like Children's Hospital and others.  This bill makes an essential investment in health care with $35 billion for BBRA relief. These improvements are imperative for access to quality health care for people everywhere. I cannot emphasize enough the importance of these changes to hospitals, home health, skilled nursing facilities which serve the elderly. Ensuring this population has high quality health care is high priority, and I commend my colleagues for recognizing this pressing need.  As a member of the Labor-HHS-Education Subcommittee, I urge my colleagues to join in support for this bill.  