 President, I commend my colleagues this evening for passing the much-needed pipeline safety bill.  For too long, communities across the country--in tragedy after tragedy--have felt the impact of our Nation's inadequate pipeline safety standards.  Today, the Senate has responded with a strong bill that will help make our pipelines safer.  As pleased as I am today, I am reminded of another much darker day--June 10, 1999.  On that day, a gasoline pipeline exploded in Bellingham, WA, killing three young people, shattering a community's faith, and setting us on the road of safety reform.  I know that we can't undo what happened in Bellingham. We can't restore the loss of those families. But with this bill, we are putting the lessons we learned in Bellingham into law--and taking a first step toward ensuring America's pipelines are safe.  Unfortunately, it has taken another fatal pipeline explosion to reach this day. But it is clear that the tragedy in New Mexico raised public awareness and increased the pressure on Congress to pass this bill.  This bill will go a long way toward improving pipeline safety. Back in January--when I introduced my own pipeline safety bill--I outlined the areas that needed reform. I am proud that this bill embodies the principles I have been working for.  First, this bill will improve the qualifications and training of pipeline personnel. It requires employees to demonstrate an ability to do their job. And it requires periodic reexamination of pipeline personnel. Second, this bill improves pipeline inspections and prevention practices. It requires operators to submit pipeline integrity management plans, which State and local officials can evaluate and recommend changes to.  These plans will include: internal inspections, evaluation criteria, measures to prevent and mitigate unintended releases, and other safety activities.  Third, and importantly, this bill expands the public's right-to-know about problems with pipelines. It requires operators to make information about the pipelines and their safety practices available to local officials, emergency responders, and the public--including posting information on the Internet. It also requires more pipeline accidents to be reported to the Office of Pipeline Safety, by lowering the reporting threshold from 200 gallons to 5 gallons.  Fourth, this bill raises the penalties for safety violators. It doubles the current civil penalties for noncompliance, and it lifts the caps on maximum penalties.  Fifth, this bill enables States to expand their safety efforts. This bill allows the Secretary of Transportationto enter into agreements that will allow States to: ``participate in special investigations involving incidents or new construction'' and to ``assume additional inspection or investigatory duties.''  Sixth, this bill invests in new technology to improve safety. It recognizes the need for R for new inspection devices and practices, and it authorizes a coordinated research program.  Seventh, this bill provides protections for those who blow the whistle on unsafe practices.  Eighth, this bill increases funding for safety efforts. It authorizes spending $13 million more on pipeline safety than we spend today.  Finally, this bill recognizes State citizen advisory committees and allows for their funding. These State citizen advisory committees would make recommendations to the Secretary of Transportation. The Secretary will be required to respond--in writing--to those recommendations. And, the Secretary would have to detail what actions, if any, will be taken to implement those recommendations.  Further, the bill would allow appropriations for these State advisory committees.  This is a sound bill. Under this bill, pipelines will be inspected. Operators will be qualified. Whistleblowers will be protected, and violators will be penalized. Pipeline companies will have to develop comprehensive safety and inspection plans, and States will get new authority. Citizen groups will have a role, and the public will have a right to know about the pipelines in their own communities.  This bill does not only raise pipeline safety standards. It gives us the tools, the enforcements, and the funding to ensure that pipeline companies reach those standards.  I want my constituents and my colleagues to know that I plan on remaining vigilant on this issue and ensuring that future administrations carry out the congressional mandate.  I do want to recognize tonight a few people who have helped make this day possible. First are the families of the victims of the Bellingham explosion, Frank and Mary King, Katherine Dalen and Stephen Tsiorvas, Marlene Robinson and Bruce Brabec. They have testified and worked hard. They have been courageous, and they were constant reminders of what has been lost and what this legislation will help protect.  Second, I thank the people of Bellingham, especially Mayor Mark Asmundson, who has done more than anyone I know to raise awareness about pipeline hazards.  I recognize the work of our great Governor Gary Locke. And third, I thank those in the administration who have supported our efforts; in particular, Vice President Gore, who learned about this issue during a visit to my State and who got the administration's proposal to Congress.  I also thank Transportation Secretary Rodney Slater. At my request, he promptly stationed a pipeline inspector in my State after the Bellingham explosion, and he has worked with us on this issue for more than a year. His leadership has been critical to our efforts. I thank him this evening.  I also thank DOT's Inspector General Kenneth Mead, Kelly Coyner, who is the administrator of DOT's Office of Research and Special Programs Administration, and the director of the Office of Pipeline Safety, Stacey Gerard, and her predecessor, Richard Felder.  I thank Jim Hall, Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board.  Many groups played a role in moving this process forward. I thank the National Pipeline Reform Coalition, SAFE Bellingham, and the Cascade Columbia Alliance. I also thank everyone who testified at the numerous hearings, and the many Federal and State officials who have worked on this issue.  Finally, I thank my colleagues in the Senate, especially Commerce Committee Chairman John McCain, who has been stalwart in his support and has been working with us every step of the way. I thank my colleague Senator Gorton and his staff who have worked with us diligently on this issue; Senator Hollings; Senator Inouye, all the members of the Commerce Committee and their staffs, and Dale Learn from my office.  Senator Bingaman should also be thanked for his leadership. He made the bill stronger by adding a needed research and development amendment, which I am pleased to cosponsor.  I thank the many reporters and editorial writers who helped raise public awareness about the need to improve pipeline safety.  While we have cleared a major hurdle, our work is not finished. This bill must now pass the House of Representatives and be signed by the President. We don't have much time. Let's use today's passage to energize the efforts of the House so we can improve pipeline safety in communities across America this year.  