 President, classrooms across America are less crowded today than they were a year ago, because this Congress made a commitment to hiring new teachers to reduce classroom overcrowding.  The progress has been overwhelming. Today, 1.7 million students are in less crowded classrooms--where they can learn the basics in a disciplined environment.  That is the type of progress we should continue. Unfortunately, this Republican bill abandons our commitment to helping students learn in less crowded classrooms.  At a time when we should be ensuring that every student can benefit from an uncrowded classroom, this Republican bill makes no guarantee that smaller classes will become a reality.  That is why I am on the floor today--to make sure that no student is stuck in an overcrowded classroom in grades 1-3.  I am offering an amendment which would authorize the class size reduction program in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act.  As a former teacher, I can tell you, it really makes a difference if you have 18 kids in a classroom instead of 35--parents know it, teachers know it, and students know it. By working together over the past 2 years, we have been able to bring real results to students.  With the first year of class size reduction funding, we have been able to hire 29,000 teachers across the country. Approximately 1.7 million students across the country are learning in classrooms that are less crowded than they were the year before. The average class size has been reduced by more than five students in the grades where these funds have been concentrated.  Forty-two percent of the teachers hired are teaching first grade. In these schools, the average class size fell from approximately 23 to 17 students, 23 percent of the teachers are in 2nd grade, and 24 percent are in third grade. In both of these grades, the average class size, where these funds were used, dropped from 23 to 18 students. In addition, districts are using approximately 8 percent of this money to support professional development so we can have teachers of the highest quality.  Let me take a moment to share a list of some of the benefits of class size reduction. Class size reduction produces better student achievement, something every Senator has been out here to say they support. It brings about fewer discipline problems. When there are fewer kids in your classroom you can maintain discipline; there is more individual attention, better parent-teacher communication--an essential to achild's education--and dramatic results for poor and minority students.  Those are some of the ways smaller classes help students reach their potential. Those are the results we should be giving all students in the early grades. But today, there are still too many students in overcrowded classrooms.  Today, the average classroom in grades 1-3 has 22 students in it, students who are fighting for the time and attention of just one teacher, students who might not get their questions answered because their classmates are creating disruptions, students who aren't learning the basics.  Those students would be helped dramatically if we gave them a less crowded classroom with a fully-qualified, caring teacher.  Go out into your local school districts and talk to any teachers, and I believe they will tell you classes are overcrowded. It is not easy for local school districts to hire teachers on their own.  Believe me--I served on a local school board. This is one area where the Federal partnership really makes a dramatic difference for students.  I understand, as a former school board member, the pressure the school boards and others involved with the budget face in allocating scarce resources.  The pressure on how to spend these funds are immense, and in most district budgets, there is not money to reduce class size.  The Federal funds for the purpose of reducing class size are incredibly important for supplementing district budget to address the class size.  Let me share an example of how one of the districts in my State is using these funds. The Tacoma School District in Washington State received a class size reduction grant of a little over $1 million, and the district started a program called ``Great Start.'' That's one of the best things about this program. School districts can use this money to meet the unique challenges their students face. We know that not every school district is the same. We know that some schools need more help hiring teachers, and others need more help training teachers. That is why this program that we created 2 years ago is flexible.  So the educators in Tacoma decided they would focus the money on first grade. And, they decided that--in addition to reducing over-crowded classrooms--they were going to make sure that those new teachers had the best strategies for helping students. They set clear goals. For example, they set the goal that every student be able to read and write by the spring of their first grade year. They hired an additional 20 fully-qualified new teachers. And the difference has been dramatic.  Today, as a result of this program, those classrooms have an average of just 16 students. Those students are now better able to learn the basics with fewer discipline problems.  I am proud to say I have visited schools in Tacoma. I have seen the great strides those dedicated educators are making. But do not take my word for it. Listen to what one of the teachers wrote to me.  I received this letter from Rachel Lovejoy, a first grade teacher at Whittier Elementary School in Tacoma.  She writes:       I knew first graders could make great gains, and this year      they are.  Rachel is the type of teacher who goes out and visits every child's home in August before the school year begins. She meets their family and learns about that student's unique needs and challenges.  As Rachel told me:       With 16 families, I can fit the visits into my room      preparation with greater ease. What a great start to building      that family atmosphere in my class.  Rachel tells me that because she has fewer students in each class she is better able to keep track of how each student is progressing.  Rachel also says there are fewer discipline problems in her classroom today:       It is much easier to build a familial, caring community in      the classroom with fewer children.  Rachel knows what makes a difference in the classroom, and she has a message for all of us about reducing class size:       The research is there. Accept no excuses. Gives us lower      class size and training, and let us do what we do best . . .      teach.  That is what we should be doing and that is what the amendment I am offering today does. It shows teachers like Rachel that we will stand with them and help them create effective classrooms.  I was fortunate to receive a letter from Lori Wegner--the parent of one of the students in Rachel Lovejoy's classroom. She writes:       With 16 children, Rachel is able to interact with each      child on an individual basis throughout each day. Rachel is      able to go above and beyond the basic requirements for      testing the students' achievements and focus on each child's      development in a way that is appropriate to the individual      child.  Lori closes her letter to me by saying:       Please give our teachers the opportunity to facilitate the      development of each individual student to their fullest      potential during these critical years of learning.  Not only do the parents and teachers in my community tell me it works, but national research proves smaller class size helps students learn the basics in a disciplined environment.  A study conducted in Tennessee in 1989, known as the STAR Study, compared the performance of students in grades K-3 in small and regular-sized classes. This important study found that students in small classes--those with 13 to 17 students--significantly outperformed other students in math and reading. The STAR study found that students benefitted from smaller classes at all grade levels and across all geographic areas.  The study found that students in small classes have better high school graduation rates, higher grade point averages, and they are more inclined to pursue higher education.  I repeat, students who are in smaller class sizes in first, second, and third grade have higher graduation rates, higher grade point averages, and are more inclined to go on to higher education. Isn't that what all of us want?  According to research conducted by Princeton University economist, Dr. Alan Kruger, students who attended small classes were more likely to take ACT or SAT college entrance exams, and that was particularly true for African American students.  According to Dr. Kruger:       Attendance in small classes appears to have cut the black-     white gap in the probability of taking a college-entrance      exam by more than half.  Three other researchers at two different institutions of higher education found that STAR students who attended small classes in grades K-3 were between 6 and 13 months ahead of their regular class peers in math, reading, and science in each of grades 4, 6, and 8.  In yet another part of the country, a different class-size reduction study reached similar conclusions. The Wisconsin SAGE Study--Student Achievement Guarantee in Education--findings from 1996 thru 1999 consistently proved that smaller classes result in significantly greater student achievement.  Class-size reduction programs in the SAGE study resulted in increased attention to individual students. This produced three main benefits:  No. 1, fewer discipline problems and more instruction,  No. 2, more knowledge of students, and No. 3, more teacher enthusiasm for teaching.  The Wisconsin study also found that in smaller classes, teachers were able to identify the learning problems of individual students more quickly.  As one teacher participant in the SAGE class-size reduction study said:       If a child is having problems, you can see it right away.      You can take care of it then. It works a lot better for the      children.  Parents of children in smaller classes notice the difference as well. The mother of a child who moved from a class of 23 students to a class of 15 students discovered that--she wrote this to me:       The smaller class makes it possible for the teacher to get      to know the kids a lot faster, so they can assess their      strengths and weaknesses right away and start working from      those points right away.  Discipline problems were also greatly reduced in smaller classes. One teacher said:       In a class of thirty students, you're always redirecting,      redirecting--spending most of your time redirecting and      disciplining kids where you're not getting as much      instructional time in.  Those are not my words, they are hers.  By contrast, another teacher said:       Having 15 [students], I'm so close to them. Generally, I      don't have to say a thing; I just look at them and they shape      up and get back to work . . . So I don't spend a lot of time      with discipline anymore.  The empirical support for smaller class size is compelling. Smaller classes in SAGE schools produced high levels of classroom efficiency; a positive classroom atmosphere; expansive learning opportunities; and enthusiasm and achievement among both students and teachers. The SAGE study concluded that the main effect of smaller class size was greater student success in school.  Today we have the opportunity to authorize the class-size reduction program in this bill and ensure we do not abandon our school districts in their efforts to reduce class size, which have been so successful.  It is our opportunity to make a commitment to improving America's public schools.  I am offering this class-size reduction amendment to give Members of the Senate the opportunity to show parents, teachers and students that we understand that it's important to reduce the class size.  My class size amendment will continue the progress we have made over the past 2 years in dedicating funding to class-size reduction. It will bring us to a total of more than 43,000 fully qualified teachers nationwide.  Here are the specifics of my amendment:  This amendment would use $1.75 billion to reduce class size, particularly in the early grades, grades 1 through 3, using fully qualified teachers to improve educational achievement for regular and special needs children.  It targets the money where it is needed within states.  Within States, 99 percent of the funds will be disbursed directly to local school districts on a formula which is 80 percent need-based, and 20 percent enrollment-based.  Small school districts that alone may not generate enough Federal funding to pay for a starting teacher's salary may combine funds with other dollars to pay the salary of a full or part-time teacher or use the funds on professional development related to class size.  This amendment ensures local decision-making.  Each school district board makes all decisions about hiring and training new teachers. They decide what their needs are. They decide how many teachers they want to hire. They decide which classrooms to focus their efforts on. They decide what goals they want those students to reach. It is local decision making.  This amendment promotes teacher quality.  Up to 25 percent of the funds may be used to test new teachers, or to provide professional development to new and current teachers of regular and special needs children.  The program ensures that all teachers are fully qualified.  School districts hire State certified teachers so students learn from fully trained professionals.  This amendment is flexible.  Any school district that has already reduced class size in the early grades to 18 or fewer children may use funds to further reduce class sizes in the early grades; reduce class size in kindergarten or other grades; or carry out activities to improve teacher quality, including professional development.  The flexibility for these funds is seen throughout my State.  In Washington, the North Thurston school district is using all of their funds to hire teachers to reduce class size. At the same time, the Pomeroy school district, which is a rural district in eastern Washington, was able to use 100% of their funds to improve teacher quality through professional development. The Seattle school district even used a portion of their funding to recruit new teachers.  The Class-Size Program is simple and efficient. School districts fill out a one-page form, which is available on-line. Here is a copy of the one-page form from my State.  This is a copy. We hear from the other side about bureaucracy and paperwork. This is an example of how targeted Federal funding for a program really works. This is a one-page form. School districts fill it out, and they get the money. It is at their request. They do not have to ask for the money, but if they do, they fill out a one-page form and the money is available to them.  Teachers have told me, by the way, they have never seen money move so quickly from Congress to the classroom as they have seen with these class-size reduction funds.  Linda McGeachy in the Vancouver school district, recently commented, ``The language if very clear, applying was very easy, and there funds really work to support classroom teachers.''  Finally, this amendment ensures accountability. In Addition, the language clarifies that the funds are supplementary, and cannot replace current spending on teachers or teacher salaries. Accountability is assured by requiring school districts to send a ``report card'' in understandable language to their local community--including information about how achievement has improved as a result of reducing class size.  Before I close, I just want to make one final point. This class size program was a great idea when we passed it 2 years ago, and I was especially pleased that we had the support of so many of my colleagues from the other side of the aisle.  In fact, I have a press release from the Republican Policy Committee which was put out on October 20, 1998. It listed class size as one of the accomplishments the Republican Party had at that time. It says, ``Teacher quality initiative cleared by the President,'' and it lists class-size reduction funding as one of the major accomplishments during the 105th Congress. So this was a bipartisan proposal.  Throughout the last 2 years, we have worked together to make sure the language works for everyone involved.  We have seen the results come in. Mr. President, 1.7 million students have benefited from this policy. That really is why I find it so surprising that in this underlying Republican bill we back away from that commitment that 2 years ago we were touting as the way to go and as an accomplishment for both sides.  I am offering this amendment today to give both the Democrats and the Republicans an opportunity to show that they care about the students in America's classrooms and to keep that commitment we made 2 years ago.  Parents, teachers, and students across America want students to be in classes that are not crowded. Working together over the past 2 years, we have been able to help 1.7 million students learn the basics with fewer discipline problems. The results are in. Smaller classes are making a positive difference. The research proves it. Parents, teachers, and students have seen the results. We should be committed to continuing that effort and not abandoning it in the underlying bill.  That is why I am offering this amendment today, to make sure we continue the progress in reducing class size. Our children deserve the best. America deserves the best. This amendment gives it to them. I urge my colleagues to support it.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  