 President, today we are beginning a vital education debate. It is a debate in which every student, educator, and parent has a stake. Schools across America are making progress, but we cannot be satisfied with the status quo. We need to build on that progress.  As we begin this debate, I am optimistic. We have the opportunity to help students across our country. We have the opportunity to invest in things we know work and to make sure every student can reach high standards.  I am optimistic, but I am also realistic about the way the majority has handled education this year. While I thank Chairman Jeffords for his genuine continued efforts to keep this a bipartisan process, I have to be realistic because, in the end, this has been a sharply partisan process, and the bill before us proves just that.  In committee, I worked with my Democratic colleagues to improve this bill, to make sure we kept our commitment to reduce overcrowded classrooms and to make sure that vulnerable students were protected. Unfortunately, my amendments, along with most of the Democratic amendments, were defeated on party-line votes. As a result, this bill is a flawed bill, and it will hurt students, but one would never know it by listening to its authors. I urge my colleagues and everyone who cares about public education to listen carefully to what you hear the Republicans say in this debate and also to listen for what you do not hear them say.  The rhetoric the proponents of this bill are using does not match the reality of the bill. First, they talk about local control, even though this bill reduces the control of local educators by giving all the choices to State bureaucracies. They will talk about local control, even though their bill adds an extra level of bureaucracy.  Next, they will talk about flexibility and suggest that Federal dollars are not flexible, but education dollars, such as the title I program, today--right now--give local educators great flexibility. In fact, one could walk into a dozen title I schools and no two schools will be doing the same thing with that money because this program today is flexible. Decisions at the school and district level are being made today.  We will hear them talk about accountability, even though their bill would experiment with students' futures for 3 years before there is any measure of accountability. That is 3 full years where kids will fall behind.  Finally, they talk about helping poor students, even though their bill eliminates--eliminates--the guaranteed funding those students rely on today. My colleagues will hear them talk about things that are much different from what their bill actually does. Their rhetoric does not meet the reality of this bill.  Just as important, there are many things my colleagues will not hear them say. They will not talk about funding cuts, but as history has shown, when specific programs are combined into a block grant, they end up with fewer resources. Block grants will mean fewer dollars for the classrooms next year.  They will not talk about how their bill will cut the lifelines that target funding to students who are homeless or neglected or of migrant workers.  They will not talk about how their bill will let public taxpayer dollars be diverted to private and religious schools.  They will not talk about those things, but those are the consequences of this bill. Their bill goes in the wrong direction, and students are going to lose out.  Instead of making sure that every student has a chance to reach high standards, the Republican proposal before us makes it easier for kids to be left behind. Instead of ensuring we reduce class size, the Republican proposal abandons our national commitment to give students less crowded classrooms.  Instead of making a national commitment to improve teacher quality, the Republican proposal fails to provide funding for professional development.  Instead of ensuring that we invest in the things we know work, the Republican proposal abandons accountability, writes a blank check to State legislatures, and hopes for the best.  That is not a responsible education policy. That is throwing their hands up in the air and walking away from proven methods for helping our students achieve. The Republican proposal goes in the wrong direction, and it will leave students behind.  I have been traveling around the State of Washington meeting with parents, students, and educators. I have visited high-poverty title I schools, and I have visited school districts large and small. As I have been able to discuss how these policies will actually affect what is happening in the classrooms, almost every single local educator has urged me to fight this approach because they know it will hurt their students.  I have come to the Senate floor today to show the American people what is at stake because they have a clear choice on how to improve education. On the one hand, we have Democrats who know that, while some schools are making great strides, we cannot be satisfied with the status quo. We believe the way to improve public schools is to invest in the things we know work, the things that are proven to help kids learn the basics in a safe, disciplined environment.  We believe we should make a commitment to reducing class size by hiring more teachers, improving teacher quality, making sure we have safe and modern school facilities, and making sure children have safe educational opportunities after school.  Educators, parents, and students themselves have told us these are the programs that make a difference in their classrooms, and that is why we want to make sure there are specific dollars behind those programs. That is what the Democrats are offering.  Republicans go in the exact opposite direction. They say we should have no priorities. They do not want to make any commitment to the programs we know work. They do not want to make sure every student in every part of this country can benefit from smaller class sizes and improved teacher quality. It is as if Republicans have forgotten the history of our national education policy, and by ignoring that history, they are making the same mistakes again and moving us back to a time when there was less equality in education.  One of the reasons this legislation was passed in 1965 was to ensure that every single child had great educational opportunities. Unfortunately, before the Federal Government became a partner in education, too many young people did not get the educational resources they deserved. That is why, in 1965, the Congress and the President enacted this monumental legislation, the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, which we are debating today, to focus resources on the students who were left behind and to help us set and meet national priorities.  We are making progress in improving America's schools. More students are staying in school and taking challenging courses today. SAT and ACT scores are up, dropout rates are lower today than they were 20 years ago, and college attendance is at an all-time high, and is increasing for all students, especially minorities.  We are making progress but we can't be satisfied with the status quo. But today, some in Congress want to risk letting vulnerable students fall through the cracks.  So as we reauthorize this legislation, we must stay true to its most basic principle--that no child is left behind. But as we worked in committee on this legislation, I watched as the majority moved away--far away--from that very basic principle.  I would like to mention that--according the Republicans--the Straight A's part of their bill is based on the policies of one State. And guess which Sate it is. It is Texas.  Now I happen to like the State of Texas, and I know Texas educators are as good as any in America. But there is only so much they can do with the bad policies they have been given.  After all, Texas ranks 45th in SAT scores. That is at the bottom of the pack. In Texas, minorities are twice as likely to drop out of school as white students. Texas schools have some of the Nation's highest dropout rates--which, by the way, makes the test scores of the remaining students look higher. Texas, after all, is a State that doesn't even require kindergarten. A recent Washington Post article noted that many education experts have concluded the ``Texas Miracle'' is more of a mirage.  We should base our national education policy on the things that we know work around the country--drawing success stories from educational innovators in every corner of the Nation. And we can do better than the one state the Republicans chose to highlight with this bill.  I would like to spend a few minutes talking about what these Republican block grants will mean for students because block grants could hurt America's most vulnerable students.  Today, many Federal education dollars are targeted to the students who need them the most. This ensures that money intended for poor students actually goes to poor students. It is a responsible, accountable way to meet the specific needs of students who would otherwise likely be left behind.  But the block grant proposal before us would allow those dollars to be used for any educational purpose--completely abandoning the targeting that ensures poor students get the help they need.  Recently, here on the Senate floor, one of my colleagues described the requirements that Federal dollars can only be used for specific purposes--as ``strings.''  Let me read you his entire quote, He said:       On the other side of the aisle, they want to have a string      running from every desk out to every classroom in America;      30,000 strings running off the desks, and pull a string here      and there so every classroom in America has to fall into      exactly what we outline in Congress.  My colleague calls the targeting of these dollars ``strings.'' I served on a local school board. I think it is a good thing that hard-earned taxpayers dollars intended for a specific purpose actually go to that specific purpose. It is responsible, and it is accountable.  Now I do agree that some Federal programs require too much paperwork and that we can't accept the status quo in education--but the overall idea that money intended for kids in need actually goes to kids in need is vital.  Let me give you an example. Recently, my office received a letter from Brenda Pessin. She directs a program that helps students who are migrant workers. These students rely on Federal education dollars targeted to meet their needs. Ms. Pessin--as director of the ESTRELLA program of the Illinois Migrant Council, wrote to me:       After many years of working on the program, I can say      without question that it is truly a lifeline for migrant      children and their families. There is simply no way that the      essential services provided by the program to this special      population--with such unique needs--will be continued under a      block grant.  My colleague calls them ``strings.'' But according to Brenda Pessin--who sees every day how these programs help vulnerable students--they are ``lifelines.'' I am inclined to listen to Ms. Pessin.  I want everyone to understand what these proposed block grants would do. They would cut the lifelines to vulnerable students.  Let me say that again. Block grants would cut the lifelines to vulnerable students.  If you look at this chart, shown here is a targeted Federal education dollar. It is surrounded by some of the services it guarantees for vulnerable students.  Shown here is an uncrowded classroom.  Shown here is transportation so homeless students can get to school.  Shown here is money targeted for technology training.  Shown here is extra time and attention from a qualified teacher.  And over on this side of the chart is shown two real students who depend on these programs and who represent hundreds of thousands of other students.  Shown up on top of the chart is Nikki. Nikki is an 8th grade student in Pennsylvania who is homeless. She is normally an A and B student but she was falling behind in two classes and at risk of failing 8th grade.  Furtunately, today we have a lifeline--shown right here on the chart--going to homeless students. It is called the Education for Homeless Children and Youth program. It is money the Federal Government sends to States with the requirement that it be used to help homeless students. This program provided the funding Nikki needed to get extra help in the classroom and to buy the school supplies her family couldn't afford. You know what. Today she is doing much better in school.  Nikki is not alone. There are between 600,000 and 1 million homeless students nationwide. Most States and localities provide no money for homeless education. In fact, currently the Federal Government only provides enough money to serve 37 percent of homeless students.  So right now we are not doing enough to help these vulnerable students, but at least today we know that the dollars targeted to homeless students are homeless students.  If that targeting was taken away--and that money could be used for anything else--who knows how students like Nikki would get help?  Block grants would eliminate the guarantee we make to Nikki right now. Now I am not suggesting that States would misuse the money--but wouldn't you rather keep our commitment to Nikki?  Wouldn't you rather know that--no matter what happens--the Nikki's of America won't be left behind?  We know that before we had a Federal commitment, homeless children were left behind.  That is why I am fighting to keep our commitment that money for homeless students should go to homeless students.  Block grants would cut this lifeline to Nikki and the more than half a million homeless students like her.  Down here on the chart is shown Ancelmo. Ancelmo is just finishing high school in the Yakima Valley in Washington State. When Ancelmo was growing up, his parents were migrant workers. They moved around several times a year in search of work, and Ancelmo had to change schools every time his family moved. Just as Ancelmo started to make a connection with a teacher, and began to feel comfortable with his classmates, he was moved away to another school, in another town--through no fault of his own.  Unfortunately, sitting in a classroom is not always an option for migrant students like Ancelmo. As they grow older, their families begin to rely on the work they can do. Many migrant students join their parents in the field--working long hours to help make ends meet. Students like Ancelmo are trapped. His family needed him in the field, but he needed to be in the classroom so he could get a good education and improve his life and his family's life.  Fortunately, today, we have a lifeline going to migrant students like Ancelmo. Thanks to the federally funded Migrant Education programs, Ancelmo could travel from town to town or State to State and his academic and immunization records followed him.  Thanks to Federal funding, many States have established a system of interstate collaboration to help migrant students meet the high academic standards. Without this collaboration, migrant children are in danger of falling further behind.  Thanks to federally funded Migrant Education programs, Ancelmo has been able to follow his dream of working with computers. He had to overcome a lot of barriers--like learning to speak English, and staying at school long hours to have access to a computer. But today--you know what?--Ancelmo has achieved his goal, and he serves as the computer technician for his entire school. Ancelmo hopes to go on to become a telecommunications specialist.  Thanks to federally funded Migrant education programs, teachers were able to work directly with Ancelmo and address his specific needs as a migrant student. He was not lost in the shuffle. Because of this attention to his specific needs, he learned quickly and gained confidence in his abilities.  Ancelmo is now a great asset to his community. He is a leader in church programs. He has served as captain of his football, baseball, basketball and soccer teams. He volunteers in the Big Brothers, Big Sisters program. He takes time to talk to children about staying away from drugs, and he spends his summers as a peer leader for other teens.  One of the reasons we need a national commitment to migrant students is because they move from town to town and State to State. I would hate to think of what would have happened to Ancelmo if his family had moved him to a State where there was no guaranteed funding for migrant education. That would have hurt not only Ancelmo, but the other students in his class who would be forced to do more with less.  Ancelmo's entire community would have lost out on his talent and leadership as well because there would not have been any guarantee that his schools would address his specific needs as a migrant student. He would have fallen through the cracks.  Ancelmo is not alone. there are 718,000 students nationwide who depend on the Migrant Education Program.  A block grant would eliminate the guarantee we make to students such as Ancelmo. Now, I am not suggesting that States would misuse the money, but wouldn't you rather keep a commitment to students like Ancelmo?  Wouldn't you rather know that no matter what happens, these students won't be left behind?  That's why I'm fighting to keep our commitment to vulnerable students.  Block grants would cut this lifeline to 718,000 students like Ancelmo.  Look at these kids. They are cut off from the lifelines that meet their specific needs. That's what happens to them when block grants are imposed on them. Their lifelines to vital services are cut, and they are more likely to fall through the cracks.  So at the heart of this education debate is a simple question: do you want to make sure that Federal dollars are guaranteed to go to the students who need them the most? Or do you want to take a chance?  Do you want to cut students' lifelines to success?  Unfortunately, some of my colleagues say those dollars should not be tied to specific programs, including these programs that make sure money gets to students who are homeless and migrant.  Some Members of the Senate would even let public school dollars be drained away into private schools.  Let me be clear: A block grant can't educate a single child. A block grant can't teach a child to read. A block grant can't help a single child learn the basics.  But a committed investment in the things we know work, such as improving teacher quality and reducing class size, those specific things can teach children to read. We should be investing in the things we know work, not experimenting with block grants.  We have a positive plan to invest in the things we know work. The first step is to make sure that disadvantaged students don't lose out.  The simple question is, is it worth keeping the guarantees to these students? I think the answer is clear. I think Nikki and Ancelmo would tell you: Don't cut the lifeline we depend on.  Unfortunately, students like Nikki and Ancelmo--and their parents--don't always show up at school board meetings. They don't show up in their State capital or here in Congress to say, Don't cut this program. So we've got to be their voice and speak out against the block grants that will cut their lifelines.  Mr. President, that is only one of the problems with the Republican proposal. Another major problem with block grants is they mean less money for the classroom. Right now, Republicans want you to believe that they will keep the same amount of money available for education. But when those dollars are combined into a block grant, we know they will be cut.  Block grants mean less money for the classroom. You see, block grants are not a new idea. They are an old and failed policy. One of the reasons block grants don't work is because they don't serve a specific purpose. And when there is not a clear purpose, it is hard to make progress toward a goal.  That is why education policy today is targeted. We have programs that are focused on poor students, on gifted students and on reducing class size.  But Republican block grants have no specific purpose. In effect, they're just a blank check. And the trickiest part about block grants is they have a history of shrinking. Here in Congress, we have many examples of programs that were turned into block grants. And once they were turned into block grants, they were squeezed and cut every year.  Let me give you an example. Title VI is an education program that funds innovative education programs including programs to increase local flexibility, reduce administrative burdens, and provide services for private school students.  In 1982, Congress provided about $708 million. But that year, Title VI was turned into a block grant and over time its budget was cut again and again. By 1999, funding for this program had been cut by 50 percent, chopped in half. That's fewer dollars for the classroom after it was turned into a block grant.  In contrast, other education programs that weren't turned into blockgrants were increased, such as education technology and Title I. But this one, which was turned into a block grant, was squeezed. That's what we can expect out of block grants.  And the consequences of these block grants will be felt in classrooms across the country. Kids will get fewer resources. That means that classrooms across the country would be overcrowded. New schools won't be built, and teachers won't get the training they need.  Anyone who votes for a block grant is saying: I know that under block grants, students will end up with less money, and that's OK with me.  I'm here to say that is not OK. We can't let block grants be used to cut education funding.  Mr. President, in addition to cutting the lifelines to vulnerable students and cutting education funding, block grants would reduce accountability.  Parents, teachers and all taxpayers want to know where their hard-earned tax dollars are going.  Today, we know where Federal education dollars are going. And today, we know they are targeted to the students who need them most. The block grant proposal contained in the ESEA bill would eliminate that accountability, and I'm on the floor to say we must keep our education budget accountable.  Unfortunately, block grants provide no accountability for where education dollars are going. Block grants provide no accountability to ensure those dollars are targeted to our most vulnerable students. And block grants provide little or no accountability for student achievement.  In fact, the Republican proposal would engage a risky, three-year experiment--an experiment that is not based on any proven strategies--all with the hope that 3 years down the road, students will not have fallen behind.  Let me be clear about one thing: While many schools are making dramatic gains, we cannot be satisfied with the status quo. We need to make sure all students are achieving at high standards.  So the question is: What's the best way to improve public education?  After my own experience as an educator, a parent and a school board member, I've seen that making an investment in the things we know work--reducing classroom overcrowding and improving teacher quality--is the way to improve public education.  Today, the Federal Government provides only 7 percent of all education funding. The Federal Government's role is small. But we Democrats want to make sure that every one of those Federal dollars are going where they will help students the most. That means making sure they remain targeted to vulnerable students and investing in reducing class size, improving teacher quality, helping school districts build new schools and modernize old ones, and closing the digital divide.  Even though the Federal Government only provides 7 cents of every education dollar, we know where that money goes.  We can tell parents how many children are being helped by specific programs. This chart shows how many students are served by specific programs and who will lose under the block grant provisions of S. 2.  For example, who will lose? Mr. President, 12.7 million children in a title 1 program; 71,300 parents and students, or 32,000 families, will lose in the Even Start Program; 197,000 students in the Neglected and Delinquent Youth Program; Class Size Reduction Program, 29,000 teachers and 1.7 million children. The list goes on.  Under all of these programs, we see millions of real students who are going to lose out under block grants.  Republican block grants would take all of these vital programs, pool the money together, and then write a blank check to the States, with no accountability. Today, we know where our tax dollars are going. But under block grants, we could not even tell taxpayers where their money was going. That is not responsible accounting budget, but that is the approach the Republicans are taking.  The other side thinks Federal dollars should not be targeted to meet specific needs. But many educators have told me that if these dollars were not targeted, the kids who need them the most would not get them.  Block grants provide no focus on proven, effective strategies to improve schools. States could even start private school vouchers that would drain funds away from public schools, where 90 percent of the students are enrolled. They would take the money from these programs and they could use it for that under this bill.  When it comes to accountability, Federal education dollars are seven times more targeted to poor students than State and local dollars. That targeting ensures that poor kids have the resources they need.  Unfortunately, the first thing block grants will do is eliminate that targeting. It's not hard to predict the results--poor students will end up with fewer resources.  Today, we know money is targeted to poor children. We have accountability. Under block grants, we don't know. There's no accountability to meet the needs of poor students.  Next I'd like to turn to student achievement because, unfortunately, the Republican block grant proposal requires little or no accountability for better student achievement. The bill does not define what, if any, consequences schools would face if they fail, nor does it specify when failing schools would face consequences.  A state would be free to ignore failing schools and the disadvantaged students who attend them. Only after 3 years are states held accountable for educational results. And even then, the accountability is weak--it just says that states must follow the underlying law. By that time, students have lost three critical years of learning.  Mr. President, this Republican Congress would take students across the country on a three-year experiment that is not based in proven, effective strategies, that will cut the lifelines to vulnerable students, and that will mean less money for the classroom, and less accountability to taxpayers. That's not a sound education policy--that's a disaster waiting to happen.  Under the Republican experiment, there will be no guarantee that money for poor students will go to poor students. Under their experiment, there will be no guarantee that money will go to the proven strategies that help students.  They would have us experiment like that for three years, and then we'll see what happens to the students. Anyone looking at that proposal can see poor kids are going to fall behind when resources are no longer targeted to them.  Democrats want accountability in education programs. We think we need to be able to tell taxpayers where their hard-earned tax dollars are going. We think we need to be able to tell taxpayers their money is being targeted to the most critical needs. And we think we need to be able to show taxpayers that students are improving. And we don't think we can take three years of a child's education and experiment with that critical time, when students need to master the building blocks of learning.  Today, we know where tax dollars are going. Under block grants, we don't know.  Today, we know money is targeted to critical needs. Under block grants, we don't know.  Today, we know public tax dollars will stay in public schools. Under block grants, we don't know.  Under the Republican bill, we would experiment for three years and hope students don't fall through the cracks.  That's why we're against this proposal. Democrats want to keep our education dollars accountable. I urge my colleagues to reject block grants and stand up for accountability.  So, Mr. President, that's the Republican agenda: block grants and vouchers, cutting lifelines to vulnerable students, less money for the classroom, and less accountability to taxpayers.  Parents, teachers and students have told us that agenda won't help all students reach their potential. They want us to invest in the things they know make a difference in the classroom--proven, effective strategies like reducing overcrowding.  Two years ago, we agreed on a bipartisan basis that we would help school districts hire 100,000 new, fully-qualified teachers to reduce classroom overcrowding.  This year, 1.7 million students across the country are learning in classrooms that are less crowded than they werethe year before. These students are learning in classrooms where teachers can spend more time teaching, and less time dealing with discipline problems. These students are getting the individual attention they need to learn the basics.  During the upcoming debate, I plan to offer an amendment to this bill to authorize the class size reduction program. This program has been so successful and we should authorize it so that it can help every student in this country reach high academic standards.  Throughout my state I've heard from superintendents, principals, teachers, and parents that reducing class size is really making a difference. We can't abandon this commitment to our schools!  Don Worley, of Kettle Falls Elementary School in Washington State recently told me:       The class size reduction program is one of the best things      for kids from the federal government in a long time--reading      scores are up and this is really making a difference.  I ask my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, why would you want to abandon an effort like this when it's really making a difference?  The first grade teachers at Eisenhower Elementary School in the Vancouver School District recently sent me a list of how smaller class size is making a difference in their school.  They said the following things--  ``Each student receives significantly more one-on-one help for academics and behavior.''  ``More curriculum is covered in all areas.''  ``Students are leaving the classroom with the ability to read.''  ``Students have less ``wait time'' for all kinds of teachers responses.''  ``More time is available to really get to know the student.''  And ``less paperwork leaves more time for students.''  Those are the words of teachers, who are telling us this is making a difference.  That's why I plan to offer an amendment that would provide $1.75 billion to our schools to reduce class size in grades 1 through 3.  This amendment will target the money where it is needed within states, and 99 percent of the funds will be disbursed directly to local school districts on a formula which is 80 percent need-based, and 20 percent enrollment-based.  The class size reduction program will ensure local decision-making and flexibility. School districts can use all funds to reduce class size, or use up to 25 percent for other needs.  Any school district that has already reduced class size in the early grades to 18 or fewer children can use funds: to further reduce class sizes in the early grades, to reduce class size in kindergarten or other grades, or to carry out activities to improve teacher quality, including professional development.  In small districts where the funding level is not enough to hire a new teacher, districts can choose to spend the funds on other activities, such as professional development, recruitment, testing new teachers, or providing professional development to new and current teachers of regular and special needs children.  Mr. President, if you look just in my state at how different school districts are using their class size money, you can see how flexible the program is.  In Washington, the North Thurston School District is using all of their money to hire teachers to reduce class size. At the same time, the Pomeroy School District, which is a rural district in Eastern Washington, used 100 percent of their funding for professional development for their teachers. The Seattle School District even used a portion of its funding to recruit teachers.  The class size reduction program is simple and efficient. School districts fill out a one-page form, which is available on-line.  And let me just add that teachers have told me that they have never seen money move so quickly from Congress to the classroom. Linda McGeachy in the Vancouver School District recently said: ``the language is very clear, applying was very easy, and these funds really work to support classroom teachers.''  Mr. President, I've worked as an educator, and I know it makes a big difference if you have 18 kids in a classroom or if you have 25 or 30 kids in a classroom. Smaller classes provide a better environment for kids to learn the basics with fewer discipline problems.  And smaller classes are an example of how Democrats are making a commitment to improving public education.  Republicans won't make that commitment, and the American people are going to get to decide which approach will help students more.  We believe that we should put our money behind the things that local educators tell us produce results. We believe that we should keep our commitment to vulnerable students. We believed that we should keep education dollars accountable. And we believe that we shouldn't let block grants shortchange students.  If you agree that we can't turn our backs on vulnerable students and critical needs, if you agree that we can't break our commitment to the things that are improving America's schools, and if you agree that we can't let block grants cut education funding and hurt students, I invite you to join our effort--along with thousands of parents and educators across America--to reject block grants and finally make a real, national commitment to the strategies that are revolutionizing America's schools.  Join us in this effort--let your Senators know they should reject block grants and instead support smaller class sizes, safe and modern schools, and high-quality teachers. Students across America are depending on it.  