 President, I am pleased to join with my colleagues on the HELP Committee in urging passage of this important bipartisan legislation to reauthorize the Older Americans Act.  For more than 30 years, the Older Americans Act has been our Nation's most important resource for helping seniors get the services they need in their own communities.  The OAA provides funding for senior centers, transportation, recreation, adult education, Meals-on-Wheels, preventive health care, and other essential services.  In fiscal year 2000 alone, OAA programs have provided more than $15 million in services in Washington State.  In addition, the act provides resources for the Nation's largest program for older workers, and it provides subsidized jobs and training to more than 65,000 low-income workers over age 54.  With more people retiring, the demand for OAA services has grown dramatically in recent years. Unfortunately, the program has not kept pace with current needs.  Today, we have an opportunity to finally reauthorize the Older Americans Act, and I'm calling on my colleagues to pass a clean reauthorization bill that is based on the bipartisan legislation developed by the members of the HELP Committee.  As a member of the Aging Subcommittee of the HELP Committee, I have been eager to pass a strong reauthorization bill,  While I'm disappointed it has taken so long, I know this bill will improve the programs that seniors and their families rely on.  As I have traveled around my State, I've seen the impact these programs are making. It's not just seniors who want the act reauthorized. Their families, physicians and communities also want to see the Act strengthened.  The safety net programs authorized in the Older Americans Act provide a life line for our most vulnerable citizens.  The Older Americans Act closes the gaps in services and offers seniors a way to maintain a dignified quality of life.  The nutritional assistance programs alone are critical to addressing the needs of low and moderate income seniors.  Job training programs allow seniors to keep their economic independence and to maintain important social ties to their communities.  The most significant improvement in this legislation is the creation of the new Family Caregiver Support program.  This innovative new program will offer families real support in meeting the long term care needs of their loved ones.  It will also provide assistance to older spouses--often older women--who are left to care for a frail family member.  The Aging Subcommittee heard testimony from many family members who are struggling to care for their aging parents. Because they don't have any help, they face significant financial and emotional burdens.  I know this new program will begin to address the problems facing those families who are caring for aging relatives in their homes.  I thank the chairman of the Aging Subcommittee, Senator DeWine, for his leadership in making this bill a reality.  I also thank Senator Mikulski for her efforts and hard work in making sure we honor the commitment to our seniors before we adjourn for the year.  I urge my colleagues to defeat the pending amendment and send this bill to the President without further delay.  We cannot allow this session to end without continuing the programs that have served America's seniors so well throughout the years.  I yield the floor.  