 President, I rise to introduce a resolution that haspassed the Senate for the past four years unanimously. My resolution, which I am introducing today with Senator Warner and 31 original cosponsors establishes October 17, 2000, as a ``Day of National Concern about Young People and Gun Violence.'' For the last several years, I have sponsored this legislation. I am pleased that Senator Warner has joined me again in leading the cosponsorship drive as we pledge to our young people across the nation that we support their strong efforts to help stop the violence in their own schools and communities. I thank Senator Warner for his help and partnership.  Sadly, this resolution has special meaning for all of us after the tragic events that occurred in the last couple of years. School shootings across the nation have paralyzed communities and shocked the country. In recent years, we've seen school shootings from Mississippi to Oregon. In fact, just two weeks ago, a thirteen year old boy in Seattle, Washington, opened fire in a crowded cafeteria at his junior high school. Luckily no one was hurt. These events have touched us all. Adults and young people alike have been horrified by the violence that has occurred in our schools, which should be a safe haven for our children. We are left wondering what we can do to prevent these tragedies.  I am again introducing this resolution because I am convinced the best way to prevent gun violence is by reaching out to individual children and helping them make the right decisions. This resolution establishes a special day that gives parents, teachers, government leaders, service clubs, police departments, and others a way to focus on the problems caused by gun violence. It also empowers young people to take affirmative steps to end this violence by encouraging them to take a pledge not to use guns to resolve disputes.  A Minnesota homemaker, Mary Lewis Grow, developed the idea of student pledges and for a ``Day of National Concern for Young People and Gun Violence.'' In addition, Mothers Against Violence in America, the National Parent Teacher Association, the American Federation of Teachers, the National Association of Student Councils, and the American Medical Association have joined the effort to establish a special day to express concern about our children and gun violence and to support a national effort to encourage students to sign a pledge against gun violence. In 1999, more than two million students across the nation signed the pledge card.  The Student Pledge Against Gun Violence gives students the chance to make a promise, in writing, that they will do their part to prevent gun violence. The students' pledge promises three things: (1) they will never carry a gun to school; (2) they will never resolve a dispute with a gun; and (3) they will use their influence with friends to discourage them from resolving disputes with guns.  Just think of the lives we could have saved if all students had signed--and lived up to--such a pledge last year. Twelve children would have been alive today and 50 people would have escaped injury from a school shooting. The reality is we've lost many children in what has become the all-too-common violence of drive-by shootings, drug wars, and other crime and in self-inflicted and unintentional shootings.  We all have been heartened by statistics showing crime in America on the decline. Many factors are involved, including community-based policing, stiffer sentences for those convicted, youth crime prevention programs, and changes in population demographics. None of us intend to rest on our success because we still have far too much crime and violence in our society.  So, we must find the solutions that work and focus our limited resources on resources on those. We must get tough on violent criminals--even of they are young--to protect the rest of society from their terrible actions. And we, each and every one of us, must make time to spend with our children, our neighbor's children, and the children who have no one else to care about them. Only when we reach out to our most vulnerable citizens--our kids--will we stop youth violence.  I urge all of my colleagues to join in this simple effort to focus attention on gun violence among youth by proclaiming October 17 a ``Day of Concern about Young People and Gun Violence.'' October is National Crime Prevention Month--the perfect time to center our attention of the special needs of our kids and gun violence. We introduce this resolution today in the hopes of getting every Senator to cosponsor it prior to this passage, which we hope will occur in early September. This is an easy step for us to help facilitate the work that must go on in each community across America, as parents, teachers, friends and students try to prevent gun violence before it ruins any more lives.  