 President, I come to the floor today to thank our minority leader, Senator Tom Daschle, for the tremendous effort he has made in helping us craft the Democratic alternative to the underlying bill that we are considering today, the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. This amendment the minority leader has put forward is going to make very important corrections to the Republican bill that will help all students in this country and their schools get the help they really need.  On Monday on the Senate floor, I, along with a lot of my colleagues on this side, outlined the many ways that this Republican bill is going to hurt our students. I outlined our positive agenda that will help all students reach their potential by investing in the things we know work.  Today, I have come back to the Senate floor to support this alternative which sets the right priorities for our students. This is a positive agenda for making improvements to the role the Federal Government plays in helping our local districts provide education.  Across this country, schools are making remarkable progress, but none of us can remain satisfied with the status quo.  As Americans, we believe every child should be able to meet high standards and reach his or her full potential. This debate in this Senate is our chance--our only chance, perhaps in 6 years--to make sure every child has the tools to succeed.  As a parent, as someone who has fought for our students on the PTA, as a school board member, I have seen what works in our schools. Parents and educators have told me we need to invest in smaller class sizes. We need to invest in teacher quality. We need to help to have more parental involvement in our schools. We need to invest in safe and modern schools for all of our kids. Those are proven strategies that are transforming schools across the country. We should invest in those powerful approaches.  Unfortunately, the Republican proposal before us goes in the exact opposite direction. Instead of making a commitment to what works, and to what we know works, it experiments with things that have no record of producing results for students.  Today, surprisingly, the Federal Government only provides 7 percent of all education funding. But those dollars are very importantly targeted to help America's most vulnerable students meet their critical needs. It is a responsible, accountable way to meet the needs in America's classrooms.  The Republican approach would take the things that are working and turn them into a block grant. Their block grant does not go to the classroom. It goes to State legislatures and adds a new layer of bureaucracy between the education dollars and the students who are so important.  The Republican approach puts all of its faith in block grants. I am here to tell you that students will lose out because, as I have said before, a block grant cannot teach a single child to read. A block grant cannot teach a single child the basics. But investing in teacher quality and reducing our classsizes can help teach children the basics. That is what we should be doing in the Senate.  The Republican block grant proposal is a reckless, giant step backwards. First of all, the Republican bill is going to hurt disadvantaged students. Today, education dollars are targeted at the Federal level to America's most vulnerable students, ensuring that children who are homeless or children of migrant workers get the resources they need. They travel from school to school, from State to State; and we need to make sure, no matter what school or State they are in, they get the help they need. Under block grants, there would be no assurance that the education dollars intended for these very vulnerable students will actually go to those vulnerable students.  Educationally disadvantaged students have very few advocates. Believe me, as a former school board member, I know they do not show up at school board meetings. They do not show up in State legislatures. They certainly do not travel here to the Congress to stand up for the programs that serve their children. We have the responsibility to do that for them. By eliminating the targeting that helps poor students, block grants would simply cut the lifelines that run to disadvantaged students. We cannot let that happen.  Secondly, block grants reduce accountability. Under block grants, we do not know where our tax dollars are going. We will not know if that money is being used for critical needs. We will not know if public taxpayer dollars are staying in our public schools.  Block grants have little or no accountability for student achievement. In this bill, we let 3 to 5 years pass before any accountability kicks in. We are going to lose kids in that amount of time. The Republican bill simply is a 3-year experiment that breaks our commitment to the things we know work, and it risks having students fall behind. Under the current bill, block grants would even allow public taxpayer dollars to be used for private schools.  The amendment that was previously offered supposedly fixes that, but it does not fix the fact that, under the title I portability requirements, public tax dollars will still be able to be used in private schools.  Finally, block grants mean less money for the classroom. Pure and simple, block grants will mean less money from the Federal Government to our classrooms.  By the way, block grants are not new. They do have a history here. That history shows us, very clearly, that when a specific program is turned into a block grant, inevitably the funding will get cut.  For example, an education program that we call title VI, which funds innovative education efforts, was turned into a block grant in 1982. Guess what happened between 1982 and 1999. The funding for that program was cut in half.  The effects of putting our education budget today into a block grant would be felt in every school across this country. We would see more overcrowded classrooms with fewer resources dedicated to improving teacher quality. That will be the result of block grants.  The Republican agenda is made up of block grants and vouchers, cutting lifelines to vulnerable students, having less money for our classrooms, and less accountability for taxpayers.  There is no reason to experiment with block grants and risk leaving students behind. We know how to improve education, and we should be doing that on the Senate floor. That is why I support the Democratic alternative that is now before the Senate.  We believe we must keep our commitment to vulnerable students. We believe we should keep our schools accountable. We believe we should not let block grants shortchange students. That is why we are fighting these block grants and standing up for the strategies that make a positive difference in the classroom. That is why we are working very hard to pass this Democratic alternative.  This alternative makes a real commitment to reducing classroom overcrowding. It keeps our commitment to help local school districts hire 100,000 new teachers to reduce classroom overcrowding, an approach that we know works--parents know it works, teachers know it works. Studies are showing that reducing class size in the first, second, and third grades makes a difference in our student's ability to read, to write, and to reduce discipline problems in our classrooms. That is in the Democratic alternative.  Over the past 2 years, Congress has provided more than $2.5 billion for the specific purpose of recruiting, hiring, and training teachers to reduce class size. Unfortunately, the underlying Republican bill walks away from that commitment. The Democratic substitute will authorize the Class Size Reduction Program, and provide $1.75 billion to help districts hire new, fully qualified teachers.  In addition to keeping that commitment, this alternative will address the need for a qualified teacher in every classroom. I assure you, when they send their child off to school on the first day of school in September, every parent wants to know two things: how many kids are in their classroom, and who is their teacher?  Why do parents ask those questions? Because they know if their child is in a classroom that is small enough, where they get individual attention, and if they have the best teacher, that child is going to learn.  We want to make sure every child has a qualified teacher in their classroom. This Democratic alternative makes a move in the right direction.  The amendment will hold schools accountable for better student performance. It will expand and strengthen afterschool opportunities for students, which Senator Boxer has been so strong on, knowing that it makes a difference in the educational lives of thousands of students across this country.  We will repair and modernize America's aging schools. I can't tell you how many times I have been in a school where we have seen kids with coats on because the heat didn't work, where water was dripping through the classrooms, where they were in portables. We send first, second, and third graders out across schools to use restrooms because there isn't any running water in their building. We believe our children can learn if we pay attention to what they are learning in.  Our underlying Democratic alternative increases parental involvement. Every parent knows intuitively if they participate with their child in their school, their child will learn better. We make sure that happens in the Democratic alternative.  Finally, we work to close the digital divide. As Senator Mikulski so eloquently speaks about, we have to make sure every child is on the right side of the digital divide. This Democratic alternative makes that happen.  I urge my colleagues to support this alternative. Clearly, the Republican proposal before us will leave students behind. By passing this amendment, we will show parents, teachers, and students across the country that we understand the challenges they face, and that we are going to be good partners at the Federal level to make sure all of our kids, no matter who they are or from where they come, will have the opportunity to reach their full potential.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hagel). The Senator from Tennessee is recognized.  