 He is right; the House has an obligation now to take up the bill that we have passed in the Senate and move it forward. I thank him and I agree with his comments.  We have been joined by the chair of the Commerce Committee, Senator McCain, who has done a tremendous job in moving this legislation forward. I personally thank him, as well.  It has been 16 months since a pipeline exploded in Bellingham, Washington and killed 3 young people. Back then, few Americans knew about the dangers of our Nation's aging pipelines. But in the past year--especially after the explosion in New Mexico last month--it became clear that this Congress had to do more to protect the public.  As my colleagues know, it is difficult to reform any major industry in just one year. But it was clear that we couldn't wait any longer to make pipelines safer. We in the Senate had a responsibility to protect the public, and I am pleased that the bill we passed earlier this month will go a long way to making pipelines safer. It is a dramatic improvement over the status quo.  That's why I've been so dismayed by what has happened in the House in recent weeks. The House of Representatives has not passed--or even marked up--any pipeline bill, but some Members have already called our bill inadequate. They also claim that they can pass a better bill this year--with just a few scheduled legislative days left in this Congress. I don't see it happening.  I have worked on this issue for over a year and that's why I want to address those claims--because they are based on three incorrect assumptions. The first fallacy is that the Senate bill will not improve safety. We worked long and hard over many months to pass a strong bill. And this bill will improve safety.  Let's look at some of the provisions.  Expanding the public's right to know about pipeline hazards;  Requiring pipeline operators to test their pipelines;  Requiring pipeline operators to certify their personnel;  Requiring smaller spills to be reported;  Raising the penalties for safety violators;  Investing in new technology to improve pipeline safety;  Protecting whistle blowers;  Increasing state oversight; and  Increasing funding for safety efforts.  These are clear improvements over the status quo and they will make pipelines safer. This is not a perfect bill, but we should not make the perfect the enemy of the good. Let's take the steps we can now to improve pipeline safety.  Some also suggest that the Senate bill relies on the Office of Pipeline Safety too much. Now it is clear that OPS has not done its job in the past. That is why this bill requires OPS to carry out congressional mandates. And we in Congress have a responsibility to hold OPS accountable for doing its job. I intend to remain vigilant in this area.  Our bill includes more resources for the agency. And today public scrutiny on the agency--especially after a report by the General Accounting Office and a report I requested from DOT's inspector general--have put the agency under a microscope. I am confident that OPS today has a renewed commitment to safety. And I am pleased our bill includes the right amount of new resources and tools to make pipelines safer.  Let me turn to another assumption that has been made by some.  They suggest this bill could be amended significantly this year. That's a long process even under normal circumstances. And this year there are only a few days left. I don't see how it could happen this year.  So some critics say--we'll start again next year--we'll do better next year. That means it will be at least a year--maybe longer before the issue is even brought up again.  And how can we have so much faith that we'll get anything stronger--or anything at all--under a new Congress and a new President?  Let me ask a simple question:  Would you take that bet if your family's safety depended on it? I wouldn't. And I don't think we can shirk our responsibility to protect the public this year.  Before I finish, I do want to say something about those who have raised concerns about the Senate bill. They are good people with good motives.  In some cases, they have paid too high a price. They want safer pipelines. That is exactly what I want. Unfortunately, here in Congress--their position ends up ``making the perfect the enemy of the good.'' And that means no reform at all.  Looking for some ``better bill'' really means no bill at all this year. Rejecting the Senate bill really means accepting the inadequate, unsafe status quo for at least another year. I don't want another American family to look at this Congress and say, ``why did you drop the ball when you were so much closer to improving safety?''  Passing the Senate bill means we will finally get on the road to making pipelines safer. Once we're on that road we can always make course corrections. But we've got to get on that road to start with and that's why I urge my colleagues in the House to pass the Senate bill immediately.  We've got a strong bill. Let's put it into law.  Let me make it clear: It is critical that the House take up this bill this year. Senator McCain has done an outstanding job. We owe the people in my State, New Mexico, and other States that have had accidents, to do the right thing this year. I encourage this Congress to act.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Crapo). The Senator from Arizona.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, before she leaves the floor, I thank Senator Murray. Without her unrelenting efforts and that of her colleague, Senator Gorton, I know we would not have passed the legislation through the Senate, and I know it would not have been as comprehensive nor as carefully done. I thank the Senator from Washington for her outstanding work, including that on behalf of the families who suffered in this terrible tragedy in her home State. I come to the floor today to once again bring to the attention of my colleagues the urgency of passing and sending to the President pipeline safety improvement legislation. While the Senate acted two weeks ago and passed S. 2438, the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2000, the House has yet to take action on pipeline safety legislation. Despite the efforts of Mr. Franks, chairman of theHouse Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, Hazardous Materials and Pipeline Transportation, who has introduced pipeline safety legislation that is almost identical to S. 2438, the full House has not advanced a pipeline safety bill. Time is running out.  I thank our colleague from Louisiana, Senator Breaux, for his active participation. His knowledge and expertise on this issue has been essential.  Mr. President, each day that passes without enactment of comprehensive pipeline safety legislation like that approved unanimously by the Senate places public safety at risk. As my colleagues may recall, just prior to Senate passage of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act, a 12-inch propane pipeline exploded in Abilene Texas, after being ruptured by a bulldozer. That accident resulted in the fatality of a police officer. Sadly, that accident brings the total lives that have been lost in recent accidents to 16.  In Abilene, the victim was a 42-year-old police detective who just happened to pass by in his car as the propane exploded across State Highway 36. Just last month, 12 individuals lost their lives near Carlsbad, New Mexico, after the rupture of a natural gas transmission line. And we cannot forget about last year's tragic accident in Bellingham, Washington, that claimed the lives of three young men.  I repeat what I said two weeks ago during the Senate's consideration of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act: we simply must act now to remedy identified safety problems and improve pipeline safety. To do less is a risk to public safety and will perhaps result in even more needless deaths.  It is my hope that I will not have to come to this floor again to implore our colleagues in the House to take action. It is not typical for me to urge the other body to take up a Senate bill without modification, but time is running out.  I also point out the strong support of our legislation by the administration.  I will quote from Secretary Slater's press release issued after Senate passage of S. 2438:       I commend the U.S. Senate for taking swift and decisive      action in passing the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of      2000. This legislation is critical to make much-needed      improvements to the pipeline safety program. It provides for      stronger enforcement, mandatory testing of all pipelines,      community right-to-know information, and additional      resources.  I further want to point out my disappointment that some in the other body are willing to put safety at risk for what appears to be pure political gain.  I am aware of a series of ``Dear Colleagues'' transmitted by some in the House harshly criticizing the Senate bill. This same bill, unanimously approved by the Senate, is strongly supported by Secretary Slater for being a strong bill to advance safety. Therefore, I find the criticism by a handful of House Members quite revealing when one of those harshest critics only last year voted in support of moving a clean 2-year reauthorization of the Pipeline Safety Act out of the House Commerce Committee and the other critic has not taken any action that I have seen to advance pipeline safety during this session. They just don't want a bill because they are betting on being in charge next year. That is the kind of leadership the American people would reject.  I do not consider enacting S. 2438 to be the end of our work in this area. Indeed, I commit to our colleagues to continue our efforts to advance pipeline safety during the next Congress.  I am willing for the committee to continue to hold hearings on pipeline safety and will work to advance additional proposals that my colleagues submit to promote it. But little more can be done in the time remaining in the session. I don't see how it could be possible to move any other pipeline safety bill prior to adjournment. Therefore, it is urgent for the House to act now.  The time is long overdue for Congress and the President to take action to strengthen and improve pipeline safety. We simply cannot risk the loss of any more lives by lack of needed attention on our part. Therefore, I urge my colleagues in the House to join ranks and support passage of pipeline safety reform legislation immediately so we can send the bill on to the President for his signature. Lives are at risk if we don't act now.  I thank my colleagues, and I yield the floor.  