 President, the Labor, Health and Human Services appropriations bill is meant to address the needs of our nation's most precious resource, our people. When a Labor, HHS bill is properly funded, it ensures the health of our families, the education of our children and the safety of our workers. Unfortunately, the bill before us falls short and I will vote against it.  In March, I expressed my concerns that the Congressional Majority was not sufficiently funding this part of the budget.  Today, in June, we can see specifically how those shortcomings will impact the American people. While this bill does make some specific gains in key public health programs, the overall picture is lacking.  While I am pleased with some parts of this bill, I am voting against it because it does not make the necessary commitments to public health, worker safety, and reducing class sizes. We have a surplus and we can invest in key programs like education, health care, job training, and work place, but instead we are guided by a spending plan that places a greater emphasis on irresponsible tax cuts.  Before I outline the specific reasons for my vote, I do want to thank the Chairman for his hard work on this bill. He has been given an impossible task, and he has still been able to make some key investments in vital health initiatives like the National Institutes of Health, NIH, our efforts to reduce medical mistakes, and efforts to expand medical services in rural areas through the use of telemedicine.  When it comes to funding the NIH, the additional $2.7 billion allocated in this bill is clearly a sound and wise investment. Unfortunately, we have not made the same investment in other important health care access and prevention programs, but I am committed to working with the Chairman to maintain this level for NIH.  We also need to ensure that all public health agencies receive the same level of commitment and support. Without the work and programs of CDC, HRSA, and FDA, research funded from NIH will never make it to patients.  We also need to show the same commitment to prevention programs and health care access programs that we have shown to NIH. What we sometimes forget is the number one killer in this country is cardiovascular disease, a disease that we can do more to prevent.  Another highlight of this bill is its support for innovative solutions to prevent medical errors. The $50 million to fund new projects to reduce medical mistakes is essential if we hope to implement effective, constructive solutions. I believe this new funding will provide support to hospitals and clinics to automate drug dispensing to reduce fatal errors from prescription drugs not administered correctly. It will ensure that we utilize ``best practice'' standards when implementing automation into hospitals and will allow the expansion of current efforts at the Veterans Administration to reduce medical mistakes. The Institute of Medicine's report on medical errors clearly illustrated what was wrong in our health care delivery system. Fortunately, this Appropriations bill provides the funding to help us avoid medical mistakes.  I also want to thank the Chairman for his support of telemedicine efforts. For rural communities in Washington state, expanding and enhancing telemedicine is an important part of ensuring access to quality, affordable health care. I appreciate the Chairman's support of my request for Children's Hospital in Seattle to support a telemedicine project.  I would be remiss if I did not congratulate the Chairman and Ranking member for their efforts on behalf of women's health care. The pending LHHS Appropriations bill does address many of the gender inequities in research and access. The Chairman has also provided an increase for the CDC Breast and Cervical Cancer Treatment Act to expand the Wise Women program to additional states, including Washington state. This important screening program would allow for the screening of breast and cervical cancer as well as heart disease. It builds on the success of the breast and cervical cancer screening program to offer greater access for low income women.  Clearly, there are some good elements of this bill. Unfortunately, the lack of overall investment in public health undermines these provisions. The bottom line is that the overall commitment made to the LHHS and Education programs has been short changed in order to provide massive tax cuts for the few. The priorities ofthe FY01 Budget Resolution simply do not reflect the priorities of working families.  Another problem with this bill is it does not protect America's workers. Today, we have one of the lowest unemployment rates in our nation's post-war economy. We have jobs that cannot be filled, but we also have workers who cannot find jobs because they lack the training and necessary skills. Dislocated workers are a resource we simply have not tapped and the funding levels in this bill do not allow for the necessary investment in these programs.  This bill also does not allow OSHA to issue an ergonomics standard, even though ergonomic injuries are the single-largest occupational health crisis faced by men and women in our work force today.  I am also disappointed that this bill does not fund the President's efforts to ensure pay equity. This bill does not give the Department of Labor and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission the tools it needs to enforce wage discrimination rules.  In addition, this bill does not guarantee that classrooms across America will be less crowded next year. While I appreciate the Chairman's efforts, the funding level is not adequate to meet our goal of hiring 100,000 new teachers to reduce classroom overcrowding. In addition, the structure of the funding does not guarantee that the funds will be used to reduce classroom overcrowding.  This is a national priority, and we should direct this investment to reducing class size. If we do not continue to honor our commitment to classroom overcrowding, we will have failed to give students the tools to learn the basics in disciplined environment.  I also am concerned that we have doomed this bill to failure if we reject the President's education agenda, which includes a targeted class size reduction program. Not simply throwing more money at the problem, but using limited resources to invest in our children. I will continue to work with the Chairman as I do believe he is trying to work with difficult spending limitations, but we need to improve our commitment to reducing class sizes. This bill does not get the job done.  Finally, Mr. President, I want to express my strong opposition to the Helms Amendment, which would override the choices of thousands of communities and would endanger America's students.  Currently, 23 states allow minors access to confidential family planning and contraceptives. The Helms amendment would override those laws and--in effect--create a new federal parental consent law. Access to safe, confidential reproductive health care services for minors is a major health concern, and various communities have found their own ways to address it.  This is not just about preventing pregnancy. It's about preventing fatalities. AIDS and HIV threaten students today. Unfortunately, this amendment jeopardizes a public health effort to protect these students.  I do want to mention that I was surprised to hear the sponsor of this amendment talk about access to RU-486 in school-based clinics. I would remind my colleague that RU-486 has still not been approved for use in this country. The real issue here is our ability to protect the health of students across America, and the Helms amendment stands in the way of that important priority.  When I look at the Labor, HHS bill, I see a bill that fails America's workers and students. Because this bill does not make the necessary investments in public health, worker safety and education, I am voting against it.  