 President, I have come to the floor this afternoon to publicly thank my colleague from the State of Washington, Mr. Gorton, for endorsing my bill, S. 2004, the Pipeline Safety Act of 2000. I am delighted Senator Gorton joined with me on this very important public safety issue. Senator Gorton has the respect of many in the Senate leadership, and I expect he will be a great help in helping us pass this pipeline safety bill. I look forward to working with him to make sure that the tragedies he talked about today--such as the one that occurred in Bellingham, WA--don't happen again.  I also wish to take a moment to recognize the efforts of many, many people in my home State of Washington--especially the mayor of Bellingham, Mark Asmundson, who has done more than anyone I know to raise public awareness about pipeline dangers and to call for stronger safety measures.  I encourage my colleagues, many of whom I have met personally over the last several months on this issue, to take this opportunity now to join Senator Gorton and me in helping to ensure the safety of the pipelines that transport natural gas, oil, and other hazardous liquids throughout our communities.  Since 1986, there have been more than 5,700 pipeline accidents nationwide. These accidents have killed 325 people and injured another 1,500. Three of those people died in Bellingham, WA, last June. We want to make sure we take steps this year to ensure that does not happen again to any other community. It is time to act. It is time to prevent another disaster.  My bill, S. 2004, would expand State authority. It would improve inspection practices, a move that is drastically needed. It would expand the public's right to know.  For any of you who may suffer from a disaster in the future, you will quickly find that your communities and cities won't have the ability to ask pipeline companies whether pipelines have been inspected, and what problems there are, or actions they have taken to solve those problems, unless we pass the public's ``right-to-know provision.'' It will improve the quality of pipeline operators, and it will increase funding to improve safety.  I look forward to working with the rest of the Washington State delegation to put the lessons that we learned all too tragically in Bellingham, WA, into law.  I ask my colleagues, many with whom I have met, to again take a look at this legislation and join us in sponsoring it, and for this Senate and Congress to move on this very important piece of safety legislation.  Thank you, Mr. President.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  