 President, I commend my colleague from California, Senator Feinstein, who has done a remarkable job in presenting this issue to the Senate on behalf of not only her constituents but on behalf of many of us across the country. I thank the Senator for her leadership.  I yield myself 10 minutes.  I rise today, as well, in support of the amendment before the Senate. I pose a question to the Members of this body, a question asked by 750,000 mothers, fathers, and children who gathered in our Nation's Capital for the Million Mom March this past weekend. It is a question being asked by tens of thousands of people who took part in rallies across 70 cities in this country this last weekend. It is a question being asked after every school shooting and after every other act of gun violence.  I ask my colleagues: What will it take to get this Congress to pass commonsense gun legislation? Do we have to wait for more innocent people to lose their lives before this Congress will act? Currently, 12 children die every day from gunfire. Do we have to wait for our homes and places of worship to become crime scenes? Lord knows, we have seen enough of that. Do we have to wait for our schools, placeswhere our children should feel safe and loved, to become war zones?  We have already had school shootings in many cities: Littleton, Deming, Jonesboro, Flint, Conyers, Pearl, Fort Gibson, Springfield, and Moses Lake in my home State of Washington. Do we have to wait for a million people to rally here in D.C. and across the country to get this Congress to act? We just had that this past weekend. Do we have to wait for a shooting to take place right here in the Nation's Capitol Building to act? We have already had that. Do we have to wait until no place is safe for this Congress to pass commonsense legislation? We are getting closer to that every day. It is not getting any better. It seems the accidents are all the more common. It seems the shock and the pain and the loss keep growing, but this Congress has not acted.  What is it going to take for this Congress to pass commonsense gun legislation? I want to give my colleagues a reason to act. I want to share with them a personal story about how gun violence is tearing our country apart. It is a story from a member of my own staff in Washington State. She is a wonderful woman named Mary Glen, who lost her son in a tragic robbery. It is something that has had a tremendous impact on her and on me. I know I cannot convey, or even imagine, the horror she has been through. But I also know that her voice must be heard by this Congress, so I want to read to you what she said in her own words at the Million Mom March in Seattle, WA, this past weekend.  I truly commend her for her courage, telling her story so openly and allowing me to share it with you today. Mary Glen said:       On Jan. 1st 1994 I awoke to a knock at the door, two police      officers were standing there with the news that my 15-year-     old son, Shaun was dead. Shot in the back, robbed of his      money and his clothes.       As Shaun left a convenience store after purchasing a pizza      early New Year's morning of 1994, two young men took him by      gun point, forced him into a car, drove him a couple blocks      away, made him strip out of his clothes, took his money and      then ordered him out of the car. They then shot him in the      back! What a cowardly act. My world was torn apart that day      but all I could think of is I can't let this happen to anyone      else's child.       As a mother, I had been a good parent, but that wasn't      enough as I found out. It didn't matter how good of a parent      I was, because when Shaun was out of my sight I couldn't      protect him from what happened.       Sixteen days later I was speaking to other Moms who had      lost loved ones due to guns.       In February of 1994, just 6 weeks after I buried Shaun, I      spoke before the Washington State Legislature, telling my      story and asking for stricter gun laws, telling them, if they      had tears in their eyes after just hearing my story, which      they did, imagine how I must feel having to survive it and go      on without my son.       This kind of violence is preventable. In April of 1994,      Senator Feinstein invited me back to Washington, DC for a      press conference on the assault weapons ban, part of the 1994      Crime Bill. . . .       There, I met with others who had lost loved ones and      together we spoke out about gun violence to anyone who would      give us the time. The effects of gun violence are very brutal      and personal for me. . . .       This isn't about being pro or anti gun it's about saving      our children who leave our houses and are not coming home.      The devastating effects don't magically stop. It's an ongoing      struggle. . . .       If I could have one wish answered for Mother's Day this is      what it would be: That every person who screams about their      2nd amendment rights and the need to own a gun without      wanting to be held accountable for the responsibilities that      go with it, feel the pain of losing a child to murder for one      day--because then doing the right thing wouldn't even have to      be argued.  Those are the words of Mary Glen. She is a member of my staff in Washington State, and I could not agree with Mary more. She is a survivor. She is a strong and loving woman. I got to know her through her work with Mothers Against Violence in America. So, again, after sharing Mary's story with all of you I ask: What will it take for this Congress to pass commonsense gun laws?  Last year, in the juvenile justice bill, the Senate passed commonsense gun restrictions. We closed the gun show loophole; we mandated trigger locks on all handgun sales; we enacted legislation to ensure that violent juveniles cannot buy weapons; and we banned the importation of high-capacity ammunition clips. Unfortunately, this Congress has failed to make that bill law. The juvenile justice bill has languished in the conference committee for nearly a year.  Some opponents of commonsense laws say we are not doing enough to enforce the laws that are already on the books. This administration has done more to protect children from gun violence than any in our Nation's history. Gun prosecutions overall have increased nearly 30 percent in the Clinton-Gore administration. Of course, there is more we can do, and the President has proposed increasing the number of Federal gun prosecutors and helping States with their gun prosecutions and enforcement. But at the end of the day, all of the excuses and all the doubletalk from opponents will not save one life. Sensible gun laws will save lives. But first we have to get this Congress to act.  Today, with this amendment, we are asking this Congress to act in a small and symbolic way. We are asking this Congress to commend those who took part in the Million Mom March. It is the least we can do for a group of people who have suffered losses many of us cannot even imagine. They have asked: What will it take for this Congress to pass commonsense gun legislation? Let's answer them by showing we are ready to protect Americans from gun violence. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  