 President, I respond to the Senator from Massachusetts by reminding my colleagues that I formerly served on a school board. I can tell you what you do in the months of June and July. You hire teachers and renew contracts. School districts out there that have used the Federal dollars that we have provided them for the last 2 years have hired those teachers and they now have to make a commitment to continue.  For example, the Takoma School District in my home State of Washington used the class size dollars to reduce class sizes of 58 first grade classrooms. In that school district, they now have 15 students in those classrooms. It has made a tremendous difference. But they have hired these additional teachers, and they are now looking at the underlying bill that we have which says to them that this is now going to be a block grant with no guarantee that this money will go to the most needy 80 percent of the schools. Under the block grant program, they are going to lose some of the money in their districts for these teachers. They, therefore, right now can't make a commitment to these teachers that they will be able to hire them again in September.  This sends a very bad message to local school boards across the country that have hired teachers. And school boards are not going to be able to make the commitment that they need to make. That is why this amendment is so important. It will send a message today--right now, almost at the end of June--that they can make a commitment to those teachers.  Being a teacher right now is extremely difficult, as the Senator from Massachusetts well knows. Most teachers aren't paid well. They have trouble staying in schools because of the many challenges that are there already with this kind of uncertainty: Well, we might be able to hire you. You have to wait and see what Congress does in a couple of months because they haven't given us a commitment. We are not sure you are going to be able to go back. If I were a teacher in those circumstances, I would be out finding another job immediately. These teachers have to put food on the table, pay their rent, and they have all the expensesthe rest of us have. They can't live in an uncertain job market such as this.  We have a responsibility to tell them the truth and to tell them what we are doing. By passing the underlying amendment today, we will send a message to those school boards that they can give a commitment to those teachers, and those teachers will know where they will be in September. Without passage of this amendment, I guarantee you that we are going to be in a budget debate in October where we are going to be having the President say he will veto the budget without this. And we will be making a decision in October that we could very easily and simply make today.  That is why this amendment is so important.  