 President, I commend my colleague from Maryland, Senator Mikulski, for her leadership and for her fine statement on this important issue that is before the Senate today.  I am very proud to join my many colleagues who are here to commend the men and women of the U.S. Capitol Police Force. Day in and day out, these fine officers risk their lives to protect all of us who work in the legislative branch. They also protect the millions of people who travel from across the country to the Capitol every year.  They deserve our respect and they deserve our thanks. They certainly do not deserve pink slips. Unfortunately, that is what the budget that was recently passed by the House Republicans would give them. In fact, in the budget that was passed by the House Appropriations Committee, if it were to take effect, 438 members of the Capitol Police Force would be relieved of duty. That is no way to thank some of the hardest working and most dedicated people I have ever encountered. At the same time that security experts are recommending to us we hire additional officers so we can station two officers at every entrance, the House majority's proposal goes in the opposite direction and requires us to fire officers.  Many people who are visiting the Nation's Capitol often turn to our Capitol Police Force for help in finding their representatives' offices or to get tour information. While our officers are always very gracious and helpful to everyone, the public really does not get a chance to see the many other things they do.  Every day, these officers interact with thousands of people, constantlyassessing potential threats and stopping problems before they ever have a chance to start.  In fact, in recent days, there have been two potential instances of violence in this Capitol complex. Thanks to the quick work of the Capitol Police, and others, those situations were quickly controlled and no one was injured.  In a world where the number of threats seem to be growing, in an age when you never know when someone will act violently, and in a time when the memories of the two officers who died protecting Members of this Congress are still fresh in our minds, we are all better off with a strong, professional, and well-trained Capitol Police.  I think it is fair to say that through their work they help all of us carry out the democratic process.  They do not just protect elected officials; they protect everyone who visits and works near the Capitol Building.  I have been very disappointed to hear what some of the House Republicans have said about the Capitol Police. I do not think those comments reflect accurately on the work of the Capitol Police. I certainly do not want the officers to think that those few Members reflect the way the rest of us feel about the work that you do.  I encourage my colleagues to do three things to honor these fine men and women.  First, I hope Members, as they go about their daily work, take a moment to say thank you to the men and women of the Capitol Police Force, and let them know how much you appreciate the fine work they do.  Secondly, don't let the House Republican budget slap these officers in the face. Instead, let's give them the tools and the resources they need to do their jobs effectively.  Finally, I hope all Members of the Senate will vote for the sense-of-the-Senate resolution and show that you stand with us in supporting our Capitol Police.  I join the Senator from Maryland in commending Senator Bennett and Senator Feinstein for doing an outstanding job. I hope we can adopt this resolution with a very strong vote so that we can maintain the numbers that they have worked to put into this budget.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  