 President, I applaud the efforts of the sponsors of this amendment.  As a Senator from a border State, I recognize the frustrations that have brought us to this point.  American consumers must have access to safe, affordable prescription drugs.  Mr. President, I intend to vote for this amendment because I believe we must move this debate forward.  I know that many Americans are facing serious problems because of the cost of prescription drugs.  I hope this amendment will have some impact on the market forces and that we will see some savings as a result.  But, Mr. President, while I will support this amendment, I do have two serious concerns.  First, we must be careful that we don't weaken the high safety standards for drugs in this country.  And second, we should not think for a moment that passing this amendment will mean we have helped senior citizens get access to the drugs they need.  We still must pass a Medicare prescription drug benefit.  I'm concerned that this amendment could draw attention away from the much larger issue of providing a prescription drug benefit through Medicare.  Mr. President, I've spent a lot of time working on this issue.  In fact, back in 1997--as a member of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee--I examined the drug approval process so that we could enact a responsible and balanced FDA reform bill.  The one lesson I took away from that process is that, while some of the rules for drug approval in this country can be lengthy, they have been successful in ensuring that America's prescription drugs are safe and effective.  We've worked hard to ensure we have safe pharmaceuticals in this country, and I don't know any American who would accept anything less than the safety we have today.  Unfortunately, this amendment does not guarantee that those standards will remain as strong as they must be. That's because other countries have lower standards.  In fact, a recent hearing in the House Commerce Committee clearly illustrated a number of lapses in safety inspection at facilities outside the United States.  I'm concerned that even with ``importation restrictions'' we can't be as confident as we should be of the manufacturing standards used abroad.  This amendment gives us no assurance about the conditions under which the products were packaged, stored, handled, or shipped.  Consumers have no way to determine the potency of the individual units.  We know there are these types of problems with imported drugs today, and I'm concerned that unless this amendment is implemented very carefully, we could magnify those problems.  While I am pleased that the sponsors have made significant improvements from the House-passed amendment on drug reimportation, I'm still concerned that implementation could undermine our faith in the safety of all prescription drugs.  Mr. President, I'm also concerned that there is no guarantee that consumers would reap the benefits that are being suggested.  There is no requirement that the wholesaler or distributor pass the savings on to consumers.  Today, each consumer today often pays a different price for a prescription drug depending upon whether or not they have insurance coverage.  This amendment could simply enrich drug wholesalers at the expense of consumers.  In fact, back in 1999 David Kessler, the former FDA Commissioner, made this point regarding the effect on the consumer when he said:       . . . prices to ultimate consumers are generally not      lowered. . . . Rather, the profits go to the various      middlemen, here and abroad, while consumers bear the risk.  Mr. President, the bottom line is that drug re-importation does not guarantee any savings for the consumer.  Mr. President, I have heard many of my colleagues talk about the need for a prescription drug benefit for seniors to ensure affordable access to prescription drugs.  If any of my colleagues think this amendment will meet this objective, they will be disappointed.  This amendment will simply not provide affordable, continuous, comprehensive access to prescription drugs for Medicare beneficiaries.  A prescription drug benefit is not just something to be ``tacked-on'' to Medicare. It has to be a fundamental change in how we provide health care to seniors and the disabled.  Today, prescription drugs are the doctor's office visits of 20 years ago and that must be considered as we work on adding a prescription drug benefit.  Mr. President, I do plan on supporting this amendment with the reservations I've mentioned.  I am hopeful that the regulatory process can address some of these risks, and I believe this amendment will--at the least--address some of the issues of fairness that have been raised.  I just hope that America's seniors are not fooled by this amendment.  No one should claim that--with this amendment--we have addressed the issue of prescription drug costs for seniors.  It is still a job we must undertake, and I hope that this amendment strengthens--rather than weakens--the resolve of the Senate to provide a prescription drug benefit through Medicare.  