 President, I thank the Senator from Vermont for his comments. I am looking forward, hopefully, to him chairing the Judiciary Committee next year; so that women such as Bonnie Campbell are not held up for months on end and we actually have a chance to put good, qualified women and minorities into judiciary positions in this country.  I also thank the Senator from Vermont for his tremendous work on the Violence Against Women Act, bringing us to a point today where we are finally going to have a vote on this bill, despite the fact there are other parts of this bill that I do not believe should be attached to it. I appreciate his efforts because this is an extremely important bill.  I have come to the floor to express my strong support for reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act and to endorse the pending conference report. In communities across America, the Violence Against Women Act has been an overwhelming success. It has empowered women and children to escape violent relationships, and it has helped to put abusers behind bars. On every account, the Violence Against Women Act deserves to be reauthorized. I urge my colleagues to support this vital legislation.  It is unfortunate that reauthorization was allowed to lapse this past month, but I am pleased the Republican leadership has finally agreed that reauthorization must be a priority. I wish we had reached the conclusion earlier in this session.  This subject deserves a much more open and extended debate than has been allowed, but I want to take full advantage of the opportunity before us, the chance to reauthorize and strengthen the Violence Against Women Act. VAWA has been nothing short of historic.  Not long ago, domestic violence was considered a private family matter. That perception made it very difficult for women to get help and for communities to confront domestic violence. But all of that changed in 1994. I am very proud to have worked to pass the Violence Against Women Act because, for the first time, our Nation recognized domestic violence for what it is--a violent crime and a public health threat.  Through the Violence Against Women Act, we created a national strategy for dealing with violence against women. Today, looking back, it is very clear just how revolutionary the act was. For the first time, it established a community-wide response, bringing together cops and prosecutors, shelters and advocates and others on the front lines of domestic violence. It authorized programs to give financial and technical support to police departments to focus on domestic violence and to encourage arrests. It recognized and supported the essential role of the courts in ensuring justice. It provided funding for battered women's shelters and for programs that address the public health impact of domestic violence.  VAWA authorized funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, for Rape Prevention and Education, and it helped establish a national toll-free hotline for victims of domestic violence. Today, 1-800-799-SAFE offers battered women immediate help. In fact, every month, that hotline receives more than 13,000 calls. Back in 1994, some people wondered whether this unprecedented national strategy would work. Today, 6 yearslater, the facts are in and it is clear that the Violence Against Women Act has been a success. Arrests and convictions are up. We have more than doubled funding for battered women's shelters. Since 1994, we have appropriated close to $2 billion for VAWA-related programs.  As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, one of my highest priorities has always been increasing funding for the Violence Against Women Act programs. In communities throughout my State and others, the need is overwhelming, and funding makes a dramatic difference. Working with the chairman of the Subcommittee on Labor, HHS, and Education of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I have seen funding for shelters climb from $10 million to more than $100 million. I know Senator Specter has been a strong advocate for the Violence Against Women Act programs. I am pleased that VAWA has always been a bipartisan issue in appropriations.  While we have much to be proud of today, we cannot forget that abuse is still too common. In Washington State, my home State, the toll-free domestic violence hotline received more than 37,000 calls between July 1998 and July 1999. We cannot forget that there are still too few resources for women in need. In my State during that same period, 23,806 women and children were turned away from shelters--turned away as they sought help because the resources were not there.  We cannot forget that not all communities offer a full range of services, and not all police departments are equipped to handle a life-threatening domestic violence call.  The truth is, while the Violence Against Women Act was a historic first step, it was just that, a first step. The time has come for us to build on the foundation created by that act. VAWA offered an immediate response to the threat of violence. Now it is time to address the long-term issues. It is time to confront the long-range economic barriers that trap women and children in violent relationships.  I have worked with Senators Wellstone and Schumer to write and introduce the Battered Women's Economic Security Act. This legislation tears down economic barriers and breaks the cycle of violence. Our bill deals with employment discrimination, insurance discrimination, housing assistance, legal help, and child care. It addresses the punitive elements of the welfare system that can penalize women who are fleeing dangerous situations. It provides additional help to shelters and providers to meet the overwhelming needs of battered women and children.  I had hoped we would have been able to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act in a timely manner and move to addressing those economic issues that I have outlined. Unfortunately, we cannot have that debate today or in this session of Congress. But let me assure my colleagues we will be back in the 107th Congress to fight to put these powerful tools in the hands of victims and their advocates.  Before I conclude, I want to say a special word of thanks to the many people who have helped us reach this point today.  I thank, again, Senator Leahy and Senator Biden for their leadership. They worked very hard to bring a bipartisan bill to the floor today.  I also thank all of the advocates who fought so hard to ensure the success of the Violence Against Women Act and who have been aggressive in urging this Congress to act. Without their support in our communities, VAWA would never have been a success.  I thank the Washington State Coalition Against Domestic Violence for its dedicated work.  I thank all of the advocates, police officers, and community leaders with whom I have worked since 1994 to implement VAWA and to strengthen this important act.  I thank the many shelters and organizations that have opened their facilities to me during this session of Congress, including the Tacoma-Pierce County YWCA, Kitsap Special Assault Victims Investigative Services in Bremerton, the Bellingham YWCA, the Vancouver YWCA Domestic Violence Day Care Shelter, the Spokane Domestic Violence Consortium, the Spokane Women's Drop-In Center, and the people at Vashon Island Domestic Violence Outreach Services.  As I have visited with them, I have seen firsthand the services they offer and the challenges they face. I have spoken personally with women who have had their lives changed because of the services offered, and I have been impressed by the progress they are making day in and day out. Those experiences have strengthened my determination to support their work in the Senate.  In closing, it is clear the Violence Against Women Act has been a remarkable success. We cannot delay authorization any longer, and I urge my colleagues to vote for this measure. I look forward to working with those in the Senate and those in my State to help build on the progress of the Violence Against Women Act in the next session of Congress.  I thank the Chair.  