 President, our Nation is blessed with many natural treasures that hold unique scientific or cultural value.  That's why in 1906 the Congress passed and the President signed the Antiquities Act to give us a way to protect these unique lands.  Since 1906, presidents of all parties have used the act to designate over 100 national monuments--including several which Congress later designated as National Parks including the Grand Canyon, Grand Teton and Olympic National Parks.  Each year, more than 50 million visitors enjoy our country's national monuments. Today, there are other unique areas throughout our country that hold similar value. Unfortunately, some of these remarkable areas are threatened by growth, development, and harvesting.  I believe we have a responsibility to protect these natural treasures. I believe we have a responsibility to be a good steward of these lands and to pass them on--untarnished--to future generations  I'm proud that Washington state is home to the Hanford Reach--which is the last-free flowing stretch of the Columbia River. During World War II and the Cold War, the people of the Tri-Cities made sacrifices that helped our nation end World War II and win the Cold War. Because of the high security around the nuclear facility, for decades this part of the Columbia River and the surrounding land was protected from development. Unfortunately, its future was not certain.  The Hanford Reach is a key salmon spawning ground and as many of my colleagues know we are working in the Pacific Northwest to help recover our once-abundant salmon stocks. I was pleased that the President used his authority--under the Antiquities Act--to designate the Hanford Reach as a National Monument.  Mr. President, it was the right thing to do.  That designation will help us recover salmon stocks, will ensure families can continue to enjoy the Reach, and will share the history of the Tri-Cities with the American public. And of course, the designation will preserve a unique habitat for future generations.  I hope that in the future, the Hanford Reach National Monument receives the attention and recognition that it deserves. The Olympic National Park began as a National Monument--one of the first--designated by President Roosevelt in 1909. Many generations of Americans have enjoyed the natural splendor that the Olympics and the surrounding area offer. I hope that the Hanford Reach will also become a destination for Americans eager to learn more about our past.  Unfortunately, the Nickles' amendment would deny the possibility of such protection to other deserving areas around the country. It is clear that supporters of this amendment are unhappy with the President's use of the Antiquities Act. But in the end, the President has legally exercised the authority vested in him by the Act.  If this Congress is really unhappy with the Antiquities Act, it could amend the Act itself or override particular designations. But we all know that won't happen. The reason it won't happen is because the majority of Americans believe that the lands protected under the Antiquities Act are deserving of such protection.  The Grand Canyon, Devils Tower, Mt. Olympus, Jackson Hole, Death Valley, Joshua Tree--have all been named as national monuments. Few would argue these areas are not worthy of such recognition and protection. The fact is many of these designations have been so popular that Congress later designated them as national parks, often expanding them at the same time. Again, Olympic National Park in my home state is an example of such Congressional action.  In 1906, Congress had the wisdom to grant the President the power to protect important natural and historic areas of our country. The need for such power is not at an end. Threats of development and impacts from other activities will continue and in some cases will lead to the recognition that greater protection for certain federal lands is warranted. At that time, the President, who ever she or he may be, should have the ability to act as every President has since 1906. Indeed, since the Antiquities Act was passed 14 of the 17 Presidents have used its powers.  If it is indeed the will of Congress to limit this historic power of the Presidency, then let us do so after a full and public legislative process. This amendment is simply a back-door attempt to accomplish what the sponsor and supporters know they cannot do through a stand alone bill.  Despite some controversy, the President's designations have had the support of members of Congress and the public. In fact, I--along with many members of my state's delegation in the House--supported the President's recent designation of the Hanford Reach as a national monument. This designation was also supported by many people in the Tri-Cities and across the state.  Before I close I remind my colleagues that a similar amendment was included in the House Interior bill as it was reported by the Committee. Fortunately, thanks to the leadership of Congressman Dicks and Congressman Boehlert, that amendment was removed from the House bill. However, before the amendment's removal, the House bill received a veto threat because of this provision. We can certainly expect a similar veto threat from the Administration if this amendment is adopted.  For the first time in years, we have the opportunity to pass a free standing Interior Appropriations bill into law. This amendment would seriously compromise that possibility.  We should stand up for the people and communities who are eager to share in the benefits of these national monuments.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment.  