 President, I rise as a member of the Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee to express my strong support for this conference report. I want to extend my congratulations to Senator Leahy and Senator McConnell as this is clearly one of the best Foreign Operations bills produced in recent years.  This is a good bill which will advance U.S. interests on many fronts. This is a good bill for my constituents who are engaged in global affairs in everything from international trade to humanitarian relief efforts. This is always a tough bill to finish because it address several very controversial issues. Unlike years past, however, this bill is being widely praised by both parties and by the Administration. Again, that is a tribute to the leaders of our subcommittee who worked so hard to bridge very difficult issues.  Perhaps the most significant agreement within this bill is the commitment to fulfill U.S. obligations on debt relief. By providing the requested $435 million for debt relief, this Congress is sending a powerful message to the poorest countries in the world. The U.S. and the international community, by following through on debt relief to the world's poorest citizens, can give new hope to millions of people. I am proud to have supported this effort. And I am so proud of my constituents who embraced campaigns like Jubilee 2000 which made debt relief an issue no one could ignore.  I want to single out one gentleman in particular who touched so many of us here on Capitol Hill with his work. The Reverend David Duncombe from White Salmon, Washington was a heroic champion for debt relief. On two occasions in the last year, Reverend Duncombe staged hunger strikes here in Washington, D.C. to demonstrate the effects of starvation on the human body. Reverend Duncombe visited my office almost every Wednesday morning when he was in Washington, D.C. He stood before us all, day after day, in solidarity with the millions of people affected by this issue. Passage of debt relief is a genuine tribute to people like David Duncombe who rallied Americans to the debt relief cause all across our country. I'm proud Americans came together to ensure our foreign aid dollars will make a difference for poor citizens around the world.  I am strongly in support of this bill's increased funding for international family planning. This bill also repeals the global ``Gag'' order which has crippled our international family planning efforts in previous bills. We know that more and more women in the developing world are starting businesses and contributing to the economic health of families. These women want access to family planning programs and information to build strong, sustainable families. It is time to take our domestic political debate out of the international family planning appropriations process once and for all. International family planning programs help save the lives of women throughout the world. International family planning in a health issue and should be treated that way.  This bill is also strong in the area of export promotion. This bill provides more than $900 million to the Export-Import Bank of the United States which facilitates job creating exports from throughout our country. Other trade promotion entities like OPIC and TDA will receive increased funding under this bill as well. These programs are tangible, real proof that our foreign aid program generates jobs and economic opportunity for Americans.  There's so much more in this bill which will benefit America's interests. We continue our strong program of microcredit lending. Our commitment to UNICEF and important organizations like the Peace Corps continues with this bill. And we are providing increased funding to confront AIDS, tuberculosis and other health threats to the developing world. I am particularly supportive of the bill's $50 million contribution to the Global Alliance for Vaccines & Immunizations. The Foreign Operations Subcommittee has devoted much energy to the GAVI effort, and I encourage the Senate to continue its involvement in this promising program.  Our efforts to assist Russia and the former Soviet states as they continue to struggle with reform are key parts of this bill. Washington state is particularly interested in the Russian Far East. This bill funds democracy-building initiatives, economic transition and other programs for most regions of the former Soviet Union. It's frustrating work, but I support this assistance because it is important to our national interest. In other parts of the world, this bill funds human rights work, environmental protection programs, and other important democracy-building initiatives. From Burma to Serbia to Latin America, this bill works to advance America's interests in so many areas.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support this important conference report.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (