 President, I take a moment to commend my colleagues--Senator Robb, Senator Harkin, Senator Lautenberg, and Senator Dorgan, for bringing this important amendment to the floor.  I commend the work they have done and their commitment to school modernization which means so much to our communities and the children who attend the public schools in this country.  I have heard the other side say throughout this debate they have made a commitment to education. But I am concerned, as I look at their budget, that a real commitment is missing. I believe that part of making a real commitment to education requires providing resources to our schools. Today, my colleagues are offering an amendment as a way to offer this choice.  Today, a record 53.2 million children are enrolled in elementary and secondary schools. By 2009, this number will reach 54.2 million. As a result, local communities need to build or modernize 6,000 public schools, and repair an additional 8,300 public schools. In addition, the average public school building in this country is 42 years old. These schools need improvements.  What kind of message do we send to our children when they can go to shopping malls, movies theaters, and baseball stadiums that are significantly nicer than their schools? What kind of message does that send about our priorities?  This amendment would once again provide us with a clear choice on the issue of education. Do we want a tax cut, or do we want to provide to modernize our schools. This amendment would allow the federal government to take a roll as a partner in helping our districts meet the pressing need of modernizing our school buildings.  The amendment would provide $1.3 billion in grants and loans to help schools address urgent facilities issues, and provide tax credit bonds to help communities finance the cost of new construction and major repairs for schools.  This Congress has made a commitment over the past two years to reducing class size. This program is truly making a difference in our schools. I believe we have the opportunity this year to continue the efforts to reducing class size, and providing funds for school to make sure they have the facilities to provide for these smaller classes.  A decent sized class in an adequate facility is not too much for our children. I hope you are all able to make this choice and support this amendment.  