 Lautenberg, for his tremendous leadership on the Democratic side of the Budget Committee. I have truly enjoyed working with him and will miss him a great deal in the coming years. His leadership has been so important to all of us.  I come to the floor today to address the Republican budget proposal and to tell my colleagues that I will be a ``no'' vote because I believe it fails to reflect the priorities of families across this country. In fact, if this budget were submitted to any math class, it would get an F because, frankly, the numbers do not add up.  The reality in this budget does not meet the rhetoric. Despite all the claims, when we do the math, the things Americans care about--improving their education, reducing the debt, saving Social Security, strengthening and modernizing Medicare--have all been left behind. The things that matter to families have been sacrificed in the name of an irresponsible tax cut.  I am disappointed that this budget abandons the progress we have made since 1993. Since I first joined the Budget Committee, our Nation's financial strength has grown dramatically. Through the hard work of the President, the Vice President, and Congress, we have turned deficits into surpluses. We learned many important lessons. We learned that budgets must be realistic. They have to take into account what our Nation needs and what we are capable of providing.  This budget is neither realistic nor responsible. It does not provide the necessary investments in education and health care. It does not ensure that prescription drug coverage for Medicare beneficiaries will be considered before we enact tax cuts. Instead, this Republican budget sacrifices our priorities for a $200 billion tax cut.  I am extremely concerned that this tax cut could eat up all of the on-budget surplus. Given this Congress' track record on tax cuts, it is fair to assume that, as usual, the top 10 percent of the people will get more than 60 percent of the benefits. The President and the American people rejected that tax plan last year, and I expect they will reject it again. We can have responsible and fair tax cuts that are fiscally prudent, but you won't find them in this budget.  I am also disappointed that this conference report dropped two important priorities during the conference committee. First, an important amendment I introduced to ensure programs that help victims of domestic violence was dropped. Another amendment concerning pipeline safety was also left behind. In the Senate Budget Committee, I introduced an amendment to ensure that pipeline safety efforts are funded at levels that were called for in my bill. My amendment was unanimously passed by the Senate Budget Committee. Unfortunately, this budget makes it almost impossible to fully fund the Office of Pipeline Safety. Our budget should help us make our pipeline safer. I fear this budget moves away from our responsibility.  I will be talking later this evening about the issue of pipeline safety as well.  While those two key amendments were dropped, I am pleased that my amendment concerning women and Social Security was affirmed. After 2 years, the Republican budget conferees have finally committed that Social Security reform should not penalize women. I am pleased it is in this budget.  Overall, to make room for their tax cut, Republicans shortchanged the investments that really matter to the American people. In fact, in key areas, this budget doesn't even keep up with inflation.  I will give a few examples of how this budget leaves America's priorities behind. The decisions in this budget will be felt in classrooms across America. The budget before us would decimate the progress we have made over the last 2 years in reducing overcrowded classrooms. In the last 2 years, we have hired 29,000 new, fully qualified teachers to reduce class sizes in first, second, and third grades. Today, because of that action, 1.7 million students are learning in classrooms where the basics are taught in a disciplined environment. We should be building on our progress. This Republican budget before us today abandons our progress. This budget tells students: Sorry, you are going to have to sit in an overcrowded classroom next year because, under the Republican tax plan, you are not a priority.  It should be a priority that we pay down our national debt instead of passing that burden along to our children. This budget tells every young American: Sorry, you better start saving money now to pay off the national debt because, under the Republican tax plan, you are not a priority.  It is a priority that we strengthen and modernize Medicare. It is a priority that seniors get help buying the medicine they need because no one should have to choose between buying medicine and paying for food. This budget tells seniors: Sorry, you can't get the prescription drug coverage you need because, under the Republican tax plan, you are not a priority.  The American people want real budgets, not gimmicks. They want to know that our Nation's vital priorities are being treated as priorities. They don't want the things that matter in their lives to be squeezed out by unbalanced tax cuts that only benefit a few people.  We should be using the surplus we have today to honor our commitments to our children and to our seniors. Now is the time to address the long-term solvency of Social Security and Medicare and to provide resources to local communities to make our classrooms ready for the 21st century. Those are the things a responsible budget would do. We should pass a budget that reflects the priorities of the American people and one that is realistic. I believe the budget before us fails the American people on both counts. Therefore, I must oppose it.  I thank the Chair and yield the remainder of my time to the Democratic side.  