 President, I strongly oppose this amendment.  We should be reducing the hazards that America's workers face--not putting roadblocks in the way of increased worker safety.  Ergonomic injuries are the single-largest occupational health crisis faced by men and women in our work force today.  We should let OSHA--the Occupational Safety and Health Administration--issue an ergonomics standard.  Ergonomic injuries hurt America's workers and America's productivity.  Each year, more than 600,000 private sector workers in America are forced to miss time from work because of painful musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs).  These injuries also hurt America's companies because these disorders can cause workers to miss three full weeks of work or more.  Employers pay more than $20 billion annually in workers' compensation benefits due to MSDs and up to $60 billion in lost productivity, disability benefits and other associated costs.  The impact of MSDs on women workers is especially serious.  While women make up 46% of the total workforce and only make up 33% of total injured workers, they receive 63% of all lost work time from ergonomic injuries and 69% of lost work time because of carpal tunnel syndrome.  In addition, women in the health care, retail and textile industries are particularly hard hit by MSDs and carpal tunnel syndrome.  Women suffer more than 90% of the MSDs among nurses, nurse aides, health care aides and sewing machine operators.  Women also account for 91% of the carpal tunnel cases that occur among cashiers.  Despite the overwhelming financial and physical impact of MSDs and the disproportionate impact they have on our nation's women, there have been several efforts over the years to prevent OSHA from issuing an ergonomics standard.  This amendment is intended to stop OSHA from implementing its ergonomic standard, which is scheduled to take place by the end of this year. We have examined the merits of this rule over and over again.  Contrary to what those on the other side of this issue say, the science and data support the need for an ergonomics standard.  We shouldn't be placing roadblocks in the way of its implementation.  The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) studied ergonomics and concluded thatthere is ``clear and compelling evidence'' that MSDs are caused by work and can be reduced and prevented through workplace interventions.  The American College of Occupational and Environmental Medicine, the world's largest occupational medical society, agreed with NIOSH and saw no reason to delay implementation. The studies and science are conclusive.  Mr. President, the states are getting this right.  My state--the state of Washington--just one month ago became the second state along with California to adopt an ergonomics rule.  The rule will help employers in my state reduce workplace hazards that cripple and injure more than 50,000 Washington workers a year at a cost of more than $411 million a year.  The estimated benefits to employers from reducing these hazards are $340 million per year, with the estimated costs of compliance of only $80.4 million per year.  Now Washington and California both have ergonomic standards. North Carolina proposed an ergonomics standard and I understand that other states are also looking into the possibility of developing their own standards to benefit their workers.  We should take the cue from my state and others who have seen the wisdom of issuing ergonomics standards.  We cannot afford to delay an important standard which will greatly improve workplace safety.  Outside of ergonomics, I want to make one general statement about another provision of the underlying bill.  The Senate bill underfunds the Dislocated Worker programs by some $181 million dollars, and it underfunds vital re-employment services by $25 million.  This will mean that 100,000 dislocated workers will be denied training, job search and re-employment services.  In addition, the cuts in re-employment services would effectively deny 111,000 people seeking unemployment insurance from getting other vital re-employment services.  Last year these programs were very helpful to workers in my state who were laid off through no cause of their own.  For example, the Boeing company, the largest employer in my state, has been especially hard-hit by the trade consequences of overseas competition from Airbus. Thousands of workers have been laid off in the past few years.  Those workers who were laid off have been receiving benefits from these programs, and I think it's irresponsible to abandon these workers who were laid off through no fault of their own. We owe it to the workers of America to fully-fund those programs that benefit them and their families.  I urge my colleagues to correct this funding problem so these workers aren't left behind.  In closing, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.  We should allow OSHA to issue an ergonomics standard.  It will be an important step forward in protecting our nation's workers from crippling injuries.  