President, first of all, I appreciate the efforts my colleague from Colorado has made on the committee all the way through, in addition to the transit portion of this bill. We have had a very cohesive committee in the time, well over a year, we have worked on this issue.  I would like to go through a few more sections here until someone appears, wanting to be recognized.  Arguably, this bill could be characterized as the most significant bill we will deal with in terms of how it affects so many people.  Regarding the Real-Time System Management Information Program, real-time information is the key to enhancing the operation and performance in the management of our transportation system. In drafting this legislation we adopted the ambitious and important goal of providing nationwide capability of real-time traffic and travel information. The more up-to-date information available to highway users, the better they are able to utilize the highway transportation system efficiently. The objectives of the Real-Time System Management Information Program include improving the security of the surface transportation system, addressing congestion problems, improving responses to weather events, and facilitating national and regional travel information.  As part of this real-time information program, States are required to establish a statewide incident reporting system within 2 years unless the Secretary grants a longer extension of time.  We try to recognize all the way through the bill what we don't want to do. Having been a mayor of a major city for four terms, I know what unfunded mandates are. That is something we don't want to be a part of, and we are not. We were sensitive to the problems of States and local governments so unique problems we cannot foresee at this time are taken care of with the discretion of the Secretary of Transportation.  Regarding future Interstate System routes, under current law, States have 12 years to construct National Highway System roads according to the standards of a highway on the Interstate System if they wish to designate the highway as a future Interstate System route. Recognizing the relative needs of the States and their respective abilities to meet these standards, this bill extends the current 12-year requirement to 25 years in order to give States more time to substantially complete the construction of highways designated as future Interstate System routes.  One of the problems, if we didn't do this, is that is making this a race to complete projects. The decision that programs should warrant more time, we feel, is going to end up being in everyone's benefit.  Stewardship and oversight is section 1802. Value engineering is another important stewardship tool for reducing the total cost of projects and improving their quality. Along these lines, States must annually certify the adequacy of their financial management systems and project delivery systems to meet all Federal requirements for financial integrity.  Accordingly, the Secretary is required to develop minimum standards for estimating project costs and to periodically evaluate the States' practices for estimating costs, awarding contracts, and reducing costs. States must apply a value engineering analysis during the design phase of all highway projects on the Federal aid system over $25 million and all bridge projects over $20 million to reduce the overall cost of the project and improve project quality.  Not only are States required to meet standards of financial integrity for federally funded projects, but they must also determine that subrecipients of those Federal dollars also have sufficient accounting controls and project delivery systems.  The bill also contains mechanisms to protect future Federal aid projects from fraud by mandating the debarment of contractors who have been convicted of fraud related to Federal aid highway or transit programs. It mandates the suspension of contractors who have been indicted for offenses relating to fraud.  This has become a problem because there is no mechanism set up to keep this from happening. We now will have the mechanism.  Section 1803 is design-build contracting. Under the current law, a design-build contract is defined as an agreement that provides for both the design and construction of a project. The goal of design-build contracting is to reduce costs by contracting out the design and construction of a project to a single contractor. At Senator Cornyn's request, the bill expands eligibility for design-build projects to include the design and construction of intermodal facilities.  Section 1804 is program efficiencies financing. To address certain program efficiencies in the area of financing, the bill revises current law by removing the existing restrictions that States must obligate all apportioned or allocated funds or demonstrate they will use all obligation authority allocated to it for a Federal aid highway or highway safety construction before advanced construction projects are approved. This revision clarifies that advance construction procedures can be used for all categories of Federal aid funds, and that when a project is converted at a regular Federal aid project, any available Federal aid funds may be used to convert the project.  The bill further removes the existing requirement that the Secretary first approve an application from the State before authorizing the payment of the Federal share of the cost of the project when additional funds are later apportioned or allocated to the State.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Alexander). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  