President, I stand today to honor a brave young American who gave his life defending our Nation. He felt a call to serve his country, to be part of something bigger than himself, and, ultimately, paid the highest price.  LCpl Lamont Wilson, of Lawton, OK, was assigned to 2nd Battalion, 1st Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division, 1st Marine Expeditionary Force, from Camp Pendleton, CA. His parents, Lanny and Florence Wilson, still live in Lawton, where he graduated from Eisenhower High School in 2003. By June, he was already serving as a marine, fulfilling a military dream Lamont kept alive since childhood. When asked why he joined the Marines, Lamont explained it was to make his father proud.  On September 6, in Fallujah, Lamont was killed in combat. He gave his life for the freedom of millions of Americans and also for the peace and prosperity of the Iraqi people crippled by a totalitarian regime. His funeral, held at St. John's Missionary Baptist Church in Lawton, was a joyous celebration of Lamont's life and service to God and country. Although the loss of this young man is a loss we all feel, our thoughts and prayers are especially with his family and friends.  Lamont's dedicated service showed the spirit that drives us to fight oppression around the world. He knew that he and his fellow marines were fighting to protect America, to keep their Nation safe. The way Lamont signed letters he wrote home--``Sleep Well, America''--embodied the noble spirit of sacrifice in the hearts of the men and women in our Armed Forces. It is for men like Lance Corporal Wilson that I am proud to be a part of this great country. He was a special marine but, more importantly, a special man.  Several of us who have spent time over in Afghanistan and Iraq have talked to these young people there, the young troops. They sometimes ask the question: Why is it that people don't appreciate us? It is because they get kind of a perverted media over there that doesn't really understand what the war is all about. I gave them my assurance that we understand the sacrifices they make, that we are at the most threatened position today this country has ever been in, and it is people like you who are keeping and preserving our freedom.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  