I appreciate it very much. It is a recognition that a lot of people will think all of a sudden we came up, last week, with a bill and a formula. They don't realize we have spent a year--a year of our lives--working on a formula, looking into the same things the Senator is talking about.  I am from a donor State. We have been a donor State as long as I have been up here. The Senator talked about working on TEA-21. You also worked on ISTEA in the beginning because I was there with you. Those formulas were not as good because they were based on minimum guarantees. A minimum guarantee is you figure, how do I get 60 votes, and then we don't care what happens to the rest of you. We did not do that.  We considered the donee States, donor States, the fast-growing States, because there is a ceiling in there for them, and then there is a floor for some of the States that have either a low population or are low-yield States. All these things were taken into consideration.  So anything that is as complicated and long as this is, you can pick it apart. But I can tell you right now, we spent a lot of time on it. There are people who are interested in the transit part of it. There are some, such as the Senator from Ohio, who have been very much concerned about and made great contributions to safety. Some of them are concerned about freight and the obstacles that are out there. But we have it all in this one.  I feel good about this bill. It has taken a year to get where we are today. Frankly, you just cannot startreadjusting a formula of which you took every consideration in putting together. You have something that is fair. You cannot then start readjusting it. If you change one State, it changes all the other States, and then you have to go back and start all over.  I think there are those who would prefer we would have to do that because they don't want to have a bill. But we are not going to operate on extensions, and I have every expectation we will get a bill this week.  People say: What about the House? They are going to want an extension. They are not where we are. Well, you are not going to get them to do anything until we do something, in my opinion.  I appreciate very much the Senator from Mississippi making his comments about this bill.  I yield the floor.  