 Mr. President, there are other points about which I could be talking that were brought up, but I don't think it serves any useful purpose. We made great progress on this bill. People have said nothing happened last week. Something did happen last week. We had a chance to bring up the bill, go over the bill, talk to people, and line up votes, quite frankly.  We have the vast majority of people believing this is the right bill. I only regret there are those who try to say it is not fair for one reason or another. There is no question, if you take this and the last two 6-year reauthorizations, that this bill is far more fair than any other authorization we have done.  All these points were kept in mind as to donee States and donor States. Now that we get up to 95 percent, we are going to forget about what it was like to be a 70-percent donor State, but I can remember. This will be an issue that will go away because you figure you are high enough. This bill got us there.  At the same time, we have donee States, States that have done very well in the past. I mentioned a minute ago, partially because the former chairman of the House Transportation Committee, Congressman Bud Shuster--and I served with him for 8 years in the House on that committee--perhaps his State got a little higher than it should have through his anxious approach. However, when you compare that to the State of Oklahoma--this is an interesting comparison--you can look at a chart and see you are not getting as much as last year and, therefore, it is unfair.  That is just not true. My State has roughly the same road miles as the State of Pennsylvania. If you look at the next 6 years, the State of Pennsylvania is getting three times as much money as we are getting in our State of Oklahoma. It doesn't sound like I did a very good job for Oklahoma.  There are other factors involved. It was called to my attention by one of the Senators from that State that it is a pass-through State. Everyone goes through Pennsylvania to get someplace. How do you put that into an equation? How do you put down how many people stop to buy products or services in your State? Some of these factors can't be done.  I will say this: The old bill turned out to be a minimum guarantee. That was wrong. That was a political document that merely said we will make 60 percent of the people in this Chamber happy, and we don't care what happens to the other 40 percent. That was not an appropriate way to approach that bill.  With the factors of donee, donor, total lane miles, vehicle miles traveled, annual contributions to the highway trust fund from commercial vehicles, diesel fuel just on highways, relative share of the total cost of repair and replacement of deficient highways and bridges, weighted nonattainment in maintenance areas, and rate of return for donor States, this formula has worked, and I am very proud of it.  We have gone through the last 2 weeks complimenting each other and the leadership. I certainly compliment my friend from Vermont, the ranking member, Senator Jeffords, as well as Senator Reid, the ranking member on the subcommittee, and, of course, Kit Bond, the chairman of the subcommittee under my committee. But I also compliment the staff.  I can promise you, Mr. President, that the staff worked many more hours than we did. They were down there all this last weekend. All I was doing was sitting on the phone calling for votes. It was a lot of hard work, a lot of dedication. I want all the staff members of the majority and the minority to know how much I personally appreciate them.  I think it is necessary to have this bill. I can't think of anything worse than going on these short extensions and no one can plan in advance. With the bill we have today, we have it set up so we can plan in advance.  The IPAM part of this bill will allow those projects which are ready to go to start working, to start those projects going, to hire the people.  We had a chart a while ago as to the number of people this bill puts to work. We are talking about almost 3 million people, 3 million jobs that will be filled as a result of having this bill pass.  I look forward to talking about the amendments, working toward cloture, and getting this bill passed in the Senate and sent to conference so we can all go to work in conference and come up with a good solution to our Nation's highways, roads, and infrastructure problems, as well as jobs in America.  I yield the floor.  