We have been talking about how complicated the formula is when you take into consideration the growth of States. We are dealing with low-population States. We have a floor. We have donor States and donee States. But the Senator from Arizona is right when he said we actually have more donor States than we had under TEA-21. The disparity amount is far less between the donor and donee States. We are calculating that now. I think the point needs to be answered, and I think we are going to be prepared to do it.  A State such as New York, for example, has gone from $1.25--in other words, $1.25 for every dollar that has been put in--down to 99.75. That is down to getting back everything they have put in, but it is dropping down substantially from the amount in the previous bill.  I have looked at States to try to defend myself in being fair on this. If you look at TEA-21--that was Senator Moynihan, Representative Schuster, and Senator Chafee--Moynihan's State went up to $1.25; Schuster, $1.20; Chafee, $2.16, and mine--and I am chairman of the committee--is only going to go up to $.95. And we are still going to be a donor State. I think that should demonstrate we are being fair on this.  To suggest that Colorado is getting a raw deal, they have the highest rate of return of any State. But formulas are complicated. I am not critical of the Senator from Arizona. There will be others down here who do not want this bill to pass, and it might not have anything to do with the formula. No one can argue that this formula is the only fair formula we have.  How many times on the floor of the Senate in previous years have Members waited until they got 60 votes and took care of 60 Members and then turned around and not cared what happens to the rest? We don't do that. It would be easy if we did that. We talk about countervotes, and go back and get it passed.  As far as the Finance Committee, I think they have done a good job. They don't have their final product out. But I know the criteria on which they are working, and I am very proud of Senator Grassley and Senator Baucus for the work they have done. It might be that there is some money being taken out of the general fund which is being put back into the highway trust fund. But that is replacing money that came out of the highway trust fund which went into the general trust fund. In one fell swoop, $8 billion went out of the general fund. These are raids on the highway trust fund.  I believe this is a moral issue. If a State pays the money, they anticipate that money being paid because they use their roads. It is going to go into road maintenance and road construction and bridge construction.  Our State of Oklahoma is still number 50 in condition of bridges. There is a lot to be done all around the country. There will be some people who do not like this bill for reasons having nothing to do with formula. But you can always take a formula and pick it apart and make it sound unfair. This is not unfair. This is a fair way to approach it. I believe it is real equity.  As I say, we are now calculating this. The States that went from a donee status to a donor status are a very small amount. But it is closing that disparity between the donee and donor States. This is precisely what we have been trying to do.  If the Senator from Nevada and the Senator from Vermont were talking about job values in this bill--look at any State and you can see the job opportunities. There is not one piece of legislation we are going to be dealing with during this entire year which is going to have the effect on jobs this is going to have. Pick out any State. You can see the total amount of new jobs. It is close to 3 million jobs--and job opportunities. We have a jobs chart, and then we have a jobs opportunity chart. We know there will be construction jobs. We know that is going to happen. But keep in mind every time you hire someone to do more construction, that person is also going to go out and buy more goods and services. They will have to manufacture more, and that is going to employ more people. We have calculated that. That is a very accurate figure.  I know there are a lot of Members who are going to be opposing this because they may not like some of the freight provisions. Perhaps their States are not treated in a way that other States are treated because they do not happen to be a poor city or they do not happen to be a terminal city. Nonetheless, I think Senator Reid made a good statement when he said this is not just one State but it is the United States of America.  Again, on the particular State of Arizona, that is a 40-percent increase, which I think is very fair. In fact, that is a greater increase than the average increase States have.  Let me say to the Senator from North Dakota that he has been very kind in working into our schedule at times when we were not working on the highway bill. I do appreciate it very much.  