President, while we are waiting for people to come with their amendments, I will make a few comments relative to statements that were made on the Senate floor yesterday concerning the bill.  Comments were made by one Senator who said he would just suggest that we swap formulas between Oklahoma and Arizona. That was the senior Senator from Arizona, a very distinguished Senator. I only say that Arizona and Oklahoma and all other 48 States have exactly the same formula. You don't have to swap formulas. They are the same.  I also suggest in the case of Arizona, it gets more money than Oklahoma does under this bill--by about $60 million. So if a swap were taking place, I think I would go along with that.  I am concerned a little about the statements made that more States will become donor States. That is true under this bill. Right now, the disparity between donor and donee is far greater than it will be after this bill is passed. So if you have a State that goes from a $1.01 down to 99 cents, that is a small amount, but because it goes below the threshold of a dollar, then it is now in donor status. So the way we try to accomplish this is, if you take the average, the average donor State increased by 4 cents; the average donee State decreased by 4 cents. I don't see that anything could be more fair than that.  Third, I think if you look at the individuals who were driving this legislation 6 years ago--TEA-21--you found that there were some parts of the State that were perhaps treated better than other parts. Certainly, we had three of the most powerful people from the northeastern seaboard--Senators Moynihan, Congressman Shuster, and Senator Chafee. When you look at the amounts that they, under TEA-21, achieved, New York was $1.25; Pennsylvania, $1.21; Rhode Island, $1.26; and Oklahoma, 90.5 cents, which was the minimum. A critic of this bill said we should do what we did 6 years ago and immediately go to 90.5 cents as a floor instead of waiting until the sixth year.  The problem with that is there is not enough money. And if we did that, that would have to come out of the donee State. The other problem is we are actually much more ambitious in this bill in reaching that point.  If you look at this State by State--and several times on this Senate floor we have been challenged by Members from States who felt their State was not getting a fair shake--keep in mind that every State is going to increase by at least 10 percent under this bill, and every State is going to have a donor status of nothing less than 95 percent at the conclusion of this bill, at the sixth year.  