 First of all, I recognize we are not objecting to a rollcall vote like some have been doing all week long.  I make a couple of comments about this because it has been inadvertently misrepresented. Let me talk a little bit about the States of Texas and Arizona. We have talked about this before. Arizona has a 40 percent growth rate, dramatically greater than the average, which is 35.6 percent. Arizona is comparable to Oklahoma in many ways. But Arizona actually gets $40 million more than my State of Oklahoma.  If we average that amount over TEA-21, it averaged $463 million. It goes up to $800 million at the end of this time and it reaches the donor status that is desired. In the State of Texas, the average over the 6-year period of TEA-21 was $2.1 million. It is the third highest growth rate in the Nation. It is the second highest amount of money, second only to California. It is part of the formula.  Let me say something about the formula. Everyone is deriding this formula. We went through the same thing 6 years ago. They did not like the formula because everyone wants to get something more than perhaps they are entitled to under any formula. That is human nature. We made a commitment, working on this formula for over a year, that we would stay with the formula. I am talking about a bipartisan bill, Democrats and Republicans on our committee.  When we looked at the factors--this is not just some States: let's see the big States and the little States and things like that--we covered a number of things: total lane miles on the interstate; the VMT, that is the vehicle miles traveled; the annual contributions to the highway trust fund attributed to commercial vehicles; the diesel fuel used on highways; the relative share of total cost to repair and replace deficient highway bridges--like in my State of Oklahoma, we are dead last in the Nation--weighted nonattainment and maintenance areas; rate of return of donor States, donee States, fast-growing States.  We have ceilings. We have floors. It is a very complicated formula. You don't come along at the eleventh hour and say, oh, we are going to change one thing and everyone is going to be happy because if you did that, then you are going to affect some other States in a way that is certainly not fair.  Now, let's just look at some of the arguments that have been made. The NAFTA corridor: Because of the insistence of one of the members of our committee, the junior Senator from Texas, Mr. Cornyn, we added $280 million--this goes to Texas--under the Borders Program. The IPAM Program, that has been ridiculed on the floor, is a program that takes projects that are ready for construction. These projects can start jobs immediately. You don't have to sit around and wait. That is why I am personally offended when people come along and say, well, let's have another extension. If we have another extension, none of this stuff gets done, none of the streamlining elements in this bill happen, which means we will not be able to do nearly as many roads per dollar as we can under this bill. That is why we are going to have, at the end of this thing, a 6-year bill. It is going to go to conference, and we are going to end up with a good bill. But we are not going to operate any longer on the extensions.  Now, I know there is politics involved in these things. We have tried to keep this at a minimum. If you look at TEA-21, it was dominated by the Northeastern States. You had several very important people on the committees.  Certainly, Congressman Shuster, over there from Pennsylvania--I served for 8 years with him on that House committee--and, yes, they got up to a very large amount in TEA-21: $1.21 return for every $1 they paid in.  Senator Moynihan--we all loved Senator Moynihan--he had a lot of influence on the committee. New York, as a result of that influence, I believe, got $1.25 back for every $1 they paid in.  Certainly, our beloved John Chafee from Rhode Island did his best work. They ended up with $2.16 for every $1 they paid in.  Montana--Senator Baucus was actually the ranking member of both the committee and the Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure--$2.18. Now, there are reasons for this, of course, because they do not have a lot of people paying up there. But you have to have roads. You have to get through Montana. You have to get through the Western States.  My State of Oklahoma--and I was on the committee, and I was on the conference committee--90.5 cents.  We have done a job here in really helping people out. But I want to point out the most important part of this program. Everyone who stood up and talked about this new formula has talked about how everyone is going to get a little bit more. Let's stop and think about that. That is going to cost money, isn't it? I do not think there is a person who is supporting this bill who did not first come down to the floor and complain that we are spending too much money in this bill, that $255 billion is too much--and you add the transit on there--it is too much money.  This amendment will increase the cost of this bill by $7.25 billion. If you want to increase the cost, if you want to go tell the White House, ``No, we didn't like the $255 billion so we are going to raise it up to $262.25 billion,'' go ahead and do it. I don't think you would be very well received. Themoney has to come from someplace. It is coming from IPAM. Quite frankly, I am not going to stand here and accept and support a change in the formula that increases the cost by $7.25 billion. It is totally unreasonable, and after a year we are not going to do it.  I say to the Senator, do you want me to yield for a question?  