President, I was gone during part of the discussion on this issue. I would like to reemphasize a couple points. First of all, when we talk about 40 percent or 43 percent, we are talking about over a 6-year period. Generally we are in the mindset of talking about from year to year down here, and there are people walking around thinking we are talking about a 40-percent increase. We are talking about, if you would amortize it and put it the way we normally discuss things, 6.2 percent a year. This is in infrastructure, things you see out there. I think people need to understand that.  Secondly, those of us who were in the business of putting together this bill over the last year, along with its formula and everything else that is being criticized, considered all these things. Then we went, as we should, to the Finance Committee and said: All right, how are we going to pay for this? And, yes, we can do it. I do not want to get inside the minds of Senator Grassley and Senator Baucus as to what considerations they were making during this time, but I will say this, they are the guys who are running the Finance Committee.  They have said this bill is going to be paid for. They have said the three criterion the administration sent down some time ago--that, No. 1, it would not increase gas taxes; No. 2, it would not have any fun-and-games type of bonding fixes; and, No. 3, it would not add to the deficit--is met.  There are 100 people in this Chamber, and I know there can be any number of them who are going to disagree. But I believe if we take this to the committees that have the jurisdiction, have the expertise, have the resources, have the personnel, have the staffers who can put these things together, that is the place it should be, and they have given us the assurance this bill will be paid for.  We just had a vote today. We defeated an amendment that would have increased the amount of money by $7.25 billion in this bill. In other words, the transportation portion of this, the highway portion of this, would go up from $255 billion to $262.25 billion. I think a lot of people who voted in favor of that amendment are the same ones who are talking now about the fact this is too much.  I know we have the genuine division of interpretations as to what the Finance Committee did and how this thing is really going to be paid for. But I have often said--in fact, I said to the administration that, to me, instead of coming down and saying this bill is going to have to be $50 billion less, I would think they would be better off to say: So long as the bill is paid for, does not add to the deficit, does not increase taxes, then we would support it, we would not veto it. I am hoping before this thing is over that is where we will be.  Let's keep in mind one other thing, too. We are sending a bill to conference. In conference all kinds of things happen. I had occasion to speak with the Speaker of the House at length yesterday. We understand when it gets into conference we are going to be able to look at this and take everything into consideration. At that point, we will be able to really evaluate this finance package and see where we are. There is no one out there who is going to say: I want deficit spending. I do not. That has never been my philosophy. I think the senior Senator from Oklahoma has known me well for many years, and he has heard me say for many years that we, who are fiscal conservatives, are big spenders in two particular areas: One is in national defense and the other is in infrastructure.  As I have heard different individuals such as from Arizona and Texas, I am reminded of what happened during the Thanksgiving holidays and the Christmas holidays. We are used to this in Oklahoma. I can remember someone saying: Well, I came from California. As I came across Arizona, they had such great roads. I came across Texas and everything was great. I sure could tell when I got to Oklahoma. They had lousy roads. That is what we have been plagued with for a long time. Our bridges in the State of Oklahoma are dead last of the 50 States.  This is a spending bill that is paid for. It does not increase the deficit, in the opinion of the Finance Committee. I take their word for it, and I know others may not. For that reason I know this discussion is good, but we need to move along.  We are going to be moving along. There is much more cooperation on the floor now. I have to say, this has not been a partisan fight. This has been something where there are honest philosophic disagreements.  I yield the floor.  