President, I am so pleased that I have a chance a say a few good words about my colleague, Don Nickles. It is hard to talk about Don Nickles. I remember him when he was in the State senate. I believe Don Nickles at that time was the president of the College Republicans in Oklahoma. I remember going to Ponca City and giving a speech at his invitation. Afterwards, he showed just an incredible interest in politics. This was back in the 1970s. He ran for State senate. I believe it was in 1978. And he won.  Midway through that term, in 1980, a seat opened and he decided he was going to run for the U.S. Senate. Everybody laughed. Who is this kid, anyway? He was about 30 years old. He still looks like he is about 35 years old. At that time he looked like he was about 18 years old.  He ran and defeated some of the real heavyweights in the State. Then he came and served in the Senate.  I understand that in those early years they wouldn't let him ride the Members' elevators because they didn't believe he was a Member. They thought he was a page.  Nonetheless, Don Nickles started proving himself. I watched him mature in this job. As the years went by, every time a 6-year period ended, he would talk about dropping out. But we talked him into running.  Finally, he decided he needed to do something else with his life and do what is in the best interests of his family.  But he grew with the ability to offer expertise that I haven't seen in the Senate since I have been here, and I have been here for 10 years. I have watched Don Nickles as he matured, as he gained knowledge in areas and expertise in not just one isolated area but in all areas. When he stands up to talk, everybody is quiet. They want to listen to him because they know he knows what he is talking about.  I can recall when Elizabeth Dole was first elected. We were making a tribute to Don Nickles about 3 months after she was here. She said: I have watched him talk about the budget. I have watched him talk about how you finance Government. I have watched him go through all these very difficult things, and I have been here 3 months and I have to confess I don't even know what he is talking about. I said: Elizabeth, don't feel bad. I have been here 10 years and I still don't know what he is talking about.  Don Nickles developed that level of expertise that other people do not. It is because he studies. He works.  He is going to be sorely missed by a lot of people around here because of what he had to offer and because of the contributions he has made.  I am 15 years older than Don Nickles. I have been his junior Senator. I guess it is now time I become senior Senator.  I will miss his expertise, his charm, his humor, and most of all I will miss him because he is my brother. I will miss him dearly. Don, it is going to be goodbye to you but hang around. We look forward to working with you and accepting your advice because I know it will be there when we need it.  