President, I thank the minority leader for the excellent statement. We have a new chart on job opportunities which talks about the cumulative effect when a job is offered--say a construction job on a bridge or highway--and what that does to the rest of the economy. It is about 2.8 million jobs as opposed to some of the figures we have been using, one-fourth of that number. It is very significant.  The Senator from Ohio gave an excellent statement also. The State of Ohio, in terms of new job opportunities, is No. 5 in the Nation under this bill. The Senator has done an excellent job. I am sure the people of Ohio are very appreciative of the job opportunities that will be there as a result of the legislation we hope to pass in the next few days.  The Senator from Ohio, who has vast experience in clean air, was a breath of fresh air when he came in, someone who really has the answers. He was the chairman of the Clean Air Committee of the National Association of Governors. His expertise is very much appreciated.  Senator Jeffords and others have already mentioned the difficulties in putting together a formula, considering the fast-growing States, with a ceiling there. We have some of the small States, such as that of the Presiding Officer, in terms of population, which have to be considered because even though it is a small population there are a lot of roads that have to be cared for. Taking into consideration all of these considerations was not easy.  However, when we compare what we have done with what has been done in the past, I am very proud of it. The equity bonus program replaces the minimum guarantees.  Now, I have been criticized for the way I simplify my explanation of minimum guarantees, but it is pretty accurate; that is, we took a percentage of the total amount of money and gave it to each State until we got 60 votes, not caring too much what happened after that. We took into consideration all the issues we have been talking about.  The bill does four things, essentially. It takes care of the donor States. I have been part of a donor State for as long as I can remember, certainly as long as I have been in the Senate. We were down below 80 percent, and as mentioned by the Senator from Ohio, ISTEA, then TEA-21, and now with this bill, we are up to 95 percent.  Streamlining provisions is very important. It is important we have money to spend on road construction, but also we can get the maximum out of the dollars we do spend. We go a long way to making this a reality.  The third major area is that of safety. We have talked about the number of deaths on the highways. It has to be addressed. That is why we named this SAFETEA, with many safety provisions, at the same time allowing the States to come, recognizing they know more about their States than we do in Washington.  And lastly, the area of freight movement.  With that, it is my desire throughout the day today when there are not speakers to be heard on the highway bill to go through this, section by section, and see specifically how these things are handled.  If any Members who come to the floor want to be heard on the highway bill, I will suspend. Of course, we will break in 20 minutes for our policy luncheon.  I start with section 1101, the authorization of appropriations. We are talking about $255 billion in contract authority over the next 6 years. This was difficult to come up with. At the same time, we have $56.5 billion contract authority in transit, for a total of $311 billion, considerably more than the Budget Committee originally came up with, considerably more than in the President's budget.  And we have received, only yesterday, the President's budget message. I think, however--and I did talk to the President yesterday--when he realizes fully the great work the Finance Committee did--the fact that we now have the offsets necessary to do this without increasing the deficit--the President is going to be more supportive than he has been in the past.  So this represents an overall increase of 31 percent over TEA-21. The link between a robust economy and a strong transportation infrastructure is undeniable. The movement of people and goods is one of the foremost indicators of a growing economy and job creation.  The President recommended a funding level of $200 billion for reauthorization. Given the critical infrastructure and safety needs of the program, we thought it imperative to authorize a higher level of funding for the coming 6 years.  I recall a study that was made--and I do not have the exact figures, but the amount of money even that we are suggesting right now merely maintains where we are today. It was discussed by the minority leader that we have a bridge crisis, and I was wanting to interrupt him to say that my State has the distinction of having the largest percentage of functionally obsolete bridges. We are hoping to correct that with this bill.  On the other end of the spectrum, the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee has introduced a bill funding highways and transit at $375 billion, which is considerably over our $311 billion. However, achieving this astronomical figure would require raising gas taxes by 13.5 cents per gallon during the next 6 years, in addition to utilizing a number of other costly new financing measures.  The vote before you today recognizes the realities of available revenues without the need for increasing gas taxes, and, I might add, or increasing the deficit. It is designed to make the most of every available dollar to produce better and safer roads by creating thousands of new jobs every year and stimulating the national economy.  In that regard, the Department of Transportation estimates that every $1 billion of Federal transportation funds translates into 47,500 jobs. By the way, that is not a fictitious number. We have had several studies that were done. We realize it is accurate. However, when you say new job opportunities, it is about four times that. If someone takes a construction job, that person is buying more goods and services, and that means manufacturing is going to go up and there are going to be many other jobs. So this figure is a very conservative figure.  We estimate that the SAFETEA will increase the size of the job market by 700,000 but create over 2 million new employment opportunities. I think that is what we need to be talking about.  Section 1102 is an obligation ceiling. The principle that was used to develop obligation limitations was to minimize the gap between the OBLIM or obligation limitations in contract authority levels. This empowers the States to utilize as much available contract authority as possible while still providing them maximum flexibility.  We were able to achieve a total obligation limitation of $238 billion. This is what was recommended in the Reid-Bond amendment that carried this Chamber with 79 votes. This is consistent with that amendment to the budget resolution. So there was a lot of hard work from the Finance Committee and the leadership of Chairman Grassley and Ranking Member Baucus, and I thank them for the great work they did.  Section 1103 is the apportionment section. In addition to the overall increases experienced by all programs, the bill makes important changes to the apportionment of a few specific programs. Under TEA-21, the administrative expenses of the Federal Highway Administration were funded as a takedown from the various core programs. This bill recognizes the separate importance of costs associated with the administration of the overall highway program. Therefore, the bill funds Federal highway administrative expenses as its own separate apportionment protecting the authority of the individual core programs or the autonomy of the individual core programs and the administrative fund itself.  Of the amount designated for program administration, the Secretary of Transportation is also given the authority to transfer an appropriate amount for the administrative expenses of the Appalachian Highway Development System.  As a result of the 2000 census, 46 new metropolitan planning organizations or MPOs have been established throughout the country and are now eligiblefor Federal transportation planning funding.  We have devoted a lot of time and a lot of attention in this bill to planning as well as to assisting States in doing what they do best, also, which we will get to in a later section. To respond to this expanded need, we have increased the program set-aside for MPOs from 1 percent under ISTEA to 1.5 percent, along with the overall increase in program funds which will help to address the growing transportation planning needs.  TEA-21 used a minimum guarantee. I have been talking about this, and that really constituted a percentage. And it is just not the way this should be done. We wanted it in our formulas, and we wanted it in an attempt to get our donor States up to 90.5 percent. We used a minimum guarantee calculation to guarantee that States received back at least 90.5 percent--that is what they did in TEA-21--90.5 percent of their percentage contribution to the highway trust fund.  The Minimum Guarantee Program was driven by the political distribution known as the 1104 table. I will not go into that because this is somewhat redundant. We have talked about this in the past. It was purely politically driven.  To contrast that, the new Equity Bonus Program does away with the table in TEA-21 which determined each State's percentage share of the total highway fund, the political table to which I have been referring. Rather than have a State's return be set by a politically driven table, the Equity Bonus Program determines each State's return by first relying on the program distribution formulas. The equity bonus calculation identifies a justifiable nexus in equity between the underlying formulas and responsible balanced growth for donor and donee States alike.  If a State fails to reach the minimum return in any year based on the formulas, that State would receive an equity bonus award in addition to their formula. It should bring them up to the required level. I cannot think of a better and more equitable way of doing this.  While we allow the formulas to work under the new Equity Bonus Program, we also recognized that there would be some inequities if we allowed the formulas to be the sole factor in distributing dollars to the States. In order to increase the minimum rate of return for donor States, while ensuring an equitable transition for donee States, rates of return are subject to an annual growth ceiling to smooth out the phase-in of the increased minimum returns.  This accomplishes two goals: It keeps the cost of the Equity Bonus Program affordable; secondly, it ensures that donee States are still able to grow so that there are no States with growth less than 10 percent in dollars. I repeat that. Of all 50 States, every State gets at least an increase of 10 percent.  Now, I have heard from a lot of the people whose State falls into the different categories. One is the category of a fast-growing State, and, obviously, they would prefer that the ceilings not be there so they would bump into them. But if you do not do that, then you would hear equally from some of the older States, such as New York and Pennsylvania, that would have to pay the price if we did not have some type of a ceiling.  For donor States, the effect of the growth ceiling is that a State with a rate of return above 90.5 percent in 2003 will reach a 95 percent return sooner than a State that received only a 90.5 percent return, or below, in 2003. The closer a State was to 95 percent in 2003, the sooner it will reach 95 percent.  Conversely, those States at 90.5 percent in 2003, such as my State of Oklahoma, would likely take longer to reach 95 percent. The time it takes a State to reach 95 percent depends on how much equity bonus funding the State receives and how much faster than the national average that State is increasing its contributions to the highway trust fund. That is taken into consideration as a part of this formula.  Recognizing that States with a lower tax basis due to low population, such as the State of Wyoming and others, or low income face an added challenge of maintaining the transportation infrastructure, the bill sets their TEA-21 rate of return as a minimum for future years.  Section 1105 is the revenue aligned budget authority, or RABA, as we have referred to it. The huge 2003 negative adjustment in the revenue aligned budget authority made it clear that some changes were needed in the RABA calculation in order to provide greater stability and more accurate predictions and less fluctuation in coming years. This is true. The States can get so much more for their dollars if they can predict into the future how they are going to use those dollars and what those dollars are going to amount to.  As I have indicated before, I believe the underlying principle of RABA is an important fiscal policy that highway expenditures should be tied to highway trust fund revenues.  The bill modifies the RABA calculations so that annual funding level adjustments are less dependent on future anticipated receipts and more dependent upon actual receipts to the highway trust fund. If the RABA adjustment in any fiscal year is negative, the amount of contract authority apportioned to the State for that year will be reduced by an amount equal to the negative RABA. However, if the balance of the highway trust fund is greater than $6 billion, then there will be no negative RABA adjustments.  Section 1201 is the infrastructure performance and maintenance program, or IPAM. There is a lot of interest in this program, obviously. The IPAM program is intended for ready-to-go projects that States can undertake and complete within a relatively short timeframe. As a result, States are given 6 months to obligate IPAM funds. We designed this discretionary program to promote projects that resulted in immediate benefits for the highway system's condition and performance while avoiding long-term commitments of funds. The program also provides further economic stimulus to the economy and provides a way to aid in spending down balances in the highway trust fund.  That is very important right now. We are very sensitive to the somewhat job crisis. We have seen our economy on its way up again. However, there is a lag between economic recovery and the jobs. IPAM is going to give more construction sooner, provide more jobs and more jobs sooner. Then, of course, when you put the new job opportunities factor to that, that is going to be very meaningful to job recovery in America.  The States may obligate funds for projects eligible under Interstate Maintenance, National Highway System, Surface Transportation System, Highway Safety Improvements Program, Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Improvement, or CMAC, and the Highway Bridge Program. Eligible projects under IPAM include the preservation, maintenance, or improvement of existing highway infrastructure and operational improvements to address recurring highway congestion.  Section 1202 is the future of the surface transportation system title. In order to be prepared for future reauthorizations of this legislation, we require the Secretary of Transportation to perform a long-term investigation into the surface transportation infrastructure needs of the Nation.  Specifically, the bill directs the Secretary to look at: the current condition and performance of the interstate system; the future of the interstate system in 15 years or 30 years or 50 years; expected demographics and business uses that impact the surface transportation system; the effect of changing vehicle types, modes of transportation, traffic volumes, and fleet size and weights--we have seen such a dramatic change in the types of vehicles that we drive that we never could have anticipated back when we were putting together ISTEA or one of the previous programs--possible design changes; rural, urban, interregional, and national needs; improvements in emergency preparedness; real-time performance data collection; and future funding needs and potential approaches to collect those funds.  What we are saying is, we are trying to prepare for the future. It is important what we do for the next 6 years, as we go through this reauthorization. I think we have done a good job with that. But things will happen 6 years from now that we cannot anticipate.That is what the Secretary of Transportation will be looking at and coming back with, so we will be able to anticipate some of the things we will be looking at 6 years from now.  A very important section is 1203. That is the freight transportation gateways, freight intermodal connections. Freight movement in America is expected to grow dramatically in volume and value over the coming decades. Throughout the reauthorization hearings, the Environment and Public Works Committee heard concerns about inadequate freight facilities, insufficient capacity, and insufficient connections.  The GAO recently released a report, dated October 2003, a little over a month ago, regarding freight transportation, recommending strategies needed to address planning and financing limitations. The report noted that the major challenges to freight mobility all shared a common theme--congestion, including overcrowded highways, freight specific check points.  Additionally, the GAO reported two main limitations that stakeholders encounter in addressing these challenges. The first related to the limited visibility that freight projects receive in the planning and prioritization process. S. 1072 directly addresses this problem by creating a freight transportation coordinator at the State level to facilitate public and private collaboration in developing solutions to freight transportation and freight gateway problems. This is one more area where we will have an increased emphasis on States.  The bill also ensures that intermodal freight transportation needs are integrated into project development and planning processes. The second limitation that the GAO found was inhibiting stakeholders was that Federal funding programs tend to dedicate funds to a single mode of transportation or nonfreight purpose, thus limiting freight project eligibility among some programs. S. 1072 deals with this problem as well as making intermodal projects eligible for STP and NHS funding.  The Freight Gateways program found in this bill promotes intermodal improvements for freight movement through significant trade gateways, ports and hubs, and intermodal connections to the national highway system. States and localities are encouraged to adopt new financing strategies to leverage State, local, and private investments in freight transportation gateways, thus maximizing the impact of each Federal dollar.  The Freight Gateways program is funded from a set-aside of 2 percent of each State's NHS apportionment. However, in the spirit of State flexibility and ensuring that funds go to the areas of greatest need, a State is not required to spend the 2 percent of their NHS apportionment if they can certify to the Secretary that their intermodal connections are adequate. I think this is a recognition that the States do know more about their needs than the Federal Government. That is one of the trends of this.  I know we are ready to recess. I yield to my colleague Senator Jeffords for the remainder of the time.  