President, a lot of things have been said about the condition of the soldiers in Iraq and about their attitudes. I can tell you that I don't think there is any Member of this body who has spent more time in Iraq and Afghanistan than I have. I hear statements of individuals. They are proud of the mission. They are proud of what they are doing. They have a spirit I have never seen before.  I would like to quote Secretary Brownlee. He said:       Some in this country have charged that the situation in      Iraq is getting progressively worse. You who have been there      know the truth, and so do the people of Iraq. Things are      getting better, not worse. Though the insurgents have caused      immense pain and suffering and delayed reconstruction efforts      in some parts of Iraq, most Iraqis are looking at the future      with hope, hope they lacked under the former regime.  These successes constitute significant milestones of which the people of our Nation should be proud and hopeful. But the fight is by no means over to ensure that Afghanistan and Iraq attain stability and success and the transition into the democracies is very key.  I think we have seen this with the election in Afghanistan. I personally was there when officials turned over to the Iraqis the training of the Iraqi National Army. I see the successes over there. The media has not done a good job and I feel they need to spend more time congratulating and talking about the great job we are doing.  As Mr. Brownlee said, the Army is decisively engaged in fighting terrorism. But our soldiers are also building alliances, training other militaries with tenets of democracy and civilian control, executing counter drug operations and providing disaster relief and humanitarian assistance. These missions are equally important to our national security. They help to increase mobile stability to prevent the development of serious crises and to demonstrate the goodwill of the American people.  In light of the potential for terrorism to spread, the Army remains committed to participate. That is exactly what they are doing.  I just got back from eight countries in Africa. There is a concern there. There is terrorism. As the squeeze comes in, terrorism is now infiltrating into the continent of Africa, and we are in the process of doing something with four brigades or five African brigades. So we will have them trained to face this when that time comes.  I see other Senators waiting.  I yield the floor.  