We are now in a position where they can actually offer their amendments. We had quite a few Members who worked over the weekend, who also had their staff working. They brought amendments down, and I thank all of those Members.  We visited with them. As the managers, we accepted some. I think now we are at the point where we do encourage our Members to bring their amendments. While we are in this stage right now, let me share a couple of points that I think are very significant.  There has been a lot of discussion that the formulas are unfair to some States. I suggest that in almost every case where there is a donee State that becomes a donor State, it is by a very small amount. On the average, the disparity between donee and donor is far less.  In approaching this, we actually took the average donor and put 4 cents on it and then from the donee took 4 cents off. I think it is a very fair way of doing it. But when people talk about the formulas, let's keep in mind the formulas are real. They have not been real in the past. They were not real in TEA-21. They tried to do it but they ended up with a minimum guarantee, which is a political document.  The formulas include such things as total lane miles on the interstate, on principal arterial routes; vehicle miles traveled; annual contributions to the highway trust fund attributed to commercial vehicles; diesel fuel used on highways; relative share of total cost to repair or replace deficient highway bridges. That is one I am particularly interested in since, as I have said many times, my State of Oklahoma is dead last in terms of the conditions of bridges; weighted nonattainment and maintenance areas; rate of return of donor States. All of those are in the formula.  This is the first time, since we started this process--at least since I have been here in 1991 when ISTEA came out--that we actually are using the formula and staying with it. It has not been easy, because people who do not like the way their State was treated come down and say all kinds of detrimental things about the formula, about our motives, about the bill in general.  The bottom line is, we have been honest with the Senate and honest with all of the States.  I do not think it will shock anyone to hear that there were political considerations in the past. We know that from the other body. The House Member from Pennsylvania was always very aggressive in getting the most he could for his State. I think a lot of them are like that, and we have corrected a lot of those.  I would say this: Of all of the ones who are the big players in TEA-21, and that was 1998, there was Senator Moynihan, whom we loved so much. His State was 1.25. We had Pennsylvania, which was Congressman Shuster, 1.21; Rhode Island, of course, Chairman Chafee, 2.17; the Senator from Montana was not only the ranking on the committee but also on the subcommittee, 2.18. At the same time all of that happened, my State was .9050, so we are way down there.  With SAFETEA, our percentages really do not change that much. We do ultimately bring everybody up to 95 percent and that is what this will do. Some are dissatisfied because they do not get up to 95 percent until the sixth year. It is unfortunate we could not come up with any other way, but it would cost so much money that if we did that, the ones who would be paying for it would be the donee States, and that would not be fair to them.  So I feel very good about where we are today. I think we have a fair bill. Very few people in this Chamber know the hours, the months, and the years that have been involved in this bill. Certainly the managers of the bill do because we have been working on this bill for such a long period of time.  Now that we have cloture filed, after it expires, it is our intention to go ahead and have a vote on cloture and get the bill completed. I believe it can be done this week.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  