His expertise is well known in this Chamber, and he has been on the opposite side of me probably more than on my side. I like it this way better.  I would like to amplify a couple things Senator Reid talked about. I think it is significant, when you talk about where we are now relative to where we were in TEA-21, the last 6-year reauthorization. Our average is 35.6 percent higher. The average State is higher than it was in TEA-21.  In the comments he made about a computer run, I know this is kind of complicated to explain to people because it is the only way I think you can come up with something that is very fair. Prior to this, in previous years under TEA-21, we had the 1104 table which was a minimum guarantee. That was a percentage that each State had that was a percentage of the total growth. It was purely politically driven.  I don't like the way some of these things come out of the computer. But when this came out, I agreed with Senator Reid, there is not a better way of doing it. I will give an example. I was talking to one of the Senators from Pennsylvania who was complaining about perhaps not getting the share they should have gotten. So I did a comparison.  My State of Oklahoma--I hope no one from Oklahoma is listening right now--is 70,000 square miles. Pennsylvania is 46,000 square miles. My State of Oklahoma has a population of 3.5 million. They have 12.2 million. The historic rate of return since we came in to the first bill, through Senator Moynihan, has been .87 percent. Pennsylvania has been 1.16 percent. This is the key: the total miles. Unfortunately, I don't have this less toll roads, but I will explain the difference.  If you take the total amount of miles in my State of Oklahoma, it is 112,000 miles. The total number of miles in Pennsylvania is 119,500 miles, but that includes toll roads. We all know Pennsylvania has a lot of toll roads. So when you take them out, I am quite sure the number of miles we refer to in this legislation would be more than Pennsylvania. And yet if you look back historically, in 1998, Oklahoma received $351 million; Pennsylvania $1.16 billion. In 1999, Oklahoma received $413 million; $1.3 billion for Pennsylvania. It goes on consistent with that.  What I am saying is, even under the formula we are looking at right now, Pennsylvania is getting back about three times the amount. Again, there are other factors. I am sure we will be talking about those from State to State. But it shows it is very difficult to come up with something that is fair. There is not one State that will not be able to go back to their people and say how well their State is doing under this.  I don't sound like a conservative Republican when I am talking this way, but this is one area where conservatives believe Government has a function, a strong role, and that is to build infrastructure. We have not been doing a good job of it. I know this because I spent 8 years in the other body. During that time, I was on the committee called Public Works and Transportation. It is strictly transportation, not like EPW, which is environment, all the regulatory agencies, and transportation. So it is just about half the jurisdiction. But during that time, we watched what was going on, and I was right on top of it.  When I came over to this body in 1994, I became chairman of the Clean Air Subcommittee. I kind of left the transportation part. When we came back and I became chairman of the Transportation Infrastructure Subcommittee, all of a sudden I realized what had happened in the 4 years I had been detached from transportation.  When you talk about the number of vehicles that are traveling, the number of trucks, the number of congestive stops, where you have to sit and idle your engine--we are handling all of these things in this bill. I think during that 4-year period we did a bad job. We didn't do what we should have done. Quite frankly, in 1998, I wasn't real happy that we weren't really meeting the problem. A computer run is tough. You have to consider that some States are fast growing States, such as Nevada, big States such as California, Florida, Texas, and some of them would be complaining that they are not doing too well. It is because you have to have a ceiling, a growth ceiling. If you have a growth ceiling and they are getting back an inordinate amount of money, it bumps into that ceiling. At the same time, you have donor and donee States. If you take Texas and Pennsylvania, both of which might argue they are not treated fairly, if you make a change in one, it is making an adverse change in the other. I think we have to say we have done a good job when you look at this.  One thing I think is important to talk about is the public views. I think the general feeling is that we spend too much money in Washington, and I think we do. But when it comes to their views on transportation investment, it is totally different. In January, last month of this year, Zogby International conducted interviews of a thousand likely voters chosen at random nationwide. That is a pretty big sampling, as those of us know who read these polls. It is about twice the size of the average poll.  Eighty-seven percent of those interviewed said the Nation's highway and public transit network is very important to the Nation's economy; 83 percent agreed that President Bush and Congress should do more to help create jobs for those Americans who want to work, even though the latest Government statistics suggest that the U.S. economy is rebounding; 69 percent favored boosting Federal spending on transportation projects during 2004, and that is significant--69 percent of the Americans favor boosting the amount of money of Federal spending on transportation projects during 2004 as part of the transportation or jobs creation initiative, as well as part of the transportation needs and infrastructure needs. I think that is very significant. According to the same pollster, that is how nearly 70 percent of American voters responded.  In a survey they conducted a year before, they said they believe America is facing a transportation capacity crisis. That is what I was saying we were observing a year ago--that our Nation's roads, airports, and mass transit systems are struggling to handle a growing population economy. Fifty-six percent overall, and 79 percent of young women with children, said traffic congestion is depriving them of more time with their families or for leisure activities than it did just 5 years ago. That is significant.  These are social problems that exist because we are not doing an adequate job. These answers should not surprise anyone. It says that, since 1982, the U.S. population has grown almost 19 percent, the number of registered motor vehicles has increased by 36 percent, and vehicle miles traveled has ballooned 72 percent. Surprise, over the past 20 years, we have added less than 5 percent to road capacity and even less than that to public transit. So we added even 5 percent less to road capacity in spite of the fact that the population has grown 19 percent and themotor vehicles have increased by 36 percent.  Just take that as one statement, one statistic, and that justifies everything we are doing in trying to beef this up. It proves that what we are doing now is inadequate, but it is the best we can do under the circumstances.  Forty-eight percent of those surveyed by Zogby described the condition of the roads in their local communities as either fair or poor. That was the assessment of 75 percent of Hispanic Americans.  The survey polled a random sample of a thousand likely voters nationwide--the margin of error is plus or minus 3 percent--and highways and public transit are consistently important to Americans. They said in a commentary accompanying the survey that highway safety and efficient public transit are also high priorities. Overcrowded roads are not only a concern for commuters but also for Americans who are nervous about another terrorist attack.  Other key findings: 80 percent think the Nation's highways and public transit network is extremely important or very important to the U.S. economy. The fact is, I commented in my opening remarks that this is by far the biggest jobs bill that we can be considering at any time. That is what 80 percent of Americans say.  Nearly 8 in 10 also agree that an investment in highways, bridges, and public transit should be considered an important element in homeland security and national defense. We know this administration is very concerned about national security and homeland defense. I am glad they are. We are overdue in addressing these issues. The people agree with that, also.  Nearly 90 percent feel it is important that their representatives in Congress fight to ensure sufficient Federal funding for transportation improvement projects in their local areas. That is interesting because this is at a time when people are complaining about the amount of money we are spending.  Two-thirds of Americans say roads and public transit systems play a highly important role in their everyday lives. We are concerned about congestion. I am in my State of Oklahoma. I am sure it is the same problem in North Carolina and virtually in every State.  One of the foremost authorities in putting together, consolidating the concerns has been the Texas Transport International; that is the Texas Aggies' group that put together something that they conduct annually--not just in Texas but throughout the country--as to what we are going to do about congestion. They said, less than a year ago, that 59 percent of the Nation's roadways today are experiencing significant traffic congestion compared to only 34 percent in 1982.  Fully two-thirds of the major roads in the 75 U.S. urban areas are congested during peak travel periods, compared to only one-third in 1982. That is double. Both figures will increase without additional investment. The average number of hours per day with congestion that might be encountered on urban roads has risen from 4.5 hours in 1982 to about 7 hours in 2001.  The average annual delays per peak road traveled in 75 urban areas is 60 hours. That is significant because, when you have delays, you are also talking about pollution and about leaving cars running and trucks running, polluting the air, using up the fuel. We have an energy crisis in this country to start with.  Traffic congestion is now responsible for 5.7 billion gallons of wasted motor fuel. The total cost of traffic congestion to the U.S. economy and lost productivity and wasted motor fuel in 2001 was almost $69.5 billion, or putting it down so we understand it, that is $528 per person. I think sometimes we throw around figures of billions and trillions and it is difficult to understand, certainly, for people who are not spending this much time studying these things in Washington. That $69 billion equals $528 per person.  Shortly, I am going to talk about some of the other areas of the bill specifically, section by section. At this point, I will yield the floor because I understand the senior Senator from Texas has comments she would like to make.  