Everyone is talking about this, and the subliminal picture that is trying to be painted here is that somehow this President may have not known something he should have known or knew something and he didn't act appropriately.  Let us remember what David Kay said. He said, when he came in, we all thought there were weapons of mass destruction. We acted accordingly. And, quite frankly, I contend there were weapons of mass destruction. I asked him that question. I don't think either one of the two Senators in the Chamber--I am about to finish my question--were at that hearing.  I asked him this question: I said, If in January, 13 months ago, they found 11 chemical rockets with a capacity of a warhead of 140 liters, and they had enough VX on hand to do that, and that one chemical rocket with 140 liters of VX could kill a million people, and subsequent to that, 3 months later, they found 36 more--that is 47 weapons of mass destruction that were found--I asked him: Aren't they truly weapons of mass destruction? He said: Well, yes, if they put the chemicals in the warheads.  The other thing people keep talking about, What did they know or what did they not know about a connection between Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden. That should have been put to rest about a month ago when there was a leak to the Weekly Standard. They specifically drew that connection and said, yes, in fact, there is a connection. In fact, two of the passports of the pilots were gotten by Saddam Hussein and his people.  Just this morning in the New York Times there is an article stating the connection is there. This is the New York Times, not a Republican operation. It says: ``Found, Smoking Gun.'' That is the name of this article.  We are enjoying this very much, but the political season is on us. I hope we will keep cool heads and do the best we can to improve our intelligence.  Right after September 11 we had the bicameral commission look at this. We came a long way. I ask the assistant leader if that is not correct.  