President.  First of all, let me address some of the things that have been talked about today. We have had a drawdown in the military, starting with the Cold War. When it was over, all of us heard so many people say the Cold War is over, we have no need to have the strength we had before. Then after the 1991 gulf war, the drawdown continued. The Army is on the right track right now to regain the manpower they lost during that drawdown. I agree with the Senator from Rhode Island, who has been concerned about the end strength. I have joined him in that, and feel the same way.  But I agree the drawdown in force that took place at the end of the Cold War went too far. We cut 365,000 troops, too many for the force we had. We should have stayed with the original number provided by General Powell during the first Bush administration.  During the Clinton administration, we took a procurement holiday that cost us dearly. Budgets were woefully inadequate to sustain our force. Readiness suffered. The euphoria was around the fact that ``the Cold War is over,'' we no longer need this much military. We found out we were wrong. From fiscal year 1994 to 2001, we did not keep up with inflation. Defense spending lost $430.2 billion in constant 2002 dollars. This was an average of $53.8 billion a year. We are talking about a loss of that amount. The deterioration would have been $53.2 billion greater if not for the Congress plus-up of the Clinton budget from fiscal year 1996 onward.  The Republicans gained control of both the House and the Senate in 1994. To turn this positive from fiscal year 1996 onward, it would have been $58.1 billion or $9.7 billion a year average.  The Democratic Congress had even reduced the Clinton request from 1994 to 1996 by $4.8 billion, or $2.4 billion a year average, and reduced the last fiscal 1993 year Bush budget request by a whopping $8.1 billion.  The Republican Congress was able to flatten this trend by fiscal year 1997 and turn the trend upward from fiscal year 1999 to fiscal year 2004 but never recovered the shortfall.  When George W. Bush took office, the military readiness was in decline. We had not made the proper investment in modernization, readiness, and standard of living for our soldiers.  I know it is true. I chaired the readiness subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services Committee during that timeframe. We desperately needed to reorganize the military to cope with this post-world war era.  Just short of 9 months after taking office, George W. Bush was faced with 9/11. He was faced with mobilizing the military to protect the United States in a new kind of war, a new kind of war we never experienced before, one not properly dealt with by previous administrations, and one the military had not been funded to cope with.  We are now paying for that mistake. We have been playing catchup. We need to put the Army back on the right track. And General Shoomaker and Acting Secretary Brownlee have done just that. We are reorganizing the Army to retrain soldiers from skills needed in today's threatened environment to skills more appropriate to those threats.  We are adding 30,000 soldiers to the force and turning many noncombat jobs being performed by soldiers today into civilian positions.  We are stabilizing families and rotating units rather than individual soldiers through Iraq and Afghanistan.  We are accelerating equipment fielding to incorporate the latest innovations to defend against EIDs, the threat that we really didn't know about in years past.  We are committed to providing the Army with anything and everything they need, but we can't waste resources by throwing money at the problem. We have to respond to the requests of our leaders in the field. I think we have done that, and I am committed to making sure we continue to do that.  I am confident that Secretary Harvey, as has been said by so many people, will also continue to do that. I am confident he will be successful because he understands industry. Today, we need industry to give their best and as fast and as affordable as possible. It is important to have someone of Dr. Harvey's character and ability to provide the guiding hand and make this partnership between Government and industry work for the maximum benefit of our soldiers.  You have to keep in mind that is one of the serious problems we face right now. The number of defense contractors is about one-fifth of what it was 20 years ago. It is important that we have someone who understands industry, and certainly Dr. Harvey will be such a person.  We are playing catchup in the world. It is changing daily before our eyes. The Army must reorganize and modernize.  How many people in America know we are sending our troops out many times with equipment that is not as good as that of our potential adversaries? In the area of artillery, five countries make a better artillery piece than we have, including South Africa. We found out from a very courageous general back in 1998 that in fact our best strike vehicles--F-15 and F-16--are not as good as some of the SU series being sold by Russia to many of our potential adversaries in the future. We must mobilize our Guard and Reserve in ways we haven't seen since World War II to fight this world war.  We have a great team to accomplish all of that. General Shoomaker and Dr. Harvey and Les Brownlee and the brave men and women of our Army, both uniformed and civilian. What a task they have and what a team we have.  Senator Akaka and I are both veterans of the Army. We started the Army Caucus. Up to that time they had not been given the proper attention as to how we are reliant on our Army for our ability to sustain this war against terrorism.  I look forward to the confirmation of Dr. Harvey as the next Secretary of the Army, and support the Army's advice to end this war.  We want to give, I believe, 10 minutes for the Senator from South Carolina. Is there more than 10 minutes remaining at this time?  