President, I listened with great interest. I think he has some excellent points, I say to the Senator from Pennsylvania. He extensively quoted Churchill. I would like to add another quote to that:       Truth is incontrovertible. Ignorance can deride it, panic      may resent it, malice may destroy it, but there it is.  I say that because there are some things--It is only natural when the Senator from Pennsylvania is not serving on the committee that he would not be quite as familiar with the development of the formula as perhaps someone who is on the committee. So I would like to respond to a couple of points because I really believe we have a very fair formula.  First of all, the formula Congressman Shuster put together is the basis for this bill. I happened to serve in the other body in the committee under Congressman Shuster back during the development of TEA-21. During that time, of course, he was pretty notorious getting a lot for his State. I understand that. I should be more that way myself.  But I would only like to suggest--if staff would be good enough to hold this chart up--this is Pennsylvania. Over here, take 1384 in the red, that is the average amount for each year. If you took all 6 years in the TEA-21 and averaged them out, that would be the amount. That would be $1.3 billion. Then, if you watch each year as it goes up, you end up with a substantially higher amount.  Let's compare that, if we may, with California. I saw an op-ed piece by the senior Senator from California in which she was very complimentary of the way this worked. If you look, you see they end up in almost the same place as Pennsylvania does percentage wise. But it all comes in the last year. That is because they are a donor State. In order for the large donor States to be able ultimately to reach 95 percent, it has to be done in the last year. I think we all understand that.  But when you compare the two charts, I would say if she is satisfied, then the Senator from Pennsylvania should be elated.  I would like to share one other thing, too. I chair the committee. If you take the total amount of road miles that we have in Oklahoma compared to Pennsylvania, it is almost the same, when you take out the toll roads. Of course, we are not dealing with toll roads here.  With the same number of road miles, each year Pennsylvania gets 3.5 times as much as Oklahoma gets. If anyone should be complaining, using that as a criterion, I should be the one.  I think it is very important you share with your constituents some of the things that are in this bill and how well I believe Pennsylvania is treated.  The Senator from Pennsylvania talked about bridges. According to the surveys that have been taken by the Department of Transportation, Oklahoma's bridges are No. 50 in the Nation--way behind Pennsylvania. These are things that need to be corrected. Many of these things will be corrected in this bill.  So I would only say formulas are very difficult. There is no magic formula that is going to make everyone happy. I remember the formulas in TEA-21 and ISTEA, and there were complaints from many States on those. No formula is going to satisfy everyone, but I honestly believe, when I look at Pennsylvania and compare it to California or Oklahoma or some of the other States, that they are very well cared for.  With that, I yield to any questions the Senator might have.  