President, I have some remarks in conjunction with the statement of Senator Voinovich. I will yield to the Senator from Florida as soon as I make a couple of comments.  Mr. President, I rise to speak in favor of the amendment offered by my colleague from Ohio, Senate Voinovich. First, I thank him for working so hard on this very important issue. I know this issue has been controversial, and I appreciate his dedication to working out a compromise. Senate Voinovich's amendment adds much-needed reforms to a provision in current law commonly referred to as section 4(f) review.  Section 4(f) was approved by Congress as part of the Department of Transportation Act of 1966 to protect public parks, recreation areas, wildlife and waterfowl refuges, and public and private historic sites.  It is important to protect our historic treasures and environmental and recreational resources. Our Government has invested money in establishing and maintaining these resources for the public's use. We should not allow another department to turn around and diminish those investments without good reason.  Unfortunately, court decisions have led to an interpretation of ``avoid at all costs.'' In addition to adding significant time delays caused by extensive study of alternatives, this interpretation has led to some really bad public policy decisions--decisions that defy common sense.  For instance, does it make sense to spend a hundred thousand dollars to shift an alignment in order to avoid an old, abandoned, dilapidated barn? I don't think so, but it has happened. Should private citizens lose parts of their front yards to road expansion so that we can save the supposed parkland between the current road and the ditch that runs alongside it? I don't think so, but it has happened.  Those are just a couple of examples of where section 4(f) is obviously broken and desperately needs to be fixed. I am pleased that Senator Voinovich has brought us such a fix.  The State of Oklahoma DOT is pleased with this language. Our folks who actually deal with this issue on a regular basis believe this will help them make better decisions with less delay.  I think this amendment represents good policy all the way around--transportation officials will be able to make commonsense decisions, particularly when it comes to projects that will have minimal impacts, and we can all be assured that these important environmental and cultural resources are protected.  It is my understanding that this language was developed by a wide range of stakeholders, including Ohio DOT, AASHTO, the National Trust for Historic Preservation, Defenders of Wildlife, Environmental Defense and the Natural Resources Defense Council. I commend Senator Voinovich for bringing forward this section 4(f) amendment, and I am happy to add my support to it. I regret that we cannot consider his amendment today, but I assure the Senator that I will work to have his amendment adopted.  Mr. President, what my friend from Ohio is saying is what we have been saying since Monday morning.  The Senator is exactly right. I do not know how many times I have stood on this floor and said those of us who are conservatives historically have to stop and look at what is Government here for. Conservatives are generally big spenders when it comes to defense, when it comes to infrastructure. We need to defend America and we need infrastructure. Right now, I am sure there are some States that are not as sensitive as the Senator from Ohio and I are because they do not have the problems, but when we look at what this bill is doing to try to correct the problem of, just as an example, our deteriorating bridges, my State of Oklahoma ranks dead first in terms of the deteriorated condition of bridges, and I chair the committee.  We are going to have to get a bill through. There has been some recent suggestion that it be pared down a little bit. I can assure my colleagues the figure we are talking about right now is a figure that is not acceptable to those on the other side of the Capitol, and this is the only way we can get one.  I thought we were making some headway. We have all of these little procedural hurdles. We are not able to send the amendment of the Senator to the desk, but I will tell the Senator right now I am going to do what I can about it.  First, I do agree with the Senator's amendment and I know how hard he has been working on it. A lot of people do not realize this section was approved by the Congress as part of the Department of Transportation Act of 1966. It is obvious it is not working now and we need to do something about it. Certainly the Senator is as enthusiastic about protecting any of our historical sites as we are, but we need to have something that is workable.  I know there is someone else who wants to speak, but let me give the Senator my assurance, as chairman of the committee, I will do everything I can to make sure he gets his amendment in, which I support. More important than his amendment, we want to get this bill passed so we can get America back to work again.  Remember, not long ago one of the publications in the Capitol had a ``men working'' sign on it, and they put a ``not'' right in the middle: Men not working. That is exactly what is happening right now. If we play aroundwith the reductions, with the temporary extensions and all of that, we are not going to be able to get people back to work.  We have the infrastructure needs. We have the needs for jobs, and I will be there beside the Senator from Ohio doing what I can to make that a reality.  Before I yield the floor, let me ask my good friend with whom I was privileged to share this morning's chairmanship at the National Prayer Breakfast--one of the truly great moments of my life with my good friend. We are trying to stay on the highway bill. We have others who are going to be coming down. Could I inquire as to how much time the Senator from Florida would like to have?  