We are both conservatives.  He has heard me say many times when I was first elected to the other body, I got on the Transportation Committee and the reason I did it was because I always felt the conservatives were pretty big spenders in two areas. One is national defense and the other is infrastructure. That is what we are sent here for. Apparently, the most recent poll I saw shows the vast majority of the people, 69 percent, are willing to spend more money if it will be spent on highways, roads, and bridges. I see that as what we are here for.  I have to address the fact that there are a lot of amendments that have come up. I have stood here for 2 weeks trying to get people to propose amendments, to discuss their amendments. We sit down here and we talk about everything there is to talk about until now at last there is hysteria that we do not have time to bring up our amendments. There has been plenty of time.  I have to say, too, to my good friend, the junior Senator from Arizona, it is because of the senior Senator from Arizona that we have not been able to bring up the amendments because they are objecting to any motions to bring them down to vote. That means the only thing we can vote on that does not require that particular permission is a tabling motion which we have done only once because no one else has had anything else to table.  So that is the reason.  I regret that we wasted a lot of time when we were inviting people to come down. Those who were opposed to this for any number of reasons--some legitimate reasons, some not so legitimate--were the ones who were stopping us from moving forward with the bill.  First, I think as far as the cloture motion, the Senator from Arizona is exactly right. In fact, I appreciate the letter he was citing from the administration that came down today. It says: ``The Administration supports enactment of a six-year highway [bill],'' and so forth, and they are in support of the cloture motion.  So this is the administration that is in support of the cloture motion. I think if you look at the letter--and I will give you a different slant than my friend from Arizona--they have three criteria. There is nothing new about this. I saw this 2 months ago. I saw it on the 4th of this month when they sent a letter from the administration. It says these three criteria are:       [T]ransportation infrastructure spending should not rely on      an increase in the gas tax or other Federal taxes. . . .  I believe this meets that guideline.       (2) transportation infrastructure spending should not be      funded through bonding or other mechanisms that conceal the      true cost to Federal taxpayers. . . .  I agree with that. In fact, I have been the one who has rejected the suggestion of any type of a bonding that might just be deficit spending in disguise, something we are going to pay back in the future, some increased debt.  This is the big one. This is the one the Senator, with his vast knowledge, has gone through and who is in a better position to do that than I; and that is the criterion that says:       [H]ighway spending should be financed from the Highway      Trust Fund, not the General Fund of the Treasury.  Now, perhaps it is hard. There could be an honest disagreement here. If some money is going to the general fund and is being paid at the pumps by people who are paying for the gas tax, that should be going into the highway trust fund. It is user paid. We all agree with that concept.  For those of us who feel strongly about this, I can remember I was outraged back in the middle 1990s when the previous administration came through and they wanted $8 billion so they could do something other than roads, and it came out of the trust fund and went into the general fund. Frankly, this takes it back. This rectifies a problem that should not have existed in the first place and keeps us honest with the American people.  Look at the moral issue part of this. The people drive up to the pump. There is not a Senator who does not have constituents who drive up to the pump. They don't mind paying that tax--some say they would go ahead and pay more taxes--and they assume that money is going to go for the repair and construction of roads and infrastructure. In fact, that is not the case. There have been raids on that for a long period of time.  I am not going to go over the list of the Finance Committee. I talked to the chairman and the ranking member of the Finance Committee back when we were working on this bill well over a year ago. It said when we come up with what we believe is necessary to just stay even--there is one report out that says even with this spending level that does not even keep us repairing what we have today, but if this comes up, you guys in the Finance Committee are going to be the ones who have to come up with this.  I have never been on the Finance Committee. I have never attended one of their meetings. I don't know how it works. But I do know the chairman and ranking member said: We have come up with a way to come up with this money. Sure, a lot of it, as the Senator mentioned, is spending down the trust fund. Yes, we can do that probably to $6.5 billion without hurting ourselves. That is an assumption we make here. The interest? Yes, it should go to thetrust fund. There are some fixes in there in terms of ethanol that are all part of it. This going after people who avoided paying taxes is something we would all agree is something that should happen.  The one area the Senator mentions, frankly, I can't address is having to do with the WTO. I am just going to trust the Finance Committee that they have come up with this and have done what I asked them to do a long period of time ago.  Oh, yes, in response to that, I was underlining something. This came out in the Finance Committee, I say to my friend from Arizona. It said: In the view of the Finance Committee, these tax policy benefits--we are talking about benefits deductions, whether they are ethanol or maybe a car that is fuel efficient--nonetheless, to encourage them to do that, they are exempt from certain taxes. But those cars and those trucks still drive on our roads, still cause damage to the roads, and because they want to have a tax policy that has nothing to do with infrastructure, has nothing to do with roads and highways, fine, if we all agree on that, it should come out of the general fund, it should not come out of the highway trust fund. We are rectifying that and getting it back to the highway trust fund.  Now, on formulas, this is the most complicated part of the bill. I say to the Senator, your senior Senator came down and said he would like to trade formulas with Oklahoma. I have to say, as I have said several times down here in the last 2 weeks, everyone has the same formula. You have the same formula. North Carolina has the same formula. Maine has the same formula; Oklahoma does.  Now, the results come out differently because in that formula we are taking care of problems that are real problems. Arizona is a fast-growing State, the State of Texas, the State of California, the State of Florida. So in order to make all of this happen, there are caps, there are ceilings. If you bump the ceiling, we are not going to go above that. You may not like it because you are a fast-growing State. But if you don't, then that is going to be paid for in the formula with a change, maybe a change that is going to be coming in the form of an amendment tomorrow, by getting into some of the States such as Pennsylvania and New York.  So here is what we have in the formula: No. 1, total lane miles on the interstate, on principal arterial routes; No. 2, VMT--that is, vehicle miles traveled--on the Interstate System, on principal arterial routes, excluding the interstate, and on the Federal aid system; No. 3, annual contributions to the highway trust fund attributed to commercial vehicles; No. 4, diesel fuel used on highways; No. 5, relative share of total cost to repair or replace deficient highway bridges--I am very sensitive to that; my State of Oklahoma is dead last in terms of the condition of bridges--next, weighted nonattainment and maintenance areas and, lastly, rate of return of donor States.  We all know that the Senator from Arizona and I both know all about being a donor State. If we accelerated the point within those 6 years to raise that amount, then, obviously, there would not be enough money to ultimately get to the 95 percent we want to ultimately get to. So if you change one thing in the formula, it changes everything. You cannot do it in a vacuum.  There will be amendments, I am sure, tomorrow that are going to be addressing this and wanting to change the formula. But if you do it, it is going to change other States.  Now, if you will remember, the reason I am proud of this formula is that we have tried to do it. We tried to do it in 1991 with ISTEA. We tried to do it in TEA-21 in 1998. We failed during that time because right about at this point in the process they said: Well, we can't do it. There are too many people who don't like the way the formula has come out. So instead of that, we need 60 votes. How do we get 60 votes?  So they had a minimum guarantee. They said: All right. We are going to offer 60 of these votes what they want in terms of a percentage of the overall, and then, once we get to 60 votes, who cares? We have our 60 votes and we are going to pass it.  Well, I refused to do that back when the temptation was great to do it about 3 months ago. So the formula is going to be the first pure formula that we have had. But are there frailties in it? Yes, there are. There are corrections to be made because if you look in previous years at States where they have had an undue political influence, they have gotten more than their share.  Let's look at Pennsylvania. They had a good friend of the Senator from Arizona and myself who served in the other body, Bud Shuster, a Congressman from Pennsylvania. He, for a number of years, was the chairman of the committee, and Pennsylvania did disproportionately well.  I would say the same thing of our beloved Daniel Patrick Moynihan of the State of New York; certainly John Chafee, one we all loved, from Rhode Island. So the Northeast got kind of a benefit to which they were not entitled.  In fact, to be specific, under TEA-21--let's keep in mind I was a senior member of the Environment and Public Works Committee in 1998 when we put this together. And so at that time, in terms of a percentage of taxes paid in, New York got $1.25 back; Pennsylvania, $1.20 back; Rhode Island, $2.16 back; Montana--Senator Baucus, who is a very hard worker for his State--$2.18 back; Oklahoma, 90.5 cents, the minimum, the bare minimum.  I am the guy who should be out here complaining. When your senior Senator said, we ought to swap, if we swapped, I would end up with $40 million more. I will stand here right now and swap with you, and it will not affect any of the rest of the formula.  The formulas are not an easy thing to deal with.  Insofar as the State of Arizona is concerned, if you take an average of the 6 years of TEA-21, $463 million, and then you watch as it goes up here to finally reach $800 million, the total amount of increase is $1.11 billion in the State of Arizona. For my State of Oklahoma, the chart looks almost the same, but the difference is we end up at $1.07 billion. So there is $40 million more going to the State of Arizona. I don't like that. If I were to try to do something as chairman, I probably could have. I could probably have looked at the first run and said, no, Oklahoma needs to have more. But I didn't do it because we wanted the formulas to work. So the formulas are something that you can't mess with because if you do, you get right back to the minimum guarantee policy we have had in the past. I don't think that is good for anyone.  Since we have committed some time to two other Members, including the Senator from North Carolina, I yield the floor.  