President, I appreciate very much the Senator from Massachusetts being sensitive to the chairman of the Subcommittee on Transit who wants to come down to the floor. He will be here shortly.  Mr. President, what I thought I would do is continue to go through--in these moments where there is a little bit of a lull--this section-by-section analysis, as arduous as it may be to some people. But I think we need to have it in the Record so everybody has an understanding of not the hours, not the days, but the more than an entire year we have worked very carefully with the Senator from Nevada and the Senator from Vermont in coming up with the agreements and the compromises we have.  As we had said before, the goals of the reauthorization of TEA-21--which for the next 6 years we refer to as SAFETEA--have been to increase the rate of return to donor States. This is something of which certainly the Presiding Officer is fully aware. It is something we are all sensitive to.  My State of Oklahoma, for example, was down in the 70 percent range prior to ISTEA. Then with ISTEA and TEA-21 we crept up to 90.5 percent. This bill will take us up so every State will be guaranteed to get back 95 percent. I think that goes a long way. Some people who are a bit sensitive to the plight of donor States believe that getting to 95 percent pretty much resolves the problem.  That was one of the points we dealt with, and that took a long time on which to get an agreement. At the same time we did that, we wanted to make sure we were not negatively impacting donee States. We hear people come down and complain about the formula approach, their State perhaps is not getting what they should be getting. Then we hear later on a donee State will come down. We have to recognize, if we don't have floors and ceilings and we take care of all the needs of the donor States, it is going to affect the others.  For the fast growing States, that is a consideration in the formula. We have never done this before. For those States that are growing very fast, we had to put in a ceiling, so we bumped the ceiling; otherwise, there wouldn't be anything for the other States.  We have to keep in mind that the three largest, fast growing States are consuming in this bill 26 percent of the growth. Consequently, as people have come to the floor, if you try to look at that and say, yes, we are sensitive to this, we must do something about the fast growing State, and yet at the same time you have one of the States such as New York or Pennsylvania that would be negatively impacted by the same thing. So this was a compromise all the way through.  Streamlining is something we tried to address. I was actively involved in the other body during the development of ISTEA in 1991 and then again in TEA-21 in 1998 on this side. We were not successful in doing it. In other words, there are things we can do to streamline some of the regulations we have to deal with. Many of those are environmental regulations where we can get that taken care of first, and we have provisions in this legislation that will do that and end up getting a lot more for our dollars.  The reason we are calling this SAFETEA is that right now we have some 43,000 deaths on the highway. We are looking now at a trend line that is going the wrong way. So it is time to address that. We even have the name SAFETEA. That is very appropriate.  Freight movement: We haven't really spent a long time on addressing these things. Nonetheless, this bill does do it. The Federal Highway System is a key component to continued economic growth in this country. We have talked about the positive effect of this bill when we get it passed and get by these parliamentary obstacles. Keep in mind, it bothers me a little bit that we have obstacles from perhaps 5 or 6 people when we had 75 votes to move on and invoke cloture.  Remember when we saw in one of the publications on the Hill the ``Men Working'' sign, and then, superimposed in the middle of that, ``Men Not Working.'' That is a sign that we still have a problem. We have an economy that is on the rebound now, but jobs are lingering behind.  There is no program out there that is more of a significant jobs program than this bill. The IPAM provisions in the legislation will allow those projects which are immediately ready to be completed. I know the Senator from Oregon has been very concerned about how quickly we can get in there and get some of these jobs going. That is why that provision is in there, so you can move immediately to those projects that have been approved without going through a long and arduous process.  That is the major concern the American people have with our not getting something done. There is a lag behind highway construction and getting the job done, we all know that.  When you talk about deficient bridges, of all 50 States, my State is No. 1. People are very sensitive to that. But they also recognize that even when we pass this, it is going to take a while to get this done.  What they are aware of is, you pass this and immediately it is going to have a very positive impact on the job market. In calculating job opportunities, it is about quadruple the number of jobs that would be corrected with this legislation. The reason is this: If a guy has a job, he is out building a road; he is also buying goods and services. The manufacturing jobs are improving. We are talking about a huge issue. There is nothing we can do that would more quickly take care of this problem.  The old bills had what was called a minimum guarantee. TEA-21 had a minimum guarantee. We all remember. We remember that formula, the 1104 formula. As you looked at the formula, each State had a percentage of the total amount, and that was what was called the formula. But politically speaking, once you get up to the 60 votes you need, it does not make any difference what they did. Consequently, it didn't have any of the provisions in there that would try to do the most good, build the best roads, and take care of the problems in the States where they are the most serious. We have done away with that.  It would have been easier to just go ahead with that because everybody understands that and you get 60 people happy and you have a bill. But we didn't want to do that because there are a lot of the categories of people in the States that need to be taken care of.  One of the problems we have with the very fast growing States and the large States is that while we are going to end up in 2009, at the end of this 6-year period, with 95 percent in terms of the donor States, the fast growing States, the large States will not reach that until 2009. I regret that is necessary, but frankly there is no other way to make this happen. So what we did was to put the formula into effect and let the formula work.  I have been going through and outlining the various sections of the bill. We have done it from the very beginning, section 1101, all the way up now to 1620.  Section 1620 is the Highway Stormwater Discharge Mitigation Program. As introduced, S. 1072 did address the issue of contaminated storm water runoff from highways. Specifically, it expanded the eligibility of storm water projects to be able to use a State's funds under the NHS program and extended the eligibility of storm water projects to mitigate runoff on existing Federal aid highways, ongoing reconstruction, rehabilitation, resurfacing, or restoration projects. An amendment was adopted to create a 2 percent set-aside from the Surface Transportation Program amounting to nearly $1 billion.  This is something about which I know a lot of Members have a concern. My position has always been that if a State wants to use a 2 percent, a State can do it. If you have a mandatory set-aside, it puts us all in the position of where not only do we not have a choice, no other State has either. When you add it up, that is a lot of money. You are talking about a billion dollars. That is something that is going to be dealt with, it is my understanding, by interested Members. We will have to debate that.  My concern is getting to the position where we can debate legitimate differences of opinion. And that was one on which our committee was divided right down the middle. The concern I have right now is we are not debating things where there is a legitimate difference of opinion or even things that are germane. I hope that we can get to a point where we can table all nongermane amendments. I don't think we are going to get there, but I would like to get there. If we did, that would resolve that problem.  There are legitimate issues to deal with, with amendments. Section 1701 is transportation systems management and operations. Despite the historic increase in highway investment following the enactment of TEA-21, operational performance has declined. For example, a trip that would have taken 25 minutes during the congested period in 1987 now takes an additional 5 minutes. What we are talking about here is we have more congestion. I have seen this congestion mount. I was in the other body for 8 years. I was on the Transportation Committee during that time. The committee structure in the other body is not the same as here. In the other body, all they deal with is transportation.  Over here, we have Environment and Public Works, so we have other issues with which to deal. But when I got to the Senate, a vice chairmanship of the subcommittee became available. That was clean air. We went through the clean air problems we had during the Browner administration in the EPA. A lot of the problems that came up in my State--in fact, with original proposals that came through, out of 77 counties in Oklahoma we would have had some 50 counties that would have been out of attainment. We worked on that and tried to get something done that would be successful.  But when we deal with this section 1701, we are saying that if you are out there taking a trip, going from one point to another, and because of congestion you have to stop and let your engine idle and let the truck idle, you are using up a lot of fuel unnecessarily, and we will quantify that in a moment in our discussion. No. 2, it is a time waste. So you have an air quality problem as well as a pollution problem. This bill makes several changes to improve the transportation system's management and operations, including the creation of a foundation for transportation systems management and operations. Through the provisions of this bill, transportation systems management and operations programs and projects are integrated into the capital planning and construction processes. States are given tools for reducing traffic delays caused by vehicle accidents and breakdowns on highways during peak traveling times. The bill encourages continued development and deployment of safety measures, notification systems to disseminate safety information on Federal aid highways to motorists and public safety agencies as needed. Examples may include traffic congestion, freight movement and conditions, amber alert, weather event emergency notifications, and border and homeland security notifications.  I have been informed there may be another Member who wants to speak for a specific period of time on an unrelated issue.  