I will continue going through section by section.  When we talk about improved interagency consultation, this is another area where this bill is different from the reauthorizations we had in the past. We had intra-agency consultation as well as consultation at the various levels of Government. The States have a much larger voice in the recognition that they are more aware of the problems that exist than we are in Washington. It is very positive. Therefore, the States and MPOs are encouraged to consult with State and local air quality agencies in developing criteria from CMAQ projects and when making decisions as to which projects and programs to fund.  Section 1614 is the evaluation assessment of the CMAQ projects. To ensure that information on successful CMAQ projects is widely available, the Department of Transportation is directed to consult with the EPA to evaluate and assess a representative sample of CMAQ projects to maintain and disseminate a database of these projects.  Section 1615 is synchronized planning and conformity timelines, requirements, and horizon. Currently, the schedules for demonstrating conformity are not the same as the schedules for adopting long-range transportation plans and transportation improvement programs. That is TIPS. This disconnect has caused some areas to be in a continuous planning and conformity cycle.  In response to this inconsistency, the bill aligns the long-range plan updates, TIP updates, and conformity determinations for metropolitan areas on consistent 4-year cycles. Heretofore, there were various cycles and this conforms them to each other.  The bill also changes how far into the future the conformity determination must look to more closely match the length of time covered by the State's air quality plan referred to as a State implementation plan, or SIP plan.  Currently, conformity determinations take a 20-year outlook on the transportation planning side, even though most SIPs cover no more than 10 years. Obviously, we are trying to conform them with each other.  Section 1616 is in regard to the transition to new air quality standards. EPA plans to designate nonattainment areas for the new 8-hour ozone standard, that we have gone through just a few years ago, and the new fine particulate standard, at PM2.5, this year. Areas that have not previously been designated as nonattainment for the same pollutant will have 3 years to submit SIPs which include the motor vehicle emissions budget used to determine conformity. However, only a 1-year grace period is allowed before having to demonstrate conformity. Because of this, an area may have 2 years during which it must use some other means of demonstrating conformity.  Nonattainment areas are given the option of using the motor vehicle emissions budget from an approved SIP for the most recent prior standard for that pollutant. For example, an area that is in nonattainment for the 1-hour ozone standard and is designated as being in nonattainment for the new 8-hour ozone standard may use its 1-hour budget to determine conformity until it has an approved budget for the 8-hour standard.  Nonattainment areas are also given the option of using other currently available tests for demonstrating conformity without an approved air quality SIP.  Section 1617 is in regard to reduced barriers to air quality improvements. Nonattainment areas can use transportation control measures, such as HOV lanes, transit projects, park-and-ride lots, ride-share programs, and pedestrian and bicycle facilities to improve air quality. These TCMs are often included in the State's air quality SIP. Currently, if a State determines it would be better served by substituting one type of TCM for another, the State must already have a substitution mechanism in its approved State implementation plan or it must revise its plan.  This bill provides a substitution mechanism for all States, provided that the TCM to be substituted achieves the same or greater emission reductions as the TCM being replaced, based on analysis using the latest planning assumptions and current models.  Now, it has been our intention, as we announced before, that the chairman of the Transportation Subcommittee, Senator Bond, would be recognized at this time for the purpose of----  Mr. McCAIN addressed the Chair.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Collins). The Senator from Arizona.  Mr. McCAIN. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays on the Gregg amendment.  