President, let me say how much I always enjoy the junior Senator from Arizona. We were both elected to the other body in the same year, 1986. We both came here to the Senate in 1994. Neither of us is shy about the fact we are conservatives. He has heard me say many times that conservatives in some areas are pretty big spenders--that is, national defense and infrastructure--believing that is really what we are supposed to be doing in Washington.  I don't think you can find a State that has had more road problems than my State of Oklahoma. It is kind of a going joke there. Each holiday, so many people come for Thanksgiving, and they say: We could always tell when we got to Oklahoma because of the roads. We always knew when we left Arizona and got over to Oklahoma because the roads aren't nearly as good as they are in Arizona.  I would suggest a couple of things are worthwhile talking about. I have a chart. I want to help the Senator from Arizona when he goes home. I will let him take this chart home. When you look at Arizona, keeping in mind that the average State increase under SAFETEA is 35.6 percent, that is 40.23 percent. That is a huge amount over the average. The Senator from Arizona says it is because they have been on the short end of the stick for a long period of time. I can identify with that because being from the State of Oklahoma, we were at the very bottom. We had to come up by virtue of formula to 77 percent, to 80, then to 90.5, and now hopefully to 95. So that is a very large amount of money.  If you look in the far left of this chart, you have what Arizona averaged under TEA-21. That was $463 million. Then it shows each year thereafter, for the next 6 years, what happens by comparison. With all the difficulties we have in working on any kind of a formula, the Senator from Arizona and I have talked about the complexities of formulas. We have donee States, donor States, fast-growing States, low-population, low-density States. Consequently, to come up with some kind of a formula that takes care of all that, we took all of those things into consideration.  Contrast that with TEA-21. In TEA-21, they had a formula as a base, but they had a percentage. Every State had a percentage. When they finally got up to 60 votes, that was it: We don't care what happens to the rest of you. We have our 60 votes.  We didn't try to do that. That would have been easier, I suppose. I would probably be making the same number of people mad, but nonetheless we didn't do that. We tried to use the logical things to take into consideration in developing the formula.  The Senator talks about a veto. I know this is just a difference in interpretation. The Senator from Arizona is on the Finance Committee. I am not on it. Consequently, I went to the chairman, Senator Grassley, and I said tohim, some time ago: This is what I feel we need to do. It is up to the Finance Committee to figure out how we get there.  The Senator from Arizona ran over it pretty exhaustively, and I bow to his superior intelligence in terms of the finance package because he is on the committee. But when I look over the fuel tax fraud compliance, that is something that came along a little bit later. I think that is real. My staff says that is a conservative figure, the 2.5 cents and the 5.2 cents on ethanol.  The interest, you agree, should go back to the highway trust fund. Spending down the balance is reasonable. I can remember back when we had balances of $18 billion in the highway trust fund. I spent 8 years in the other body on the Public Works and Transportation Committee where we started chipping away on that. And we all know the reason that was there to start with. It goes back to the Lyndon Johnson days, when they were trying to make it look as if the money they were going to be spending was not going to have huge deficits. So they said, let's just go ahead and apply that when we are drawing up our budget. We have changed all that, and we are making great headway in spending that down to a reasonable level.  The $6.5 billion, everybody does agree, is reasonable and I am sure the committee did also. Then on some of the clarifications on the transfer of the gas guzzler tax to the highway trust fund, it should have been there to start with. What we are trying to do is undo some of the damage that has been done to the trust fund over the years. We are doing that with this bill.  As far as a veto is concerned, let me share something that goes into a little more detail than the Senator from Arizona did. We have a letter here that expresses the current feelings, dated February 2, just a couple days ago. And in this letter from Secretary Mineta, this is the administration's position. They said, yes, we recognize we need more money for infrastructure. That is something we all agree and they certainly agree is necessary. They said, if you can get to the Bond-Reid amount without doing three things, then we would support you.  No. 1 would be you would not be increasing gas taxes. We are not going to increase gas taxes. Secondly, we are not going to play around. You know the games you come up with. Let's have a bonding program. You and I both know most of these bonding programs are nothing more than borrowing in some way from the future and encumbering future revenues. Or third--this is our biggest controversy with each other--that highway spending should be financed from the highway trust fund, not from the general fund of the Treasury. I grant you, the last item you talked about is coming from the general fund. I contend it should not have been. It should have been in the trust fund to start with.  That is an argument you and I could have a disagreement on, but I look at it perhaps with a little bit of bias, sitting on the committee and saying: All right, Finance Committee, if you can come up with this, this is what is best for America. I felt they did. And the chairman has told me he believed they did. We had Senator Thomas on the floor, who is one of your colleagues on the committee, who I think is favorably disposed to the results of the work of the Finance Committee.  