President, as always, the Senator from Virginia was very courteous yesterday to modify his amendment to give States more time to comply with the requirements of his amendment. I sincerely appreciate his willingness to do so. Unfortunately, my underlying concern with imposing sanctions still requires that I oppose the amendment.  Two days ago, the U.S. Department of Transportation released a statement on sanctions and withholding Federal funds from States which do not have a primary seatbelt law. The statement reads as follows, and I quote:       The Bush Administration's continuing efforts to increase      local enforcement and education have boosted safety belt use      to the highest level in U.S. history. The Administration      opposes sanctions and withholding state funds, both of which      would jeopardize important state-level safety programs and      infrastructure maintenance programs already in place.       The Administration is working hard to help pass primary      safety belt laws throughout the country, and we're seeing      results. Twenty states and the District of Columbia already      have primary laws. And many other states, including Florida,      South Carolina, Ohio, Arizona and Virginia are currently      considering primary laws--with our help, not with mandates.       The Administration calls on Senator Warner to join us in      helping Virginia state legislators understand the need for a      primary safety belt use law.  As I said yesterday, I support the use of seatbelts, and I would suggest that instead of threatening the states with a stick the better approach would be toinduce them to achieve better performance in this area with some kind of incentive. Title IV, Surface Transportation Safety, of the pending substitute, contains an incentive grant program. As proposed by the Commerce Committee, this $100 million per year incentive grant provision would go a long way to achieving the goals that I believe my colleague from Virginia is trying to accomplish in his amendment.  Offering incentive grants to States that pass a primary seatbelt law or increase their seatbelt use rate is a much better approach to this problem than combination of mandates and penalties. History has also shown that so far, no State has been able to achieve the benchmark level of a 90 percent seatbelt use rate without enacting a primary law. Ultimately we all know that the decision to pass a primary law is up to each state individually. Although neither a sanction, nor an incentive approach is guaranteed to prod every State to produce results, the incentive method is the much better option. In a bill where money is tight, I am grateful that the Commerce Committee saw fit to apply some of those limited funds to this purpose. With that in mind, I question what the benefit would be of having both an incentive and a penalty, where just an incentive would do.  Currently, only 20 of the 50 States meet the requirements laid out in the mandate offered by the good senator from Virginia. I can't get over the fact that 30 States would be immediately thrust into noncompliance and subject to a possible cut in Federal funding under this plan.  As I have said before, my home State of Oklahoma is already in compliance with the requirements proposed in this new sanction, but I fundamentally oppose any imposition of new sections. As much as I personally agree with using seatbelts, I have to recognize that the only proper place for this decision to be made is in each State legislature, not in Washington, DC.  Mr. President, I move to table the Warner amendment No. 2286, as modified, and ask for the yeas and nays.  