President, it is appropriate that the occupant of the Chair at the present time is the Senator from Rhode Island because the amendment being offered by the Senator from Virginia is one that was a favorite of one of my favorite people, his father. I can remember many times he would be talking about this amendment. In fact, I can recall some disagreements.  I would say: John, your son is a mayor of a significant city. I am sure if you call him up he will tell you, if there is one thing they don't want, it is unfunded mandates. I was the mayor of a city for four terms. The biggest, greatest plague we had was unfunded mandates.  I will reluctantly oppose the Warner-Clinton-DeWine-Murray seatbelt sanction amendment at the appropriate time. This amendment makes a significant and damaging change to the core safety program established in the highway reauthorization bill.  The amendment imposes a new sanction on States that fail to achieve a 90-percent seatbelt rate or enact a primary seatbelt law. Currently, only 20 of the 50 States meet the requirements of this proposed new Federal mandate. As a result, if this amendment were to pass, 30 States would be immediately thrust into a status of noncompliance with this mandate and the clock would start ticking against them, threatening a significant penalty through the loss of funding. My State of Oklahoma is already in compliance. Actually it wouldn't affect us. We are in compliance with the requirements proposed by this new sanction. But I fundamentally oppose imposition of new sanctions on the States.  While most agree that seatbelts represent the single greatest factor in saving lives on our Nation's highways, the decision to pass a primary seatbelt law is best made at the State level.  The penalties proposed by Senator Warner's seatbelt sanction are twofold. The first penalty takes effect in calculating apportionments for fiscal year 2005. This is especially disconcerting because that gives States who do not already have primary seatbelt laws on the books only 8 months from now to enact a primary law. It doesn't affect me. Our State of Oklahoma already has them. This first penalty would require States in noncompliance to spend 10 percent of the funds apportioned to them under the new core safety programs on safety behavioral projects. Under section 405 of title 23, any funds subject to this transfer cannot be recovered in future years by a State's subsequent compliance with the seatbelt sanction.  A second penalty would be imposed if States had still not enacted a primary seatbelt law or brought their seatbelt rate up to 90 percent by the beginning of fiscal year 2007. States still in noncompliance by this time would lose up to 4 percent of their apportionments under each of the National Highway System programs: The Surface Transportation Program, Interstate Maintenance Program, and the Highway Bridge Replacement and Rehabilitation Program. That one is significant to me. These funds would be completely lost to the States in noncompliance and redistributed among other States.  You could argue that my position in Oklahoma could be enhanced by the passage of this amendment because we know there will be some States that are not in compliance. Certainly our bridges in Oklahoma need as much help as they can get.  The amendment proposes instituting a huge penalty for States without a primary seatbelt law. Although I support the increased use of seatbelts across the United States and would encourage States to enact primary seatbelt laws to reach this objective, I believe threatening States with the loss of needed Federal dollars for surface transportation is not the right approach.  I admire so much the Senator from Virginia and his dedication. I never appreciated what he had to go through 6 years ago as chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee during the last reauthorization until I became the chairman and am going through it. I am sure he did a far better job than I. But I disagree with this particular amendment.  