President, this will be brief because I think we are getting redundant in some of the things we are saying. I do find it a little bit puzzling that the people who are promoting this type of an approach--whether it is temporary extension or a narrowed-down version and spending less--are the same ones who were willing to spend $7.25 billion more just a few minutes ago.  On the issue of amount, the 40 percent we keep battering around, we have to remind ourselves that when we look at Government programs that are worthwhile Government programs, it is not unusual to have an increase of 6 percent a year. I draw a distinction between this and a lot of programs we have--I have a long list I could read about foolish things we do around here wasting money.  As a fiscal conservative, I believe in spending more in certain areas. One area is national defense and another area is infrastructure. I know that is what we are supposed to be doing here. In fact, the Senator from Missouri has access to a survey that shows that 69 percent of the people in America, as opposed to 22 percent against it, favor spending more money right now in this climate on infrastructure--roads and bridges. That is what we are here for.  I do want to say again--and I am sorry about being redundant, but it is very important--the President sent over three criteria. I think the first two we can't even argue about. We are not talking about raising gas taxes. He wasn't talking about plugging corporate tax loopholes. He was talking about increasing gas taxes. We don't do that.  Secondly, some of the things he considered to be gimmicks, we are not doing. I know the Senator from Missouri would like to approach the more creative types of financing.  In the third area where he talks about taking out of the general fund, that is one that could be debated. I am fully willing to take money out of the general fund if it got to the general fund from the highway trust fund. And it never should have.  One sentence out of the Finance Committee says:       In the view of the tax committee, these tax policy benefits      have nothing to do with highway use and should not burden the      trust fund.  In other words, if you are going to pass something having to do with vehicles that use less fuel, or something similar to that, that is policy and has nothing to do with traveling on roads. Because those vehicles travel on the same roads as other vehicles, why have the highway trust fund pay for that? I think that is absurd.  I was here in 1997 when we had a balance of $16 billion in the trust fund. The previous administration wanted $8 billion. We said let's take half out of the $16 billion. So they took that out of the highway trust fund and put it in the general fund. That ought to go back. That is a policy of being honest with the people. I think it is a moral issue, in a way, because 99.9 percent of the people who pay their taxes are willing to do that, assuming that goes to building roads and repairing bridges, and it is not because we have been raiding the trust fund over and over for the 18 years I have been here.  That is what this is all about. The Senator from Missouri is exactly right. We can't continue to do nothing. We are going to have to rebuild our bridges and roads.  I yield the floor.  