President, I rise to discuss S. 1134, the Economic Development Administration reauthorization bill, that was approved by the Senate today. This is an important piece of legislation for our Nation's economically distressed communities. These areas count on EDA to help create favorable environments for long-term economic growth. Studies have shown that EDA uses Federal dollars efficiently and effectively--creating and retaining long-term jobs at an average cost that is among the lowest in government. The bill emphasizes coordination, flexibility and performance. These tools will allow the Secretary to continue and even improve and increase the good work done by the agency.  In particular, I would like to highlight the performance award program and the reforms to the revolving loan fund, RLF, program included in the bill. The performance award program will allow the Secretary to reward those grant recipients who meet or exceed expectations regarding performance measures such as jobs created and private sector investment.  The reforms to the RLF program are needed to ensure the agency can continue to capitalize new and recapitalize existing RLFs. The current administrative burden of these funds is large. This bill will allow the Secretary to reduce that burden, both for the agency and for the local RLF managers, while providing appropriate oversight.  Enactment of this legislation will be good for my home State of Oklahoma in several ways as well. First, it will ensure that the communities of Elgin and Durant are able to move forward with infrastructure improvements that will support the attraction of private sector investment and the creation of jobs. Enactment will also result in much needed investment in Ottawa County, providing funding for the city of Miami--a city that has suffered economic hardship due to its proximity to a Superfund site.  Additionally, the bill preserves the ability of Economic Development Districts to use planning funds to provide technical assistance and cover administrative costs. This is especially important for the small, rural communities of Oklahoma that do not have the resources to maintain the professional and technical capacity needed to develop and implement comprehensive economic development strategies. Economic Development Districts work to fill this hole and should not be prevented from doing so.  I would like to thank my colleagues here in the Senate, in the House of Representatives and in the administration for working so diligently and cooperatively with me to complete work on this very important legislation. I would also like to thank the staff for their hard work--from my staff: Angie Giancarlo and Frank Fannon; from Senator Jeffords' staff: Geoff Brown and Malcolm Woolf; from Senator Bond's staff: Nick Karellas and Ellen Stein; from Senator Reid's staff: David Montes; and from EDA: Nat Wienecke, Paul Pisano, Ben Erulkar and Dennis Alvord.  