President, I compliment the senior Senator from Oklahoma. He is doing a great job in handling this most difficult issue.  We go through this every year, and I believe we are going to finally get something done tonight. I certainly hope we will and that we will have what we all will be proud of.  I can't help but comment. I happened to come in when my friend, the Senator from Connecticut, was leaving the Chamber. It seems as if the argument you hear from the liberal side of this body is the fact that all of this came about as a result of the tax cuts of this administration. I feel compelled to remind this body of the history of these tax cuts. It was not a Republican idea. Ironically, one of the truly great Democrat Presidents of this country, John Kennedy, was the guy who came up with the concept. He said--and this is an exact quote--       We need more revenues to run these programs that we have      and the best way to increase revenues is to reduce marginal      rates.  That was back in the 1960s, and it worked.  There is a recognition of the problem we have right now. This administration inherited a recession, and they are coming out of it by having the very tax reductions to add to the amount of revenues coming in. This is going to work. It is working today. If you do not think it does, let us remember what happened back in the 1980s.  In the 1980s, the total amount of money that was raised from marginal rates was $244 billion. In the 1990s, it was $466 billion. That was the 10-year period of the largest tax reductions on marginal rates in the history of America. It had the result of increasing--not decreasing--the amount of revenue.  The formula used was for each 1-percent increase in economic activity, it creates $46 billion of new revenues. John F. Kennedy knew that, Ronald Reagan knew that, and we ought to know that today, but we ignore history.  Now my friend from New Jersey, Senator Lautenberg, is coming up with another one of his favorite tax increases. I have never seen a tax increase he didn't like. But this seems to be one of his favorite ones.  We are going to have a big tax increase to vote on in just a few minutes. It is called the Superfund tax.  There is a lot of doubletalk. On the one hand, they blame the administration for U.S. job loss and lack of competitiveness. At the same time, they want to impose a tax that expired in 1995 on some of the most fragile industries that are not going to make it.  People say reinstating the Superfund tax will be a deficit-reduction-reducing measure. I am not sure that is necessarily true. What you are going to do is drive a lot of people out of business who are already overtaxed.  I think if I could single out one argument I find the most offensive--and I hear it as chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee over and over and over--every time we have a committee hearing, they talk about ``polluter pay.'' Polluters are paying today. That is the whole concept. When a polluter pollutes, that polluter pays.  In fact, historically, PRPs--potentially responsible parties--since Superfund started, the average of all cleanups has been 70 percent in the average year of those cleanups which are cleaned up by industries that have polluted.  This is interesting because in 2003, that 70 percent jumped to 80 percent.  In other words, all but 13 percent of the cleanups took place and were paid for by the polluters.  The antijobs and the protax supporters also ignore the fact that the Superfund tax, on its face, is unfair. It has nothing to do with taxing companies and industries that pollute. If an industry falls into a certain category--say you are going to have your taxes go up. It has nothing to do with whether or not they have ever polluted. In fact, oil and petroleum companies have paid more than 50 percent of the Superfund taxes but were responsible for less than 10 percent of the liability on Superfund sites.  That is historically accurate. I would defy anyone to challenge it. As a result, this is an especially unfair tax to American families who have to pay more at the pump.  Furthermore, Superfund tax supporters argue that cleanups have slowed down as a result of the amount of money lost from the trust fund. That isn't true at all. In fact, we had testimony in our hearings this last week that there is not a correlation between the amount of money in the Superfund reserve and the amount of cleanup.  In 1996, the tax fund was at its highest level. Yet the amount spent by the Clinton administration in 1996 for Superfund cleanup was at a 10-year low.  This year's Superfund budget request is around $1.4 billion. But wait a minute. Let us look at what they are proposing.  In this amendment, they propose an $8.5 billion tax increase. This is the same thing we went through, by the way, last year. There has never been a correlation between the amount of money raised by a tax and the amount of money that has been spent.  For those who are responsible for contamination, they are already being held liable for cleanup costs under Superfund. No one is getting let off the hook, and I will challenge right now the other side to name one viable polluter who is not being held accountable for the Superfund contamination they caused.  Here we are again with the same amendment. We have had it several times before. Senator Lautenberg danced this thing out again. We beat it the last time 57 to 43. I will be down here to remind people how they voted before. They will forget.  I honestly believe the only issue here is if you want to increase taxes on the American people by $8.5 billion in one vote, this is your opportunity to do it.  I yield the floor.  