 President, the Senate works in strange ways. I think there is no question about that. Some of us were upstairs holding a press conference on the fact that we had come together around a substitute amendment, and Senator Kerry, who had participated, came back up and said the amendment was agreed to.  For me, I began this in 1993, so it has been a very long time. Senator Snowe and I have worked, first, for the SUV loophole closer and then for this ten-over-ten bill for 6 years now. So it was adopted by the Senate, and there are some people I would like to thank.  I would like to begin thanking Senator Snowe, who has been the cosponsor of this legislation--10 miles improvement in mileage efficiency over 10 years--since we started; the chairman of the committee, Senator Inouye; the ranking member, Senator Stevens; Senator Carper, who was so helpful all the way along; Senator Dorgan, who had one part of the legislation, who agreed to a change and came into the compromise; Senator Kerry, who worked very hard with Senator Cantwell on the flex-fuel part of this; Senator Lott, Senator Corker; Senator Klobuchar; and many others. You, Mr. President, we thank you for being a cosponsor of this compromise effort as well.  We have pushed the rock for so long I think it is hard to feel anything once the rock goes over the hill. But the amendment was adopted and it is in the base bill. For this, we are very grateful.  I would quickly like to say what this agreement does. It increases the fleetwide average fuel economy for all cars, SUVs, and light trucks by 10 miles per gallon over 10 years or from 25 miles per gallon to 35 miles per gallon by model year 2020.  Second, it requires the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which we call NHTSA, to establish an attribute-based system that sets mileage standards based on size, weight or type of vehicle. This is important because it creates a level playing field for all automobiles.  From 2011 to 2019, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration must set fuel economy standards that are the maximum feasible and ratchet these standards up, making steady progress to meet the 35-miles-per-gallon fleetwide average by 2020. The fleetwide average must be met unless NHTSA determines, based on clear and convincing evidence, that a 35-mile-per-gallon fleetwide average would not be cost effective for the Nation.  From 2021 to 2030, NHTSA must set fuel economy standards that are the maximum feasible and ratchet even these standards up at a reasonable rate.  In addition, the agreement establishes a credit system that NHTSA would design, run, and operate. This would allow automakers to buy credits if you exceed the standard, and essentially sell those credits to those who cannot make the standards in a given year. So the credit trading program gives an automaker a financial incentive to exceed the standard.  It can bank its credits also for up to 5 years. That is insurance if it falls below the standard in a later year. If an automaker cannot meet the standard in a given year, it can purchase credits, use banked credits or borrow from projected surpluses in future years.  This provision was strongly recommended by the National Academy of Sciences in 2002. In part of the negotiation we negotiated with the two Senators from Michigan, both distinguished Senators, Ms. Stabenow and Mr. Levin. And I want to say this: There are no two Senators from any single State that I have seen fight harder for their State's industries than Senator Stabenow and Senator Levin. We could not reach an accommodation. Those of us who have watched this fight for CAFE standards and participated in it for the last 13 years, I have just found, for me, the automobile industry has never responded. They have fought everything we have proposed every time. When this happens, when an industry is not forthcoming and does not come to you and say: Look, I cannot support this, but I can support that, could you make some changes, just something--instead, it is a stone wall. It is: No, it does not work in this agreement, the arena, with those of us who feel strongly.  I come from a huge State. We have two nonattainment pollution areas, the central valley of California and the Los Angeles area. We are having a huge problem meeting the attainment standards. If we do not, it can stop everything dead.  Therefore, this, which reduces pollution, which reduces carbon dioxide, reduces global warming gases, and saves oil to the tune of 1.2 million barrels a day, is something that is going to happen when you try, try, try year after year and decade after decade.  I am very sorry we could not make an accommodation with these two Senators. But those of us who have worked on this felt so strongly that after all these years, 23 years, where Detroit has said: No, no, no, the time had come to say: Yes, yes, yes.  I, for one, want to help with leap-ahead technology. I, for one, want to help with financing, wherever I can, to make it possible. I believe I speak for all of the cosponsors of this bill. I believe we all want to help. So I hope the next step these Senators will take is to say: Here is a bill that we want to help on, that will provide the leap-ahead technology, and here is something that would help financially the American automakers meet these standards.  We who have worked on this, we who asked in the early 1990s--I was the one who asked for the National Academy of Sciences study. They took a period of years to do it. We have read it. I think those of us who have been at that for so long gave up any hope that we could work with the automakers. We do not believe this will stifle the American auto industry. We believe the technology is now available, we believe it is cost effective to use this technology. It is not just based on reducing weight; there are new materials, new engineering strategies, new types of engines that can be employed.  I want to summarize by saying with this amendment, 206 million metric tons of carbon dioxide will not be pumped into the air in 2020; between 345 million metric tons and 428 million metric tons by 2025. We estimate savings for consumers at the pump, at $3-a-gallon gasoline, to be $55.6 billion in 2020, and $93 billion to $116 billion by 2025. As I said, oil savings of 1.2 million barrels per day, or 438 million barrels per year in 2020, and between 2 and 2\1/2\ million barrels per day by 2025. That is about what we import from the Middle East.  I thank everybody who participated. There are some of those Senators on the floor. I want to particularly thank Senator Cantwell for her efforts on flex fuel. She is extraordinarily knowledgeable. She is also determined. Sheperseveres. Her amendment was added as a modification to the amendment that passed.  I thank Senator Carper for his steadfast help. The Senator from Delaware has been there every step of the way, in every meeting.  Most of all, I thank the chairman of the Commerce Committee. What can I say about this chairman? Well, I can begin by saying how lucky we are to have you, Dan Inouye. You run a fine committee. We are so grateful for your leadership in this matter. I do not believe it would have happened had you not, A, been chairman of the committee; B, been committed to this legislation; C, wanted us to come together and find a solution. You were so right, because we did come together, and the solution happened quicker than any of us might guess.  I also want to, if I might, thank your staff. David Strickland is a technological wizard on this. He also has the dedication. He is sitting here today. I know he has worked very long hours. But we are very grateful for his help.  Mr. Chairman, I say thank you very much.  I would be remiss if I did not thank my staff, particularly John Watts, who has been with us for some time, as my environmental counsel, and has worked on this issue; and Matthew Nelson, who is new to our staff, but came in and got his feet wet very fast. I am very grateful to both of them as well.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to add Senator Bill Nelson as a cosponsor to this amendment.  