 I know that Senator Lieberman is going to speak on the specific provisions of section 220 in the base bill, S.1, at a later time. However, I would like to share with this body what I understand to be the facts. If I understand correctly what is attempted in the underlying bill, the goal is to compel disclosure, registration and reporting for those companies, individuals or organizations that say, We have a cause, this is the cause; we want to establish a grassroots lobbying organization. They go and hire organizations to get going and spent more than 25,000 a quarter. They say go ahead and organize a movement, but nobody ever knows who they are or who funds them. This is called astroturf lobbying. Some people refer these groups as ``sham'' or ``front'' organizations. I am not going to say they necessarily are, but they have been referred to as such. They seek to influence legislation through mass media, using campaign and issue ads, letters, phone calls, think-tank public policy papers, and public polls.  The problem is, these organizations are hired guns funded by undisclosed special interest corporations and public policy firms. They conduct grassroots organization lobbying efforts which are often very misleading or in some cases, deceptive. For example, an oil company hires a sham organization to promote the benefits of alternative fuels to big oil, or a cigarette company hires a front group to lobby for smoke-free environment--or whatever the popular cause may be. They go out to organize, make lobby contacts, and conduct other lobby activities on specific issues. Unlike genuine grassroots groups that tend to be money poor but people rich, astroturf campaigns are typically people poor and money rich.  Section 220 of the base bill contains the provisions on disclosure of paid efforts to stimulate grassroots lobbying. I am the first one to say these provisions could be more clearly written. Nonetheless, the section's goal is to close the loophole in current law that allows these groups to engage in lobbying contacts without any public disclosure or reporting whatsoever--like the paid lobbying contacts and efforts of Jack Abramoff and Ralph Reed.  The bill recognizes this increased type of lobbying--paid efforts to stimulate grassroots lobbying--and creates new disclosure and reporting rules for such activities. It makes clear that efforts by an organization to contact its own members as part of a grassroots lobbying campaign are not covered and are unaffected by these provisions unless some outside group paid the organization to do so.  The bill also requires a $50,000 quarterly threshold as a precondition of registration. This means that small and truly local efforts are not covered.  I do not agree with the comments made by the ranking member about this section 220. Non-profits will continue to be able to lobby under currenttax law that requires threshold disclosure and reporting. However, private sector groups and their paid lobbyists are not currently required to disclose, register or report and therefore would be under section 220. So this is the differentiation between the two groups.  The provisions would create a balanced playing field by opposing a sham grassroots lobbying operation while protecting legitimate grassroots lobbying organizations. This in essence is the purpose. If it does survive consideration here, we will take another look at it in conference with respect to narrow definitions, registration and the reporting trigger thresholds. I do believe if somebody goes out and creates one of these groups, pours a lot of money into it and then hires people for grassroots lobbying purposes, then this group should be required to disclose and report so the public knows exactly who the group is and who is financing the group. Is it an undisclosed oil company or is it really a legitimate Citizens for Alternative Fuels to Oil? I think that it is important to determine the credibility and legitimacy of these organizations involved in grassroots lobbying.  I know the ACLU is opposed to it. The ACLU is a group that has been around for a long time. I don't see them being affected by this at all because they would be covered under this other section of the law. I offer these comments in the interests of the purpose of section 220 in this legislation, which I think is bona fide, helpful, and overdue. Thank you, Madam President.  I yield the floor.  