 I rise to honor the memory of Senator Craig Thomas, who passed away last night, Monday, June 4, at National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, MD.  I knew Senator Thomas--as we all did--as a quiet gentleman, and a dedicated advocate for the people of Wyoming.  My heart goes out to his wife Susan and to their four children.  Senator Thomas died of acute myeloid leukemia, which he had been fighting for several months.  All of us are familiar with Senator Thomas' courage, because we saw it here, in the Capitol, and on the floor of the Senate.  He came here to do his duty, even though he was fighting a disease that would ultimately take his life. That is the mark of true courage--not at all surprising, coming from this son of the American West.  Senator Thomas was raised on a ranch near Cody, WY. He attended public schools, and graduated from the University of Wyoming at Laramie, earning a degree in agriculture.  After college, he served 4 years in the Marine Corps. Then he went on to become vice president of the Wyoming Farm Bureau, and general manager of the Wyoming Rural Electric Association.  He served 5 years in the Wyoming State Legislature. In 1989, he was elected to the House of Representatives in a special election to replace Dick Cheney, who had been named Secretary of Defense. He was elected to his first term in the Senate in 1994.  Senator Thomas was reelected to his third term last year, with 70 percent of the vote.  Here, Senator Thomas was a strong voice for the people of his home State.  This included working to improve health care opportunities for rural families, work he pursued as a senior member of the Senate Finance Committee, and as cochair of the Senate Rural Health Caucus.  Senator Thomas served as chairman of the National Parks Subcommittee, and his work was recognized many times by the National Parks Conservation Association.  The organization honored him with its William Penn Mott Jr. Leadership Award, and with the National Parks Achievement Award.  I had the distinct pleasure of working with Senator Thomas on some issues close to my heart.  Earlier this year, he was part of a bipartisan coalition that joined with me, and with Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison, to extend the sale of the breast cancer research stamp, which has raised $54.9 million for breast cancer research.  Last year, Senator Thomas joined with me to cosponsor legislation to award the Congressional Gold Medal to His Holiness, the Fourteenth Dalai Lama, in recognition of his message of compassion and peace.  And Senator Thomas and I collaborated on a plan to use Wyoming Powder River Coal to produce cleaner electricity, which would be sold to Western States, including California.  Senator Thomas served Wyoming and the Nation well. He will be greatly missed.  