 President, this is really a very difficult time because probably in the 14 years I have been here, there is no more important bill than this one. There is no more difficult bill. There is no bill that calls upon the courage of every single Senator more than this bill. I know what has been happening out there. I know the calls that have been made. I know some of the threats that have been made. Yet we have a chance in this bill to do the right thing.  Many people don't understand the bill. They don't understand the large amount of the bill that is dedicated to enforcing our borders. They don't understand the money that the fees and fines put into the process to be able to do what we need to do with respect to immigration. They don't understand the reforms that are made in employment verification. They also don't understand the threat to our national security--that having so many people in this country and not knowing who they are, having more people coming into this country every day and not knowing who they are--the threat this presents to the security of every man, woman, and child.  This bill is aimed to fix what is broken in our system. I have had individual Senators say to me: Well, if the bill was just this part, I would vote for it; if the bill was just that part, I would vote for it. The point is, this part or that part won't get 60 votes. Only a combination of parts to accomplish a broad fix of broken borders, broken identification, a totally broken system will get enough votes.  We are very close to the votes required. I don't know what to say to Members who are not yet decided to bring them on board. I agree with what Senator Kennedy and Senator Specter have said: If we miss this opportunity, there is not likely to be another one in the next few years to fix the system. What will that mean? That will mean every year 700,000 to 800,000 more people will come across our borders unobserved, unknown. They will disappear into the shadows. If there is period of ``do nothing'' for the next 10 years, that will be 7 to 8 million more people illegally in the country. If we don't fix our visa overstay system, which is in this bill--40 percent of the illegal population are visas overstay; many of them don't go home--that will remain unfixed. If we don't come up with fraud-proof identification cards, employers will never really be able to know whom they employ and whether that individual is a legal person. This is an opportunity to fix all of that.  The fixes may not be to everyone's liking, but they are positive. It is the most positive immigration bill we have considered yet.  Additionally, never before in the history of the country is more being done to fix our broken borders, to fix interior enforcement, to fix employer sanctions. One thing is happening that has turned this bill by talk show hosts into something it is not, and that is for those people who are opposed, this is an amnesty bill. I don't know how we could say more strongly that it is not. I don't know how we could say more strongly that what is out there now is a silent amnesty. People are here 15, 20, 25 years. They are working, owning property. They now have a state of amnesty. This bill reconciles that. This bill changes that. This bill prevents it from happening in the future. It is hard for me to understand why that doesn't measure big-time with many of our colleagues. Apparently, it does not.  I can only come to the floor to plead: Let us finish this bill. If you are concerned about enforcement, Senator Graham's amendment coming down the pike next has many very interesting improvements. Give him a chance to offer that amendment, then vote no. But I think to cut this bill off now is a huge mistake. We are so close. There are still a series of amendments to be passed. Please, give them an opportunity postcloture. Please vote for cloture.  I yield the floor.  