 President, I worked with the Senator from Texas, now, 10 years up close. I do not like to oppose her amendment, but in this case I believe I must. This is an issue we debated in many conversations during the process of drafting this legislation.  I was opposed to the touchback idea and I am skeptical about it now. However, in the spirit of compromise, we went forward with the touchback that we have in the base bill, specifically in title VI. We included some important safeguards to make sure it is workable.  This amendment from the distinguished Senator from Texas actually does away with this by creating a touchback requirement before people get their full Z visa. What immigrant is going to show up and register for a program if he has to take his chances on leaving the country and coming back in before he gets some kind of immigration status? What immigrant is going to report to deport?  I wager that many, if not most, will simply stay underground and try to keep their heads down for as long as possible. They have built lives here, they have families, they own homes, and they have jobs they want to keep. Very few undocumented immigrants are going to show up for a program that offers no certainty they will actually be able to legalize their status.  What this amendment does is essentially front load the requirement that makes the program unworkable from both an agency and an applicant perspective. Requiring consular officers to steal themselves for a flood of applications, 8 to 10 years down the line, is one thing. Requiring them to gear up for adjudication of this in-person application in the next 2 years following registration is a very different story.  I hope the body will defeat the amendment. Those of us--Senator Craig and I and others--who have worked on the AgJOBS program believe that the agriculture jobs program is the way to go. It is negotiated by farmers, by unions, by growers, and it has a specific requirement.  I know the Senator does not touch this specific requirement, but the main problem with the amendment is requiring this touchback so soon, before people have acquired any kind of legal status. They register and then in 2 years, they would have to go and perform this touchback.  We believe it strikes at the heart of the bill and urge a ``no'' vote.  I yield the floor.  