 This bill has three huge chapters called titles that are devoted to enforcement. It is extraordinarily important, and it isn't going to get done if this bill doesn't pass.  Now, in addition to that, it says--because there is no way to find and deport these individuals because they live in the shadows and because an overwhelming number of them live a life of hard work and want to continue to work and want some hope and opportunity for their family--that if they go through an extensive process--not an easy process, not a process of amnesty in any way, shape or form--as a matter of fact, they feel the process may be too tough because they must go through an extensive period of paying fines. For one person, the fines amount to $8,500 over the first 8 years. They must learn English. They must show work documents. They must do this periodically. They must pay taxes. They must show documents that they have paid taxes. This is not a pushover by a long shot.  If they can comply with this, they receive something called a Z visa. That Z visa eventually, between 8 and 13 years into the future, will enable them, after everyone now in the green card line--after that green card line is expunged--to get a green card. It is hard. There are many hoops they will jump through. The fines are heavy. But they say they will do it. The dominant majority say they will do it. That means they will be documented. That means the national security problem will end.  Additionally, we are requiring US-VISIT to track people leaving our country so we will know if somebody who is here on a visa actually leaves the country when their visa expires. There is a penalty. If they come back illegally, they will be held and do some jail time prior to deportation.  The bottom line is this bill also incorporates two other bills. One is a bill that has been negotiated between farmers and growers and organizations representing farm labor, such as the United Farm Workers, over a substantial period of time. The reason for this portion of the bill is because agriculture in America is dominantly--perhaps 90 percent--undocumented illegal workers. The reason it is that way is because American workers will not do the job. I know that in California because we have tried over the years to get American workers to do these jobs.  One day I went out to the Salinas Valley, and I watched row crops being picked. What I saw was the degree to which this is stooped labor in the hot Sun but with a skill. These people bring a skill. Agriculture workers have a skill: the way they pick, the way they sort, the way they pack, the way they prune. If you watch them, you see they go from crop to crop. They are not American citizens. They come from other countries. They are the labor that puts our food on the table in the United States of America.  What this bill does is incorporate a closely negotiated bill called AgJOBS, which would allow these workers to become documented and, at the end of 8 years, if they carry out their requirements to continue their agricultural work for an additional number of years, they are then eligible to be first in this line for a green card.  The final part of the bill is the DREAM Act, which recognizes that children, for example, such as the three Munoz children, or other children who are brought here illegally and go to school and earn a degree in college or serve in our military, can earn a green card.  So the bill is a compromise bill as well. People on the other side of the aisle wanted certain things in this bill. People on our side of the aisle wanted certain things in this bill. It was negotiated and the bill was put together. Is the bill a perfect bill? No. Is it a good bill? I absolutely believe that it is. I absolutely believe this Nation will be better off with this bill. Will the Judiciary Committee have to practice oversight? We have Senator Kennedy, we have the Presiding Officer, and members of the Judiciary Committee. I believe very strongly what we should do is have bimonthly hearings, oversight hearings into the operation and mechanics of the bill, so that as the bill is carried out, if there are tweaks that need to be made, we can make them.  But to fail, at this point in time, is to continue this situation where 12 million remain unidentified, where they pose a serious risk to national security, where 700,000 to 800,000 people will enter our country illegally or overstay their visas over 10 years, with 7 million to 8 million additional people here in undocumented capacity, where 400 to 500 people die every year trying to cross the Mexican border, and where 4 million people will continue to wait for a green card. We take these problems and we try to solve them in this bill.  Now, people who are opposed to the bill say: I don't like this. I am going to vote against the bill. I don't like that. I am going to vote against the bill. Yes, they can do that. Yes, they are entitled to do it, but know what you are doing when you do it. There will be no $4.4 billion to enforce the border. There will be no additional Border Patrol.There will be no electronic verification. There will be no biometric documents, and the flow and the silent amnesty will, in fact, continue.  This is our chance. We should not squander it.  