 President, I would like to indicate my full support for this. This effort actually began 6 years ago. Some of us were here then, including Senator Cantwell who is here tonight, Senator Harkin, Senator Levin, Senator Snowe, Senator Conrad, when we began this effort. It looks like opportunity and timing are once again coming together.  We have a bill that today has the general support of the Commodities Futures Trading Commission, the electronic exchange known as ICE, the New York Mercantile Exchange known as NYMEX, the Chicago Mercantile, and the President's Working Group. This legislation, supported by myself, Senator Levin, Senator Snowe, as well as Senator Cantwell--I have a list here--Senator Conrad, obviously Senator Chambliss, and Senator Crapo would accomplish that. I would like to point out that under Senator Levin's leadership and his Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which did an investigation into the absence of oversight and transparency on some of these markets, became a guide for this push and effort.  I would like to very briefly say what this legislation does. It increases transparency in energy markets to deter traders from manipulating the price of oil and natural gas futures traded on electronic markets. Here is what it would do. First, it requires energy traders to keep records for a minimum of 5 years so there is transparency and an audit trail. Second, it requires electronic energy traders to report trading in significant price discovery contracts to the Commodities Futures Trading Commission so they would have the information to effectively oversee the energy futures market. Manipulators could then be identified and punished by the CFTC, and in the past there have been plenty of those. It cost the State of Washington--wounded them deeply--and it cost my State $40 billion in fraud and manipulation.  Third, the amendment gives the Commodities Futures Trading Commission new authority to punish manipulation, fraud, and price distortion.  Fourth, it requires electronic trading platforms to actively monitor their markets to prevent manipulation and price distortion of contracts that are significant in determining the price of the market.  These are the factors CFTC will consider in making that determination. The trading volume, whether significant volumes of a commodity are traded on a daily basis. Price referencing, if the contract is used by traders to help determine the price of subsequent contracts. Price linkage, if the contract is equivalent to a NYMEX contract and used the same way by traders.  For example, when Amaranth was directed to reduce their positions in regulated natural gas contracts, they simply moved their positions to the unregulated electronic natural gas contracts. The bottom line: This requirement would essentially say similar contracts on ICE and NYMEX will be regulated the same way.  In October, the four CFTC Commissioners released a report underscoring the critical need for increased oversight in U.S. energy markets. This bill includes what they asked for. We are very pleased. I am delighted the CFTC reauthorization is included in this package. Once again, this is a bipartisan bill. I wish to thank my main cosponsors: Senator Levin, Senator Snowe, Senator Cantwell, Senator Conrad, and others who have been very helpful in this area. I believe we can pass this legislation, hopefully unanimously, tonight.  I yield the floor.  