 President, I rise today to commemorate the anniversary of the Armenian Genocide.  Ninety-two years ago today, on the night of April 24, 1915, the Ottoman government launched a series of raids in which hundreds of Armenian leaders and intellectuals were arrested and subsequently deported or killed. This event marked the beginning of a systematic campaign of murder, deportation, and forced starvation, during which as many as 1.5 million Armenians perished and 500,000 were exiled by the Ottoman government.  We are obliged to remember and speak about their suffering because silence about such atrocities plants the seed for another tragedy.  On the eve of the 1939 Nazi invasion of Poland, seeking to allay the fears of his aides, Adolf Hitler said: ``Who, after all, speaks today of the annihilation of the Armenians?''  And today, the world is again witnessing genocide, one waged by a government against its own people, one involving mass murder, ethnic cleansing, and forced starvation. I am speaking, of course, about the genocide in Darfur.  Let there be no mistake. The ongoing genocide in Darfur, carried out by the Government of Sudan and its janjaweed militias, traces its roots to the silence and quiescence of the international community during previous episodes of genocide and ethnic cleansing, including the Armenian genocide.  By acknowledging and learning from the Armenian genocide, then, we become better positioned to prevent present and future atrocities.  Open discussion of the Armenian genocide serves another important purpose. It enables the descendants of those involved in the Armenian genocide--both perpetrators and victims--to mend the wounds that have not yet healed.  As recently as January of this year, a Turkish-Armenian journalist, Hrant Dink, was murdered because of his outspoken advocacy for Turkish recognition of the Armenian genocide. This incident serves as an important reminder that an open, informed, and tolerant discussion of the genocide is critical.  California is home to many of the descendants of the genocide's survivors, who immigrated to the United States and, over the course of a few decades, built strong and vibrant communities. Working closely with the Armenian-American community over my many years in public service, I know how alive and painful this issue continues to be for many Armenian Americans.  So I rise before you today and ask that you join me in acknowledging and commemorating the Armenian genocide. Together, let us send a strong message that such atrocities will never be accepted, regardless of when and where they take place.  And let us ensure that the legacy of the Armenian genocide is one of reconciliation and hope.  