 President, about 6 years ago, I was sitting at home and I was watching television. What I saw was, I believe, happening in Seattle. It was a 14-year-old Chinese youngster who had come to this country in a container. Her parents died in the container. She had survived. She had been in a detention facility for 7 months prior to coming before the judge. What I saw on television were tears streaming down her face, her hands in cuffs, and the chain went around her waist. She was unable to wipe away her tears. I thought this was very strange, something really must be wrong.  I found out that she is not alone. There are 7,000 unaccompanied youngsters who come to this country every year. Many of them--at least up to a recent point--were held in detention facilities for unlimited periods of time. They don't speak the language, they have no friends, they have no guardians, and they have no one to represent them. Often, they are sexually abused. It is a real problem.  This amendment is the same as a bill that passed the Senate last year by unanimous consent. There are a few changes, and those changes remove provisions that were contained in the previous version that are no longer necessary because of changes in agency practices to bring this bill in line with other laws, and to require promulgation of regulations and reporting of statistics on children affected by this bill.  Now, in the Homeland Security Act, the responsibility for the care and placement of unaccompanied alien children was transferred from the Immigration and Naturalization Service to the Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Refugee Resettlement. This amendment provides guidance and instruction to the Office of Refugee Resettlement, the Department of Homeland Security, and the Department of Justice, for how to handle the custody, release, family reunification, and the detention of unaccompanied alien children.  The amendment clarifies that any child who was deemed to be a national security risk, or who has committed a serious crime, will remain under the jurisdiction of the Department of Homeland Security or the Department of Justice and will not be released to the Office of Refugee Resettlement. For those who pose no danger to themselves or others, the amendment requires that the children be placed in the least restrictive setting possible, and it defines what those settings are.  This is the order of preference: One, licensed family foster care; two, small group care; three, sheltered care; four, residential treatment center; five, secured detention. So the least restrictive place for these children--remember, in any given year, there are a substantial number of these children. The amendment also would establish minimum standards for this custody or, where appropriate, detention of these children, including making sure they have access to medical care, mental health care, some access to phones, legal services, interpreters, and supervision by professionals trained to work with these children.  I am delighted that Senator Martinez is a cosponsor, and I hope he will come to the floor because I believe he just said to me he found himself in a similar situation. I mentioned to him a case with which we are all familiar, Elian Gonzalez, who landed on the shores of Florida, whose mother drowned trying to get here. He had relatives in Florida. Florida has moved to create certain centers where these children are, in fact, secure, but many States have not.  The amendment also requires that wherever possible, these children are returned to their place of origin if there is a family member who can receive them. So a juvenile is sent home if there is a suitable placement for that child. If not, another appropriate placement must be secured for that child.  I think this legislation is very good legislation. As I said, it has passed the Senate before. We have amended it to comply with bills that have passed the Senate, and I am very hopeful that this amendment might even pass by unanimous consent today.  I will not ask for the yeas and nays at this time.  I do not see Senator Martinez in the Chamber at this time, so I yield the floor.  