 I had hoped the outcome would be very different. I too want to thank my colleagues.  Earlier this evening, I happened to listen to the gray-haired Senator from Massachusetts speak and I think he probably spoke for an hour without a note. It was a lesson in immigration and a lesson on this bill. I think he knows more and has worked harder and worked longer--not months, but decades--on these issues. So, Ted Kennedy, I want you to know I have the deepest respect and feeling for you, and I am so sorry this day ended the way it did.  But to my other colleagues: Senator Kyl, Senator Martinez, who is here, Senator Salazar, Senator Menendez, Senator Specter, Senator Graham, all of those people who came to the hot rooms and sat around a table and put forward something they hoped could be bipartisan and could pass, I think weall know the fact is that any immigration bill has to get 60 votes. Therefore, it is not going to be a Democratic immigration bill and it is not going to be a Republican immigration bill; it is going to be a bipartisan bill.  Having said that, when you deal with one word, which is ``comprehensive,'' which means all encompassing, you have to deal with a system that is huge. A visa system by the millions, a broken border, interior enforcement, employer sanctions, all of those things you need to do to fix a system that has existed are broken.  Someone said earlier today: What we have now today in America is effectively amnesty, because people know you can't pick up and deport 12 million people. You can't hold 12 million people. Therefore, what develops is a kind of subterranean, fearful culture that never becomes healthy and part of the main culture of America, and it is so too bad, because it doesn't have to be that way. I think those of us who see that, who looked at the comprehensive picture, who struggled between a Democratic ideology and a Republican ideology and to put those things together that we could put together in virtually every area of immigration reform, found that indeed it was a difficult task. We also found another thing: that there are very strong feelings in this country; and secondly, this bill was misunderstood from the very day it was brought out on the floor. In many different ways, it was misreported. It is still being misreported to this very day.  People never have understood the complexities of the bill. For example, if you sunset the point system after 5 years, you essentially say that agricultural workers can't get green cards because they have to wait for 8 years, or Z visas can't get green cards because you have to wait for 8 years. The agreement was that in exchange for being able to bring people out of the shadows, to put them through the hoops of becoming legal--not amnesty--oh, and I must tell my colleagues, my hair goes up every time somebody calls it amnesty, because there are all kinds of hoops they must jump through, and they must show a dedication to the country, and they must work and they must pay a fine, and they must learn the language, and they have to do this over a substantial period of time. They have to work to hold their visa. There is a probationary period. They have to submit documents. Some people thought it was too strong, but the fact is, we had a workable program. The exchange for the Republicans for doing that was two things: the guest worker program, and 8 years down the pike, 8 years down, changing the family basis to a nuclear family for green cards--a nuclear family being a mother, a father, and minor children, with additional green cards to move people faster through, with hardship green cards where there was a hardship. I wish to share this with the Senator from Florida, and other Senators who are here, that with every amendment put on the floor, it drove the sides not closer together but further apart. I watched as we sat here late last night. I saw that as the discussion of amendments went on, we lost Members. It was unfortunate because much of it was not on correct information.  I hope people will take a look at this bill. There may be some decision made that comprehensive, all inclusive is too much to tackle in one bill, that perhaps we should do parts of this bill at a time. This has been a very hard time for those of us who believe we had a product that had a chance to stand the test of time. We have a failing system out there today. Even if we got 25 percent better, it would be better than it is today. We could offer hope for people. We could see they are put in a constructive venue. We could see that enforcement is what it should be. We would put the money into the guarantee of the enforcement. We would use modern electronics to improve employer sanctions. Everybody would have an identification card. We have all these people in this country and we don't know who they are. What kind of a national security risk is that? Answer: It is a big one. We have people coming across all the time. This is a way to know who everybody is in the United States.  So there were so many things in this bill that were good. Sure, there are things I don't like and that Senator Durbin didn't like and that Mel Martinez didn't like and Senator Salazar didn't like and a lot Jeff Sessions didn't like. There were even things Ted Kennedy didn't like. But the point is we have a system that is not functional and that is serving no purpose and is using taxpayer dollars without producing the kinds of efficiencies it should. This is what we tried to solve in this bill.  I thought it was a good bill. I thought we could, in conference, work out some of the problems. I guess my observation of the evening is: Is comprehensive too much? Secondly, do people not want a bill so much that they are going to put amendments on this floor that don't bring people together, only divide them further?  In terms of deal breakers--my last point--there was one on each side. We survived that. There was one for each side. Yet there was nothing that could not be remedied in a conference. The achievements, I thought, would have been so strong and our situation so much improved. I hope people will read the bill, look at it, understand how these visa programs would work, understand how the security in this country would be improved by passing it, understand how we can--I have always believed we could control our borders. If we have the will, there will be a way. This was the will and the way to do that.  So it is a dark day for me and a dark evening because a lot of work went into this. I don't think we should give up. I think we should come back to fight another day. I know we will. To everybody, beginning with Ted, Ken, Mel, Dick, and for those Republicans who had the courage in particular to vote yes on cloture, I am very grateful. I think if there were a few more of you, we may have been able to do this tonight. We will come back. I thank everybody.  I thank the Chair and I yield the floor.  