 I also thank the Senator from Georgia for withdrawing this amendment.  This amendment muddies churning waters even more. I think it would be very difficult if put in at this time. The way to go about this is through something called the AgJOBS bill. I have seen the Senator from Idaho on the floor. The Senator from Idaho, the Senator from Massachusetts, and myself have all played a role in the AgJOBS bill.  If I understand what the Senator from Georgia was trying to do, it was to substantially change the H-2A program, which is the temporary agricultural worker program. That is a visa program, codified under section 218 of the Immigration and Naturalization Act. Under current law, employers of H-2A guest workers must pay the State minimum wage, the Federal minimum wage, the State's adverse effect wage rate--which is the market rate or the local prevailing wage, whichever is highest.  The Chambliss amendment would have required that H-2A employers pay the greater of either the Federal minimum wage or a newly defined prevailing wage.  My staff called both departments mentioned on line 6 at page 2 of his amendment--that is the Occupational Employment Statistics Program and the Bureau of Labor Statistics--neither of which had a prevailing rate they could certify.  This amendment, if promulgated, would have presented serious problems for our agricultural workers. For example, in my home State, the adverse effect wage rate is $9. This rate is higher than the Federal minimum wage. Because we do not know what the prevailing wage would mean in the Chambliss amendment, it would most likely result in a major cut of wages for agricultural workers.  Now, in AgJOBS, we have negotiated a 3 year freeze of the adverse wage rate so that a study could take place. It would give us a period of time to work this issue out. I think to do this as an amendment, without negotiation, without a real hearing, is a tremendous mistake. So I am very pleased the Senator chose to withdraw his amendment. I would have spoken as strongly as I possibly could against it had he not withdrawn it. I yield the floor.  