 President. I would like to say something in response.  Basically, the earmark language is formed on the DeMint language that was in the Senate bill. What happened was that staff sat down with all of the Parliamentarians for several hours to determine the workability under Senate rules and procedures of the language. Amendments were made that would make the language workable.  Now the Senator from South Carolina contends that the Parliamentarians should review the entire bill and rule on whether each and every earmark is listed by the Chair and vet that earmark.  When our offices spoke with the Parliamentarian's office, we realized that this was not a workable situation and could lead to gridlock in the Senate. Now, maybe that is what the junior Senator from South Carolina wants, but I, for one, believe the American people want us to carry out their business.  There is full disclosure. There is full transparency. The committee chairs must certify that the earmark list is complete. It must be published on the Internet 48 hours before it comes before the Senate. Disclosure and transparency is what earmark reform is all about. No more dark of night additions to bills, even when the conference committee is often closed.  Once again, if the junior Senator from South Carolina had allowed a conference, Members would have been able to sit down in the full light of day and, Member to Member, House to Senate, discuss this. But instead, he alone--he alone--despite importation after importation to allow the conference to go ahead, would not allow it to go ahead. One Member. That effectively would have stopped the bill--stopped the bill. Instead, the majority leader and the Speaker of the House, after the bill passed the House by a wide margin, believed this was too important to let one Member--one Member--stop it. So they figured a way to bring a bill from the House, which is what is now before us.  To me, this is all sour milk, spoiled milk. He would have stopped the bill dead if he could have his way. But it didn't happen that way. And you know, there is more than one Member of the Senate. There are more than 2, 3, 4 or 5; there are 100 Members. Members' views have to be taken into consideration.  Yes, there was some change in the language, but there is nothing in the change of language that in any way, shape or form stops full disclosure or the certification of the committee chair or stops putting it on the Internet 48 hours before it comes to the board. It is real reform.  I hope there will be the votes here for cloture. I urge the Senate of the United States to vote for cloture on what is the most significant ethics and lobbying reform bill since Watergate.  