  Mr. President, on the original bill, which has just been objected to, twice in April, first on April 17 and then on April 26, I rose to ask unanimous consent that the Senate take up and pass S. 223. It was reported out by the Committee on Rules on March 28. In the first case Senator Alexander objected on behalf of a Republican Senator. In the second, Senator Bunning rose to object on behalf of the Republican side. But to this date, no Republican Senator has come forward to acknowledge placing a hold on this bill and say why the bill should not become law.  I wrote the minority leader on May 27 asking for his help in learning who was opposed to the bill and why. But no Members have yet come forward to identify themselves. This is a simple, direct bill with respect to transparency. It is an idea whose time has long come. Everybody else does it, and so it is very hard for me to understand who could oppose this and what their reason for opposing it could be.  At our hearing on March 14 and at our markup on March 28, it was clear there was no public opposition to this proposal. I believe it is time for the Senate to act. The bill is entitled Senate Campaign Disclosure Parity Act. It is sponsored by Senator Feingold, who sits behind me in the Chamber, Senator Cochran, and 30 other Senators. It would require that Senate campaign finance reports be filed electronically rather than in paper format.  Currently House candidates, Presidential candidates, political action committees, and party committees are all required to file electronically. But Senators, Senate candidates, authorized campaign committees of Senators, and the Democratic and Republican Senate campaign committees are exempted. So we operate the Senate separately from everybody else.  Is this practical? The answer is no. It is cumbersome. Paper copies of disclosure reports are filed with the Senate Office of Public Records. They scan them. They make an electronic copy, and they send the copy to the FEC on a dedicated communications line. The FEC then prints the report, sends it to a vendor in Fredericksburg, VA, where the information is keyed in by hand and then transferred back to the FEC database at a cost of approximately $250,000 to the taxpayers. Of course, during this convoluted period, there is no transparency. Therefore, the reports are not available for public scrutiny.  It is long past time to bring the Senate into the modern era and to recognize that transparency is a part of a political process. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in ensuring timely access and disclosure of campaign finance activities to the public. The sponsor of this bill, Senator Feingold, has joined me today to urge passage of this bill.  Thanks to the enactment of S. 1, there is a new reason why we are doing this today. Section 512 of S. 1 now requires Members placing a hold on a bill to come forward and identify themselves. To the best of my knowledge, no Member has yet used this section to break through the anonymity of a Senate hold. I believe it is appropriate that this provision be asserted now for the first time in connection with a bill that is all about transparency. I think it might be useful for me to read it, since it is now the law:       Section 512 (a) In General.--the Majority and Minority      Leaders of the Senate or their designees shall recognize a      notice of intent of a Senator who is a member of their caucus      to object proceeding to a measure or matter only if the      Senator (1) following the objection to a unanimous consent to      proceeding to, and, or passage of, a measure or matter on      their behalf, submits a notice of intent in writing to the      appropriate leader or their designee; and (2) not later than      6 session days after submission under paragraph (1), submits      for inclusion in the Congressional Record and in the      applicable calendar section described in subsection (b) the      following notice: ``I, Senator [whoever it is] intend to      object to proceeding to [name the bill], dated, for the      following reasons.''  So if 6 Senate days from now the hold on this bill will become evident, it has been a rolling hold up until now, but now, after 6 days, we must know who it is.  I would believe if there are efforts to obfuscate this section of the law candidly, we should amend the law to prevent that from happening. This is a simple bill. Everybody is for it. Nobody wants to say who is against it. I think that should become apparent. I believe Senator Feingold and I hope Senator Cochran, the cosponsor of the bill--and they have dozens of cosponsors--would agree.  I wish to acknowledge Senator Feingold, if I may, and I yield the remainder of my time to him and also thank him for his leadership on this issue.  