 President, I wanted to take a few minutes to do what Senator Boxer did yesterday, which is essentially to update the Senate on the catastrophic fires in California. I offer these words on behalf of Senator Boxer and myself.  Today there are 14 fires, big fires, burning in California. The bulk of them are uncontained and out of control. The containment factor is very small. More than half a million people have been told to evacuate their homes. More than 309,000 acres have been destroyed by fire, over 400 miles, from north of Los Angeles to San Diego and now across the Mexican border, and more, we fear, will be destroyed.  The deaths, fortunately, today are limited to one, with 34 injured throughout southern California, some of them firefighters. High wind and high temperatures persist. A red flag warning is in effect for the California coast from Monterey to the Mexican border. More than 1,000 homes have been destroyed; 11,500 are now threatened. Today more than 100 commercial buildings have been destroyed, and 2,000 are threatened; 52 outbuildings have been destroyed and 550 are threatened.  Health warnings have been issued because of smoke and particulate matter. As you know, these fires are driven by hurricane and gale-force Santa Ana winds, which are hot and contrary to the prevailing westerly flow, east to west. They are fueled by bone-dry brush from years of drought and virtually no humidity. Humidity is below 10 percent.  Fires are raging still in Malibu, at Lake Arrowhead in Irvine and Santa Clarita. The Arrowhead area is particularly dangerous because there are half a million acres of pine-beetle infested dead trees waiting to go up.  Of course, they are raging in San Diego County, which is bearing the brunt of two major fires which well could join. Already, the 300,000 people in San Diego County alone have been told to evacuate. More than 10,000 of them are now taking refuge in Qualcomm Stadium, home to the San Diego Chargers. These people will be there for 48 to 72 more hours and possibly more.  Sanitary supplies are going to become a problem. It is going to be a real effort to get food and water to these evacuees and the hundreds of thousands of people displaced around southern California.  Both Senator Boxer and I spoke to the Governor, and he has declared a seven-county disaster area. Yesterday the President declared southern California a disaster area to be able to speed the Federal Emergency Management Agency's relief, which is critical.  This is going to be a real test of FEMA. We are going to learn whether FEMA actually learned from the hurricane in New Orleans, a test of whether FEMA has gotten its act together post-Katrina.  FEMA must act quickly and urgently to get help to California. The State is going to need cots; it is going to need blankets; it is going to need water, food, and, most importantly, those sanitary facilities that are needed for the people who are camping out today, sleeping in cars, located in schools, or in Qualcomm Stadium.  Most importantly, this help has to be spread throughout the 14 different fire areas. It is not going to be enough to simply put it in one place.  Last night, the Secretary of the Interior informed me that the fires have crossed the line and are entering into Baja California, Mexico, and urged Mexican authorities to begin to speak out.  These fires are fast moving. You see them at a distance on a hill, and you do not believe you will be affected because the winds are contrary to what you expect. Then, suddenly, within a short period of time, 2 hours, the fire is upon you.  So people must be alert, and they must evacuate these fire areas. The military is pitching in. Fifteen hundred National Guard personnel are actively engaged or directly supporting firefighting efforts. We have 550 Active-Duty marines, 17,000 California National Guard personnel are available. I believe we have more than 5,300 State of California firefighters on the line, and hundreds more from local jurisdictions. Today, a combination of National Guard, Navy and Marine Corps aircraft, are either supporting firefighter efforts or are prepared to pitch in.  The problem is, with the wind and dense smoke, it is difficult for a plane or helicopter to know where they are going. Simply put, this is a disaster of huge proportions. It is catastrophic in terms of property loss and environmental damage.  Hopefully, it is not going to be a huge catastrophe in terms of loss of life. I do not think there is anything other than a catastrophic health incident that is more serious to a person or family than losing their home by flood or fire.  I know Californians will respond in their traditional stalwart and generous manner to help their neighbors. Both Senator Boxer's and my heart go out to all Californians today.  I ask unanimous consent that the specific statistical roundup of these larger fires be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Here is a roundup of the larger fires:       San Diego: Witch Fire (NE S.D. County, near Santa Ysabel,      burning toward Ramona and Julian)--Acres burned: 145,000;      containment: 0%; residents evacuated: 100,000+; structures      destroyed: 500 homes, 100 commercial properties; structures      threatened: 2,000 homes, 400 commercial properties;      firefighters: 625; injuries: none reported.       San Diego: Harris Fire (SE S.D. County, 75 miles east of      downtown San Diego near the Mexican border)--Acres burned:      22,000; containment: 5%; residents evacuated: 1,000+;      firefighters: 400; deaths--injuries: 1 man killed, 5      firefighters and 20 civilians injured.       Malibu: Canyon Fire (Burning toward Pepperdine University      and Pacific Ocean)--Acres burned: 3,800; containment: 10%;      residents evacuated: 1,500; structures destroyed: 6 homes, 1      church; structures threatened: 600; firefighters: 1,500;      injuries: none.       Agua Dulce--Santa Clarita: Buckweed Fire (Mint Canyon area,      burning toward Magic Mountain)--Acres burned: 35,550;      containment: 20%; residents evacuated: 15,000; structures      destroyed: 15 homes, 17 outbuildings; structures threatened:      3,800; firefighters: 1,200; injuries: 1 firefighter and 3      residents.       Orange County: Santiago Fire (Silverado Canyon, burning      toward Portola Springs and Northwood village of Irvine)--     Acres burned: 15,000 acres; containment: 30%; structures      destroyed: 1 outbuilding; structures threatened: 2,000;      residents evacuated: unk.; firefighters: 492.       Lake Arrowhead: Slide and Grass Valley Fires (Green Valley      Lake and Lake Gregory)--Acres burned: 1,800; containment: 0%;      structures lost: at least 450 homes; structures threatened:      1,900; firefighters: 82 engines, 7 hand crews.  