 President, yesterday we lost a man who was the heart and soul of the great San Francisco 49er teams of the 1980s. Bill Walsh was a great coach and a fine friend.  I rise today with Senator Boxer to introduce a resolution to honor the life and career of a pioneer in the field of football, a true leader and teacher, and a dedicated husband, father and friend.  He touched so many in the bay area. He led the 49ers to three Super Bowls. And he gave this city a shot in the arm in some of its darkest hours.  I became mayor in 1978. Bill Walsh became head coach in 1979, after honing his skills at Stanford.  Many forget that the 49ers before Bill Walsh were an unremarkable team. They hadn't made the playoffs in years. The team was filled with journeymen.  San Francisco was a baseball town, and football played second fiddle.  But just 2 years later in the 1981 season Bill Walsh led the 49ers on an improbable run to a Super Bowl victory.  Led by a quarterback named Montana, these 49ers played an exciting new brand of football.  Only later would we discover that Bill Walsh had revolutionized the game--he transformed smash-mouth football into the elegant ``West Coast Offense.''  And this team became the stuff of legends. The players became household names. Montana. Rice. Lott. Clark. Young.  Even the plays became mythical. Who can forget ``The Catch''?  And Cinderella became a powerhouse and a powerhouse became a dynasty.  I look back on that time with great fondness.  One of the photos that I treasure most is in my home in Washington.  It was the parade after the first Super Bowl victory. Bill and Eddie DeBartolo and I were sitting on the rim of a car. We were worried that no one would show up. Some said that San Francisco doesn't do parades.  And then we turned down Market Street. And there were a million plus San Franciscans lining the streets.  I will never forget that moment.  Bill Walsh meant so much to this city.  He made the 49ers great at a point when the city needed it most.  The city was fragmented and divided in the early 1980s. Mayor George Moscone had been assassinated a few years earlier. There were riots. And there was little to bring us together.  But on Sundays, the differences melted away. The tensions diminished. The anxieties subsided.  There was nothing like Montana to Rice for an 80-yard touchdown. Nothing like a victory over the Los Angeles Rams. Nothing like a Super Bowl championship.  And on Mondays, after a victory, you would see a changed city. A little bit nicer, a little less mean.  So Bill Walsh brought this city together in ways that he, nor I, would ever really understand.  Football became the glue to bind this city together.  And during the 10 years I came to know Bill, I came to admire him, respect him, and love him.  And he made me, like so many others, a 49ers fan for life.  Bill Walsh, though, was more than a coach.  He was a leader. A mentor. A friend.  He didn't just revolutionize how football is played, but how it is coached and taught.  He believed, as I do, that the devil is in the details. And that you have to practice right to play right. He was the first to script the first 15 plays in a game.  And he didn't just coach men. He shaped them into good football players and good citizens.  His greatest skill may have been as a scout, identifying raw talent and sculpting it into masterpieces.  They said that Joe Montana didn't have a strong enough arm, that Jerry Rice wasn't fast enough, that Steve Young wasn't disciplined enough.  But Bill saw what other people missed. He saw the intangibles. He saw leadership. And work ethic. And character.  And there is no one who wouldn't want a Bill Walsh-coached player on their team.  Bill was a mentor as well. He wanted his players and coaches to fulfill their potential more than anyone. He encouraged them to spread their wings and go out on their own.  And you can see the results, more than half the coaches in the league have been in some way touched by Bill Walsh--either directly like Seattle Seahawk's Coach Mike Holmgren or Indianopolis Colts' Coach Tony Dungy or indirectly, by the second and third generation coaches who may not have coached or played under Bill, but are teaching his offense nonetheless.  But I think what we will miss most is not Bill Walsh the coach, but Bill Walsh the person.  He was decent, and good, and kind.  Sure, he was tough. In football, just as in public life, you have to be.  But he was fair. He expected his players and coaches to spend the time and effort it takes to be great. But he did not expect anything from them that he was not prepared to give himself.  Bill once said, ``Playing to one's full potential is the only purpose of playing at all.''  The good news is that Bill fulfilled his purpose. He played to his full potential in everything he did.  I know I speak for all San Francisco when I say that this is a sad day. He will truly be missed.  Bill Walsh may have been called a ``Genius'' when it comes to football, but his legacy goes well beyond the Xs and Os.  He touched this city, and we owe him a debt that can never be repaid.  