 President. The amendment I am seeking to bring up is a bill that has been reported out of the Judiciary Committee, and essentially what it would do is ensure the confirmation of all U.S. attorneys by the Senate.  What happened was that in 2006, an amendment went into the PATRIOTAct that allowed the administration to appoint an interim U.S. attorney indefinitely without confirmation. In the early part of this year, I believe it was on January 6, I learned that six U.S. attorneys had been called and summarily told they were to resign effective a specific date in January. I was told by the person who gave me the information that there was something suspicious about that. I didn't know, so I began to look into it.  Well, I received a new story today about one of those U.S. attorneys, and if I might, I will read it to this body. It is an article by Marisa Taylor of the McClatchy Newspapers:       The U.S. Attorney from New Mexico who was recently fired by      the Bush administration said Wednesday that he believes he      was forced out because he refused to rush an indictment in an      ongoing probe of local Democrats a month before November's      congressional elections.       David Iglesias said two Members of Congress separately      called in mid October to inquire about the timing of an      ongoing probe of a kickback scheme and appeared eager for an      indictment to be issued on the eve of the elections in order      to benefit the Republicans. He refused to name the Members of      Congress because he said he feared retaliation.       Two months later, on December 7, Iglesias became one of six      U.S. Attorneys ordered to step down for what administration      officials have termed ``performance-related issues.'' Two      other U.S. Attorneys also have been asked to resign.       Iglesias, who received a positive performance review before      he was fired, said he suspected he was forced out because of      his refusal to be pressured to hand down an indictment on the      ongoing probe:       I believe that because I didn't play ball, so to speak, I      was asked to resign, said Iglesias, who officially stepped      down on Wednesday.       Iglesias acknowledged that he had no proof that the      pressure from the congressional members prompted his forced      resignation, but he said the contact in and of itself      violated one of the most important tenets of a U.S.      Attorney's Office: Don't mix politics with prosecutions. The      article goes on.  Now this is only one element of this story. The matter has been the subject of a hearing in the Judiciary Committee. Legislation is ready to come before the floor. I have introduced it as an amendment. We approved it in the Judiciary Committee with a bipartisan vote. I think the time has come to do two things. One would be for the Judiciary Committee--and I hope it will, and I believe the chairman of the Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and The Courts, Senator Schumer, is interested in doing this--to issue subpoenas to have these U.S. attorneys come before the Committee to answer questions about how their demanded resignations took place.  Generally, a U.S. attorney is appointed for a term of four years, but serves at the pleasure of the President. If he wants to fire them he can. However, U.S. attorneys have very complicated and very difficult cases and I believe they must have some level of independence. The FBI, as we have heard in our oversight hearings, has raised the level of public corruption in their investigations.  So if the FBI investigates a case and comes up with the evidence, a U.S. attorney is obviously bound to prosecute that case. How this affects David Iglesias, I don't know. But the fact that these people all had very good performance reviews causes me a great concern. I wish to read from those performance reviews.  The performance review for John McKay of the Western District of Washington says:       ``McKay is an effective, well-regarded and capable leader      of the [U.S. attorney's office] and the District's law      enforcement community,'' according to the team of 27 Justice      Department officials.  David Iglesias, about whom I read the news story, of the District of New Mexico, got this performance review:       The [U.S. Attorney] had a highly effective firearms      violence initiative and active and effective program to      address drug trafficking.  Daniel Bogden, District of Nevada:       United States Attorney Bogden was highly regarded by the      federal judiciary, the law enforcement and civil client      agencies, and the staff of the United States Attorney's      Office. He was a capable leader of the [office].  Bud Cummins, who many of us know, in the Eastern District of Arkansas:       The U.S. Attorney had an active, well managed anti-     terrorism program . . . The Project Safe Neighborhoods      initiatives were being effectively implemented and      successfully managed.  Carol Lam, Southern District of California, including San Diego, whom I am very familiar with:       Carol Lam was an effective manager and respected leader in      the District . . . Appropriate management procedures and      practices were in place to ensure a quality written work      product.  These are some of the snippets from the reviews. But clearly, the performance of these U.S. attorneys was not a reason to fire them.  I truly believe what the Department of Justice intended to do was what they did in the Eastern District of Arkansas--bring in bright, young Republican political operatives to assume these roles to give them a leg up and fire or require the resignation of these U.S. attorneys.  When I began to inquire into it, I asked whether interviews for replacements were taking place within these offices, particularly in San Diego. At that time, no one in the office was being interviewed as a replacement. Since these hearings have begun, individuals within the office have been interviewed. In fact, one has been appointed to fill in for former U.S. Attorney Carol Lam.  I truly believe there was an effort to use this section of the PATRIOT Act reauthorization to bring political operatives into these offices, and I think it is a matter of urgency for us to pass the legislation that was marked up by the Judiciary Committee. Absent that, there is no recourse, other than to issue subpoenas, to have these former U.S. attorneys come before the committee and be able to ask them some hard questions.  I think when a U.S. attorney who has served, and served well, is summarily dismissed for no real reason, it is a problem. We all know the U.S. attorney in San Diego brought the prosecution of a Member of the House of Representatives who is serving consequential time for major felonies and had subpoenas outstanding for other Members of the House and was summarily told in December that she should resign--in this case--by the end of January. That is not right.  So the only way I know to right the wrong is to restore the law to where it was before the PATRIOT Act reauthorization. That law is this amendment and the amendment is very simple. It simply says that the Attorney General may appoint an interim U.S. attorney to a vacancy for 120 days. After 120 days, if a nominee has not been confirmed by the Senate, the district court in the district where the vacancy exists can make an appointment. This provides the incentive for the administration to move a nominee. I should say there are 13 vacancies, of which only 3 nominees have presently been sent to the Senate. If you combine those 13 vacancies with the seven new vacancies, then over 20 percent of the U.S. attorney positions could be filled without Senate confirmation if we assume the intent was not to send a nominee to the Senate. Of course, the administration will decry this and say that is not the case. Nonetheless, there were 13 vacancies and now seven new vacancies with only 3 nominees before the Judiciary Committee for review and for approval by the full Senate.  If the law is left as it is, any Attorney General or President could essentially appoint every single U.S. attorney as an interim U.S. attorney, not subject to confirmation. If you consider the work of the U.S. attorneys--the public corruption, the major narcotics cases, the immigration cases, the complicated Federal law they carry out--I think every Member of this body would believe that confirmation by the Senate for every U.S. attorney should be assured. This amendment will carry that forward.  I was shocked to read about David Iglesias. I don't know whether it is accurate. I know it appeared in the news. Based on that, he has said he believes he was forced out for a political reason. There is only one way to find out, and that is for the Judiciary Committee to issue subpoenas, have these U.S. attorneys come before us, and ask a number of hard questions.  I am hopeful this body will see fit to pass this amendment. It is simple, short, direct, and it solves the problem.  I yield the floor.  