  This amendment provides nearly $5 billion for rural schools, counties and communities through 2012--crucial to California's rural counties, which face a devastating loss in Federal funding.  Last Thursday, March 22, my colleagues and I on the Senate Appropriations Committee approved the inclusion of $425 million in emergency appropriations to fund the Secure Rural Schools program for 1 year in the emergency supplemental--helping to immediately address the pending budget crisis confronting over 700 counties in 39 States, including my State of California.  This emergency funding adds $425 million to the $100 million available from the 25 percent of receipts that compensate counties for reductions in timber harvest on public lands.  However, our counties should not have to rely on emergency funding year after year and be faced with such uncertainty.  We must provide our rural counties with a stable funding stream so that they are not in the same dire situation next year and can plan for the future.  This amendment, supported by the National Association of County Officials, the National Forest Counties and Schools Coalition, and the National Education Association, would maintain a safety net for counties while gliding down funding in a predictable manner so counties can fiscally prepare for the future.  Specifically, this amendment would provide $2.8 billion in funding over 5 years for a multiyear extension of the Secure Rural Schools Program. It would also provide $1.9 billion to fund the Payment in Lieu of Taxes, PILT, Program for 5 years, from 2008 through 2012. This program compensates States for the loss of tax revenue from Federal lands in the State. It would also provide funding beyond fiscal year 2007 to be fully paid for by a combination of tax offsets.  In addition, it would provide California, Oregon, and Washington with additional transition funding in the early years to minimize the effects of the overall decline of the total authorization level to $379 million in 2011 under the Secure Rural Schools Program. 