 223, which was reported unanimously by the Rules Committee on March 28. Senator Alexander objected on behalf of a Republican Senator. As a result, the bill remains in limbo. To this date, that Republican Senator has declined to come forward to say why the bill should not become law.  This is such a simple, direct bill with respect to transparency. It is an idea whose time has long come. It is very hard for us to understand who could oppose this good government bill and what their reason for opposing it could be.  After last week's roadblock halted passage, the minority leader's spokesman told the Washington Post:       Senators are now reviewing the bill in anticipation of      legislative action.  We would hope that review is complete. We could now get down to business and today, by unanimous consent, just as we did in the Rules Committee, pass this bill, send it to the House, and have it become law. At our hearing on March 14 and our markup on March 28, it was clear there was no public opposition whatsoever to this bill. It is really time for the Senate to act.  The bill is titled the ``Senate Campaign Disclosure Parity Act.'' It is sponsored by Senators Feingold and Cochran and 33 additional Senators. It would simply require that the Senate campaign finance reports be filed electronically rather than in paper format, just as everyone else is doing now.  Currently, House candidates, Presidential candidates, political action committees, and party committees are all required to file electronically. And they do. But Senators, Senate candidates, authorized campaign committees, and the Democratic and Republican senatorial campaign committees are exempt. As a result, we have a cumbersome system in which paper copies of disclosure reports are filed with the Senate Office of Public Records, which scans them to make an electronic copy and sends the copy to the FEC on a dedicated communications line. The FEC then prints the report and sends it to the vendor in Fredericksburg, VA, where the information is keyed in by hand and then transferred back to the FEC database at a cost of approximately $250,000 to the taxpayers. This is $250,000 which is needlessly spent to continue an archaic system. It is long past time to bring the Senate into the modern era.  I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to let this bill go today.  I yield the floor to the author of the bill, the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin.  