 President, many years ago, exactly 6, Senator Snowe and I began this effort. Prior to that time--and I give credit to Senators Dick Bryan and Slade Gorton, who began this effort back in 1993 with me. We tried to do a sense of the Senate. We didn't succeed. Then Senator Snowe and I did the SUV loophole closer, and we didn't succeed. Then suddenly the times changed and we had introduced this bill in committee. Both the chairman, Senator Inouye, the ranking member, Senator Stevens, and the Commerce Committee allowed us to come before them and ply our troth of this bill. And we did. The Commerce Committee unanimously passed out the bill. That was in itself a stellar moment.  Then there was the House and there was the negotiation with Representative Dingell and others. A bill finallyemerged--a lot of trial, a lot of tribulation. But I owe a great deal to Senator Snowe. I want her to know that. I thank her for her solidarity, for her intelligence, for working with me over these past 6 years. It has been a wonderful bipartisan relationship and one I will treasure.  I also thank Senator Inouye as chairman of the committee and Senator Stevens, Senators Cantwell, Kerry, Carper, Dorgan, and my pal and friend, Senator Boxer.  We had some great staff from my office. I thank them: John Watts, Matt Nelson, my LD, Chris Thompson, who participated in much of the negotiations. But I also give kudos to a member of Senator Inouye's Commerce Committee staff, and his name is David Strickland. David Strickland knows more about automobiles than most people all put together in this Chamber. There may be a few exceptions, but I have never met anyone who knows more about the automobile. He conducted the negotiations with the House and worked very late hours. I want him to know how much his talent, his technical expertise is appreciated.  I see Senator Carper. I think I mentioned him. We had many conversations over the recess on the bill. I thank him for his support and for his commitment to this bill.  This is not an easy bill to do because we know we have automobile producers in this country, and we know these companies have problems. Yet we also know time is marching on and the need to move fuel efficiency, which has not happened for 32 years, is important if we are going to solve the problems of climate change. This is a first big step.  Transportation is about a third of our greenhouse gas emissions. By 2025, this bill will reduce these emission from automobiles by about 18 percent from projected levels. It is about, by 2020, a 40-percent increase in mileage of automobiles. So it is important.  Oh, there is so much we do in this Chamber that is minutiae and often unrewarded. Once in a great while, you participate in the making of a bill which can change how things are done in the country. Once in a while, we all together can make a difference, and that happens when it is bipartisan. This bill was bipartisan. For that, I am very grateful.  So for all those who fought the good fight, who talked and walked the march, I say thank you. I think we have achieved something that is major, that is real, and that will greatly improve the situation. It may not be perfect, but the perfect, as they say, should not be the enemy of the good.  I also pay tribute and thank Senator Levin and Senator Stabenow. I know this is difficult, and I know how I would feel. I also believe the greater good of the United States is served by this legislation and, after all, that is all of our objectives.  I look forward to working with everyone in the future. It is a very happy evening for me. I thank everyone very much.  