 It is cosponsored by the Senator from Texas, Mr. Cornyn, as well as Senators Lautenberg, Hutchison, Boxer, Schumer, Clinton, Obama, Menendez, Kerry, Coburn, and Casey. Essentially, what this amendment does is provide that more funds will go to States and localities based on risk, threat, and vulnerability.  As you know, Madam President, the 9/11 Commission in their 25th recommendation said, ``Homeland security assistance should be based strictly on an assessment of risk andvulnerabilities.'' ``And Federal homeland security assistance should not remain a program for general revenue sharing.''  In current law, 40 percent of the money goes to a guaranteed minimum allocation--in other words, revenue sharing--and 60 percent is allocated based only on risk and effectiveness. The Lieberman-Collins bill--and I thank them--changes that. Twenty-four percent of the money goes to satisfy this minimum revenue-sharing requirement, and 76 percent is allocated on risk and effectiveness. That is a major step forward. There is no question about that. However, Senator Cornyn and I and our cosponsors believe that in this day and age, we have to give more money to risk, vulnerability, and threat. Therefore, the formula we present in this amendment will give 87.5 percent of the dollars based on risk and effectiveness, regardless of where that risk and effectiveness is, and 13 percent will go to satisfy guaranteed minimum allocation.  The second point I wish to make is that 35 States would benefit under this amendment: Alabama, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, and Wisconsin.  I believe this is the right way to allocate homeland security dollars.  Do you have the risk? Is there a threat? The President, in his State of the Union Message, mentioned how a threat and a terrorist plot against the tallest building on the west coast was eradicated. That tallest building on the west coast is shown in this picture. It happens to be the Library Tower building in Los Angeles--now under a new name, but nonetheless ``Library Tower'' is its historic name. This is the largest tower on the west coast. There was reportedly a second strike by al-Qaida devoted to the west coast. So it seems to me that if there is this kind of a threat, the money should go where the threat is.  States such as New York, California, and Texas have vast infrastructures. Terrorists go where the hit is going to be greatest, where the infrastructure is--big ports, big petroleum reserves, big buildings, big congregations of people--and where they can do the most psychological damage.  So we feel very strongly that this money should have an even stronger formula that puts money where the risk and threat actually are.  I do wish to correct one thing. Someone on the floor, and I don't know who, but somebody said Washington, DC, would receive less money under this amendment. We do not alter the risk-based distribution of the Urban Area Security Initiative Funds--which are called, in the vernacular of Washington, UASIF--and that comprises the lion's share of homeland security preparedness received in our Capital. Washington received nearly $50 million in UASIF funds last year alone. So we do not believe Washington would be negatively affected.  I know Senator Lautenberg wishes to come to the Chamber to speak. May I inquire how many minutes of the 13 I have remaining?  