 President, I remember well the day I saw the letter from Admiral McConnell. I believe the day was July 24. That is not a long time ago. But it was a kind of wake-up call to us. Because what that letter says in essence is he believes the United States is vulnerable, and he believes we need to move quickly to change FISA.  From an intelligence point of view, many of us believe the chatter is up. It is not necessarily well defined, but during the 9/11 period, this is clearly a period of heightened vulnerability. Therefore, what Admiral McConnell wants to do is be able to better collect foreign intelligence. I very much respect what has happened. I respect the bill that was put together on the Democratic side, and I respect the bill that was put together on the Republican side, which is the McConnell bill on that side.  The Senator from Wisconsin might be interested to know that some of us just met with Admiral McConnell, particularly to discuss Senator Feingold's concern. There is a different point of view. A U.S. citizen in Europe is, in fact, covered. A U.S. citizen in Europe, the minimization under certain specific laws, not FISA, but precisely 12333 point something, which I cannot remember at the present time, comes into play. That U.S. citizen is subject to a warrant from the court.  This is a temporary bill. It is to fill a gap. The court has done something which has said that what has existed for decades with respect to the collection of foreign intelligence now cannot exist under the present law, and we need to change that law.  It is my intention to vote for both bills. The reason I will vote for both bills is to see that some bill acquires the 60 votes to get passed tonight. We are going out of session. There is no time. I think this is unfortunate. I received the Democratic bill about 20 minutes ago. I went into the leader's office, tried to sit down and get briefed. Up to this point I still don't understand it. I spent all afternoon on the McConnell bill. I am just beginning to understand the subtleties in it and the other laws that come into play.  This is not going to be an easy vote for anyone. But what we have to think of right now is, on a temporary basis, how do we best protect the people of the United States against a terrible attack.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  