 My plea, and I know the Senator joins with me, is that the people of America will weigh in and say: Get this bill passed; that agricultural labor will weigh in, corn and citrus, potatoes, apples, wherever it is in the United States, wherever they need a consistent, legal workforce, will please weigh in and say to this body: Get that bill up and get it passed, and will say to the other body: Get that bill up and get it passed. Senator Craig and I have been coming to the floor from time to time to plead to give us time. I believe the majority leader will give us time--I am uncertain as to when, but I believe it is going to happen. My hope is that it happens sooner rather than later because the predictability is so important. Here we are, we are at the end of January, we are going into February. People are getting their loans to plant and that kind of thing, and they need to know they can deliver a crop. They need to know they can get the workforce to deliver that crop. So this is a huge issue economically for America and for the agricultural industry.  So I wish to say to the Senator from Idaho and to the Senator from Massachusetts, I thank them so much for their work on this issue. I wish that the Senator from Georgia would be with us on AgJOBS, because I believe it is the right way to go, and I believe his State--Georgia--will also be benefited by the H-2A reforms in the bill. For California, the H-2A reforms mean that this program, which hasn't been used by agriculture because it was so cumbersome, will now be used by agriculture. It, in effect, is the guest worker program. So passing AgJOBS secures a legal guest worker program for agriculture and also a path to legalization for those who have engaged in agricultural labor who will pay a fine, who will pay their taxes, who will commit to work in agricultural labor for another 3 years, thereby providing that consistent workforce.  So I very much hope that the day will not be far distant when the Senator from Idaho and I will be on the floor and will, hopefully, be able to mount a substantial vote for this important bill.  I thank the Chair.  