 It aims to bring the same goals of accountability and transparency of earmark reform to the most opaque of earmarks, and those are classified ones. The amendment prohibits any bill authorization or appropriation from containing an earmark in the classified portion of that bill or accompanying a report, unless there is unclassified language that describes in general terms the nature of the earmark. The amount of the earmark is disclosed and the sponsor of the earmark is identified.  We have cleared this with Senator Rockefeller and also, I believe, with Senator Bond, who requested a change that we have made.  This amendment would provide the public with the assurance that the classified parts of the defense and intelligence budgets--which are indeed large--are subjected to the same scrutiny and openness as everything else. The need for the amendment was made clear by the actions of former Congressman Duke Cunningham. According to a report by the House Intelligence Committee, Cunningham was able to enact a staggering $70 million to $80 million in classified earmarks over a 5-year period. These earmarks benefited his business partners and were not known to most Members of the Congress or the public.  The Washington Post, in a November 2006 editorial, pointed out:       Until the last decade or so, earmarks weren't permitted to      intelligence bills because of the absence of public scrutiny.  The Post also notes that Cunningham's earmarks could be the tip of the iceberg in terms of classified pork and corruption.  Under this amendment, the public can be assured that this cannot happen. In saying these words, I say them as a member of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence; I say them with the knowledge that these earmarks can be very large; I say them with the knowledge that this budget, which is known as a ``black budget'' and is considered by the Defense Subcommittee of Appropriations to be very difficult to get at, even by those of us who serve on both intelligence and defense appropriations. Senator Bond and I are in the process of suggesting a procedure to the chairman of the Defense Appropriations Committee, as well as the leadership, that might bring greater intelligence staff work to bear on the classified part that relates to intelligence of the defense bill.  This amendment is a very simple amendment. It simply says make as clear as possible, without jeopardizing national security, what the earmark is and provide transparency as to who is requesting the earmark. I don't think that is too much to ask. I do not believe it is going to in any way, shape, or form disrupt or change anything other than bring the light of day to classified earmarks.  I am prepared to ask for the yeas and nays. I ask the ranking member if he has looked at this amendment.  