 President, I rise today with Senator Craig and 14 of my colleagues in support of a resolution designating the week of March 12 through 17, 2007, as National Safe Place Week.  This resolution recognizes the participating businesses, community organizations, youth service agencies, and volunteers that are part of the YMCA National Safe Place Program and work for the safety and well being of at-risk youth.  Youth today face a growing amount of pressure in their daily lives at school, at home, and in the community. For some youth, problems include abuse or neglect at home, drug or alcohol addictions of family members and friends, trouble at school or dangerous situations on a date.  Young people who face these serious situations should not feel left alone and should have a place to go to in their community.  Over the past 24 years, the National Safe Place Program has provided immediate help to more than 200,000 youth in crisis at nearly 16,000 Safe Place locations and with counseling by phone.  This important program is currently operated by 140 agencies serving 700 communities in 40 States--bringing together the private and public sector to reach out and help at-risk youth who might be neglected, abused, threatened or in unsafe situations.  In my home State of California, there are nine designated Safe Place programs with 1,738 Safe Place sites located in over 65 communities which have served more than 5,000 youth.  National Safe Place sites include fast food restaurants, convenience stores, fire stations, schools, libraries, office buildings or even a city bus and are marked by large, yellow Safe Place signs displayed prominently in front windows.  In Fresno, CA, for example, city buses are all designated as Safe Places.  Any youth can walk into a Safe Place site and receive immediate help from a trained volunteer, and further help from a Safe Place staff person who can provide counseling, residential assistance or professional referrals, as needed.  The National Safe Place Week recognizes the commitment, resources, and energy of thousands of businesses, community organizations and volunteers who make this effective, growing network of support for youth possible. In addition, it seeks to increase awareness of the crises that youth face today.  I am encouraged by the National Safe Place Program's positive impact on communities throughout the Nation, and I hope that more communities will choose to participate in this innovative program.  The National Safe Place Program brings us closer to making our country safe for youth, and I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.  