  I wish to make a few comments on this bill and then introduce two amendments. These two amendments are very important to me because without them I am going to have a great deal of trouble voting for the final product. I say that as a predicate.  First, the general comments.  On December 16, 2005, the New York Times introduced the world to a secret NSA surveillance program, later dubbed the ``terrorist surveillance program,'' or TSP as it came to be known. This program, ordered by the President after September 11, 2001, was conducted in violation of U.S. law.  I have served on the Intelligence Committee for more than 6 years now and on the Judiciary Committee for almost 15 years, and I can tell you that NSA signals intelligence is an indispensable tool on the war on terror. No one should think there aren't people who would do us harm. The only way to wage this war on terror is to find them before they find us. At the same time, it is crucial to remember the history.  FISA was first enacted in 1978 in the wake of major civil rights abuses of foreign intelligence. The White House had authorized surveillance on Americans because of their political views--Martin Luther King, Joan Baez, and many others--a massive drift net collection of communications of U.S. citizens into and out of the United States. FISA was enacted to ensure such abuses would not occur again, and it has, in fact, safeguarded Americans' privacy rights for the past 30 years.  FISA requires court review and approval when surveillance is targeting a person inside this country. No content can be collected on an individual unless there is a warrant by the FISA Court.  As has been pointed out many times, changes in telecommunications technology and a change in the nature of our enemies have made updates to the 1978 FISA law necessary. New legislation is, in fact, needed to redraw the lines detailing when and where surveillance can take place and when a court warrant is required. That is what this debate is about and that is what the cloture vote just began.  To be clear, these modifications should not come at the expense of civil liberties protections that are enshrined in our Constitution. Today, in my view, it is clear that the administration made a big mistake in not using FISA in the first place. I have consistently said that I thought the terrorist surveillance program could be done under FISA. A FISA Court judge proved this correct earlier this year. If changes to FISA were needed to accomplish this surveillance, the administration should have requested those changes when we reauthorized the PATRIOT Act.  But, instead, the White House and Department of Justice relied on a new and aggressive interpretation of the President's article II authority under the Constitution, and a flawed argument that the authorization to grant military force use provided a statutory exemption to FISA. That was a big mistake. It is clear to me from the Office of Legal Counsel opinions that individuals in the Justice Department did not feel bound by established U.S. law, but proceeded under a new and expanded view of Presidential authority to move forward with the program.  With this bill, we can turn the page on a sad portion of our Nation's history. Both the Intelligence and the Judiciary bills will keep the terrorist surveillance program under FISA, and it will restore protections for America's privacy rights in ways that the Protect America Act does not. Let me give a few examples.  No. 1, this bill categorically requires an individualized warrant any time surveillance targets someone inside the United States. So the argument about a great drift net being cast across the United States, picking up tens of thousands of America's phone calls, simply is not correct. Targets outside the United States would be subject to a program warrant where the FISA Court reviews the targeting, in what are called minimization procedures.  No. 2, the FISA Court review must be involved any time the intelligence community is conducting surveillance on an American anywhere in the world. By that I mean any time a American is collected for content anywhere in the world, that individual becomes a target. Until now, the Attorney General has authorized, under section 2.5 of Executive Order 12333, surveillance of Americans outside the country. There has been no FISA Court review in these cases.  The numbers of Americans targeted overseas were between 50 and 60 cases last year, according to the DNI--last year being 2006. So the numbers are small, and reports are made anonymous through minimization, and only included if they contained foreign intelligence value.  No. 3, the bill puts the FISA Court review upfront, where it belongs, rather than 4 months after collection has begun, as was done under the Protect America Act. In other words, upfront the FISA Court reviews the minimization and approves that minimization, and can say to the Department: We want you to come back in 6 months or 8 months or 3 months, and we will take another look at it.  No. 4, procedures known as ``minimization'' are clearly defined and applied. This has been a hallmark of FISA for 30 years, but was not included in the Protect America Act. Once again, minimization is the process that the intelligence community has used since 1978 to protect information concerning Americans. When the NSA collects the content of communications, it does so to write intelligence reports. Minimization states that information without a foreign intelligence purpose is not used, and it cannot be retained indefinitely. It must be discarded at some point.  Intelligence reports that use information about an American are made anonymous, to protect that person's privacy rights. The bill requires that the minimization procedures used in each program be approved by the court upfront, so they go to the court first and they say this is what we want to do and these are the procedures we will use, and the court can affirm it or deny it. But it goes before a court.  If the amendments are adopted, the court will have the power to review how the minimization is being applied as well, so they will have constant review of the process.  No. 5, oversight mechanisms are stronger in this legislation. Reviews are required by inspectors general, agency heads, the FISA Court, and the Congress on how the surveillance authority is being used.  I wish to speak for a moment on the subject of telecom liability and then on exclusivity. If I might, I wish to do the exclusivity first.  On behalf of myself, Senator Rockefeller, Senator Leahy, and Senator Nelson, I send an amendment to the desk.  