 President, this morning, I heard my friend and colleague, Senator Brownback, on the floor speaking about the decision of the Supreme Court. He and I both chair the Senate's Cancer Coalition, so it has been a great pleasure for me to work with him. But we have very different views when it comes to a woman's right to choose, and I would like to rise today to express my concern and deep dismay regarding the Supreme Court's decision in the case of Gonzales v. Carhart.  This judgment today is a major strike against a woman's right to choose. The Court, in this case, by a narrow 5-to-4 margin, has essentially enacted the first Federal abortion ban in this country and has struck down a primary requirement of Roe v. Wade--protection of the health of a mother.  In her dissent, Justice Ginsburg wrote:       Today's decision is alarming. It refuses to take Casey and      Stenberg seriously. It tolerates, indeed applauds, Federal      intervention to ban nationwide a procedure found necessary      and proper in certain cases by the American College of      Obstetrics and Gynecologists. It blurs the line firmly drawn      in Casey between pre-viability and post- viability abortions.      And for the first time since Roe, the court blesses a      prohibition with no exception safeguarding a woman's health.  This is simply shocking. It is shocking because this can affect any second-trimester abortion.  Just 7 years ago, the Supreme Court struck down this very ban in Stenberg v. Carhart in the year 2000. It struck it down out of concern that it did not provide adequate protections for a woman's health and that the law enacted was too vague. The Federal courts, the Fifth and the Ninth Circuits, have all examined this and opposed it. No Federal Court has upheld this abortion ban until today.  Now, what has changed in the 7 years? The answer is nothing, except the composition of the Court. The additions of Chief Justice Roberts and Justice Alito have accomplished what the Bush administration has sought from its earliest days--a court willing to further restrict a woman's right to choose.  When they appeared before the Judiciary Committee during their confirmation hearings, both Chief Justice Roberts and Justice Alito affirmed their respect for stare decisis as preeminent and a controlling factor. In these hearings, Chief Justice Roberts said, and I quote:       People expect that the law is going to be what the court      has told them the law is going to be. And that's an important      consideration.  Justice Alito said, and I quote:       I've agreed, I think numerous times during these hearings,      that when a decision is reaffirmed, that strengthens its      value as stare decisis.  With Justice O'Connor no longer on the Court, the majority of Justices ignored what Senator Specter referred to as ``super precedent'' in these hearings.  As Justice Ginsburg points out:       The Court admits that ``moral concerns'' are at work,      concerns that could yield prohibitions on any abortions.  She continues:       Instead, the Court deprives women of the right to make an      autonomous choice, even at the expense of their safety. This      way of thinking reflects ancient notions about women's place      in the family and under the Constitution--ideas that have      long since been discredited.  The Court, now filled with Bush appointees, is replacing the judicial precedent that they promised to respect for their definition of morality. That is where I see us as being today. With this ruling, the Supreme Court has substituted the medical decisions of politicians for that of doctors.  In the Congressional findings of the legislation creating this ban, as well as the majority opinion of the Court, politicians and Justices decided what procedures are medically necessary and which are not. Justice Kennedy wrote, in today's majority decision, that the Court assumed the abortion ban would ``be unconstitutional if it subjected women to significant health risks.'' He goes on to declare ``safe medical options are available.''  However, doctors who perform these procedures disagree. The American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology, the group that represents more than 90 percent of all OB/GYN specialists in the country, assembled an expert panel that identified several specific instances in which this procedure, intact dilation and extraction, has meaningful safety advantages over other medical options.  The procedure is safer for women with serious underlying medical conditions, including liver disease, bleeding and clotting disorders, and compromised immune systems.  Experts also testified that this procedure is significantly safer for women carrying fetuses with certain abnormalities, including severe hydrocephalus. That is when the head fills with water and is very often larger than the body. In these rare and heartbreaking cases in which a woman learns that something has gone tragically wrong in a pregnancy she very much wanted, no woman should be forced to bear the added burden of undergoing a medical procedure that is not the safest option.  The decision today unquestionably breaks new ground. I am extremely concerned that this has opened the door to a further judicial interference in what should be private medical decisions made by women, their partners, their religious beliefs, and their doctors. With this decision, the Roberts Court is signaling a new willingness to uphold additional restrictions on abortion, even those that do not expressly protect a woman's health. This is dangerous.  The Roberts Court has also opened the door for a major change in how it will determine whether a law unconstitutionally restricts a woman's rights. Generally, laws have been struck down when they are unconstitutional on their face, because if a law is unconstitutional for 10 people or 10 million people, then it should not stand. The Court is turning that analysis on its head. The Court's opinion today says it may uphold laws, even when they may be unconstitutional.  This means that in the future a woman could be put in an untenable situation. A woman facing a health crisis needs to act within days or weeks but instead would need to depend on the legal system. Let me give you an example.  A woman learns her pregnancy has gone tragically wrong and her health is at risk. She is told by the doctor that there exists a medical procedure that would help her, but it is banned. The alternatives will risk her health.  She has to go to court and argue that her constitutional rights, in this specific instance, have been violated.  We all know the wheels of justice spin slowly. It is doubtful the system could respond in a timely manner to a woman in this kind of crisis. If she can prove her case, she might be allowed to have the procedure, but the ban itself would still remain in place, requiring the next woman in a similar situation to have to successfully demonstrate that the law is unconstitutional. This is amazing. The Court, in effect, is requiring that women's health be at risk until it deems enough women have demonstrated the negative impact of the law on them. Requiring this type of legal challenge to any restriction on abortion will impact women in the most vulnerable situations.  I would like, for a moment, to quote Justice Ginsburg. She points out:       Those views, this Court made clear in Casey, ``are no      longer consistent with our understanding of the family, the      individual, or the Constitution.'' . . . Women, it is now      acknowledged, have the talent, capacity, and right ``to      participate equally in the social life of this Nation.''  In this, incidentally, she is quoting Sandra Day O'Connor in places in an earlier decision.       Their ability to realize their full potential, the Court      recognized, is intimately connected to ``their ability to      control their reproductive lives.'' . . . Thus, legal      challenges to undue restrictions on abortion procedures do      not seek to vindicate some generalized notion of privacy;      rather, they center on a woman's autonomy to determine her      life's course, and thus to enjoy equal citizenship stature.       In keeping with this comprehension of the right to      reproductive choice, the Court has consistently required that      laws regulating abortion, at any stage of pregnancy and in      all cases, safeguard a woman's health.  This is now out the window. It is monumental.  In conclusion, I remember what it was like when abortion was illegal in America. It was when I was a college student at Stanford. I watched the passing of the plate to collect money so young women could go to Tijuana for an abortion. I knew a woman who ended her life because she was pregnant. In the 1960s, while abortion was still illegal, as a member of the California Board of Terms and Parole, I sentenced women convicted of illegally performing abortions. I saw the morbidity that they caused by their procedures. It was barbaric in those days. So I am very concerned with this ruling.  The Court is taking the first major step back to these days of 30, 40 years ago. Young women today have not had these experiences. They have lived only in an era in which the Court recognized their autonomy, their right to make their own medical decisions. If I were a young woman today, I would be incredibly concerned that this era is drawing to a close. The threat on reproductive freedom is no longer theoretical. Today it is very real. All those who care about protecting a woman's right to privacy should take notice and make their voices heard.  I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  