 President, I rise today in support of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2007.  The bill before us today would authorize an increase in Federal funding for the operation and development of passenger rail services, reauthorize Amtrak for an additional 6 years, and provide much needed reform of the Nation's rail system.  This legislation makes an important first step to establish high-speed rail systems throughout the United States.  A strong national rail system provides Americans with a practical transportation alternative, helps to alleviate traffic congestion on our Nation's highways and reduces harmful greenhouse gas emissions.  This legislation would also require an increase in financial and operation transparency and accountability at Amtrak, reduce Federal operating subsidies, and improve train performance and customer service.  Today, Amtrak serves nearly 25 million riders each year at more than 500 stations across 46 States.  Amtrak is also one of the Nation's largest providers of contracted commuter service for State and regional authorities. Over 60 million commuters in California, Maryland, Connecticut, Washington, and Virginia take Amtrak to work each year.  California's partnership with Amtrak represents the largest State-supported passenger rail program in the United States. Each day, Amtrak operates approximately 70 intercity trains and 100 commuter trains in California.  Amtrak's corridors in California are also among the busiest in the Nation, with more than 10 million Californians boarding Amtrak during fiscal year 2006.  The Pacific Surfliner service from San Diego through Los Angeles is the second busiest corridor in the United States with over 2.5 million riders in 2006.  The Capitol Corridor service between Sacramento and San Jose is the third most traveled corridor in the country with over 1 million riders in 2006.  Home to two of the Nation's top five most congested cities in the United States, my home State of California understands the importance of viable travel alternatives.  Passenger rail services have helped ease highway congestion, reduce automobile emissions and improve the State's air quality.  California is well ahead of the curve on developing a transportation system that has low environmental impact yet meets the growing needs of the California economy.  But there is still much more work to be done.  It is expected that California's population will grow to more than 50 million people by 2030.  California would need to build about 3,000 additional lane-miles on intercity highways and over 90 new gates and five new airport runways to serve the expected population in 2030.  The State of California and the California High-Speed Rail Authority are working to develop a high-speed rail system which would stretch from San Francisco, Oakland and Sacramento in the north, to Los Angeles and San Diego in the south.  With trains operating at speeds up to 220 mph, the travel time from downtown San Francisco to Los Angeles would be just under 2\1/2\ hours.  As envisioned, California's high-speed train system could accommodate nearly 120 million passengers annually by 2030.  This state-of-the-art rail system would take millions of cars off the road, ease traffic congestion, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and allow people to travel faster, safer and more comfortably.  To move our great Nation into the next era of modern, efficient, environmentally friendly transportation, all levels of public and private finances and resources must be brought to bear. This legislation is an important first step.  Investment in America's passenger rail system is important for California. It is important for this Nation. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this legislation.  