 To me, the word ``comprehensive'' means fixing a broken system. The system is broken in many different directions.  In one direction, every year, year in, year out, 700,000 to 800,000 people cross the border looking for hope, opportunity, work, or to reunite with family. They come into this country in an illegal status, and they disappear. There is a portion of our economy that welcomes immigrant labor. They are able to find work. They are able to hide. They are able to falsify documents.  I have personally gone to Alvarado Street in Los Angeles and seen where, in 20 minutes, you can obtain a green card, a driver's license, a Social Security card. You cannot tell the difference between a real and a fraudulent document. The border is broken in that we cannot protect it.  Secondly, it is estimated that 40 percent of the people here illegally are visa overstays. Some go back after awhile. Some never go back. What does this constitute? It constitutes a silent amnesty because these people exist in America. They are able to work in America. Most are never found by authorities. Those who are found are similar to the Munoz family in San Diego.  A few weeks ago, a mother and a father were deported in the middle of the night. They have three American children, the oldest of which is 16. They own their home. They both work. They own their furniture. In the middle of the night, Immigration Naturalization Service comes in, picks up the parents and deports them. This is an actual case--the house is gone, the furniture is gone, the three children are living with an aunt in San Diego. Why? Because they could be found, or because perhaps somebody reported them, but they could be found. But the dominant number of people here illegally cannot be found.  What this bill tries to do is fix the broken border. We fix it with infrastructure. We say this new infrastructure, whether it is UAVs or vehicle barriers or fencing, has to be in place before anything else is done. The bill mandates $4.4 billion upfront in spending for border enforcement. This money will be used to carry out the enforcement triggers. That is one part of the fix.  A second part of the fix----  