 President, there have been a variety of proposals for what has been called an Office of Public Integrity. The Senate voted 67 to 30 against one such proposal last year. Last time, Senators Johnson and Voinovich, the chairs of the Ethics Committee, stood in opposition. This time, the new chairs of the Ethics Committee, Senators Boxer and Cornyn, stand in opposition.  I recognize the strong interest inthis issue, especially by SenatorsLieberman, Collins, Obama, Feingold, McCain, and others. I have spoken with Senator Obama about it. I have assured him that we would hold a hearing in the Rules Committee and that we would take a look at this proposal and what might or might not be done.  I will vote against this amendment, and I will see that the Rules Committee and the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hold these hearings. They will focus on these proposals and ways of strengthening ethics enforcement in the Senate.  Let me say this now. I do believe we need to take great care in how we do this. Yes, we need to reassure the public that those who run afoul of the Senate rules will be held accountable. But we must make sure this does not simply become a new tool used by political opponents who would seek to manipulate the political process by filing false claims. You can be sure that the minute a claim becomes public, without any verification as to its veracity, and is released to the public, that claim will be a 30-second spot in someone's campaign. That is not what we are about.  We have to also ensure that we do not create an office--with a special prosecutor bound and determined to justify his or her existence by creating an atmosphere of ongoing investigation--that will cost taxpayers millions of dollars. The Constitution provides:       Each House of Congress may determine the Rules of its      Proceedings, punish its Members for disorderly Behavior, and,      with the Concurrence of two thirds, expel a Member.  Our Founders knew the importance of this and placed it in article I.  The challenge we face right now is how to do it right and ensure that the tough ethics rules we are putting in place will be vigorously overseen and enforced.  I urge a ``no'' vote.  