 President, there could be a straightforward explanation for this e-mail that has nothing to do with public corruption cases Carol Lam was pursuing. However, the timing looks really suspicious and it raises serious questions, questions that need to be answered. Because if any U.S. attorney were removed because of a public corruption investigation or prosecution, this could very well comprise obstruction of justice.  I believe that irrespective of the intent behind the decision to fire Carol Lam and the other U.S. attorneys working on public corruption cases, such a removal sends a message to all other Federal prosecutors, whether intended or not, that creates a chilling effect. Because of this, there should have been very careful consideration given to what steps should have been taken to ensure it was clear there was good reason to remove the prosecutor, that the office itself had a comprehensive plan in place to ensure no cases or investigations would be harmed or slowed in any way and that ongoing public corruption cases had absolutely nothing to do with the removal of the U.S. attorney.  However, in the case of Carol Lam and in the case of five other U.S. attorneys, the administration failed to meet even these bare minimum standards. I strongly believe that removal of a United States attorney who is involved in an ongoing public corruption case should occur only--only if there is a very good reason, and not simply ``we could do better.''  Because of the public corruption cases and allegations that individuals were removed to put in politically connected young lawyers, another issue that must be examined is the appearance of politics impacting how U.S. attorneys are treated and what that means for the prosecution of justice.  As was reported in the McClatchy newspapers, former Federal prosecutors and defense lawyers have said:       Allegations of political interference could undermine the      reputation of U.S. attorneys as impartial enforcers of the      law.  And, yes, I really agree with that.  One former Federal prosecutor said:       One of the things the Department has stood for was being      apolitical. Sure, politics does get involved in the      appointment process, but this is just nuts.  He is right. Yes, appointees are selected and nominated by the party in power. But once an individual U.S. attorney takes that oath of office, he or she must be independent, objective, and must be free to pursue justice wherever the facts lead.  Bruce Fein, the former Associate Deputy Attorney General for theReagan administration, said in an interview last week:       [W]e expect the rule of law to be administered      evenhandedly. That's what ties our country together and gives      legitimacy to decisions by the court and to the government      itself. When it's obvious that the prosecution function is      being manipulated for political purposes, that undermines the      entire rule of law.  In defending its actions, administration officials and others have tried to argue that both Presidents Reagan and Clinton fired all 93 U.S. attorneys when they came into office, and that is no different than what occurred in December. Right?  Wrong. 