 President, I rise today in support of this resolution that would designate the month of September as ``National Passport Month.''  Travel book publishers, along with travel editors from some of the most prestigious media outlets in the United States and many student travel organizations, have designated September as ``National Passport Month'' as part of a campaign to educate the public about the importance of having a passport.  This resolution supports the goals and ideals of ``National Passport Month'' and calls on the Federal Government, States, schools, businesses and the people of the United States to observe the month of September with programs and activities that will encourage Americans to get their passports and see the world.  Since 2000, the number of passport applications received by the U.S. State Department has increased by 66 percent. This year, the State Department is expected to issue a record 17 million passports, up from last year's record of 12 million.  This surge in passport applications has led to longer processing times, averaging 6 to 8 weeks. As a result, there have been significant increases in public requests for expedited processing.  The designation of September as ``National Passport Month'' will serve as an important reminder for the American people to plan ahead and begin their passport application process early.  Despite the significant increase in the number of passport applications being processed, fewer than 23 percent of Americans have passports.  This number is far too low. International travel provides a unique perspective of the world and is an invaluable opportunity to interact with the global community and experience world cultures first hand.  I want to encourage the American people to get their passports and see the world.  The designation of September as ``National Passport Month'' will not only encourage the American people to avoid delays and get their passports early, but it will also acknowledge the positive impact of international travel in promoting understanding, tolerance, acceptance, and goodwill throughout the world.  On September 5, 2007, the U.S. House of Representatives unanimously agreed to an identical resolution introduced by Congresswoman Barbara Lee. It is my hope that this body will do the same. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.  