 President, I want to point out, I was on the floor when this item was discussed, when the Senator from New Hampshire offered his line-item veto amendment. I was also on the floor when Senator Conrad, who is our side's budget expert, came forward and debated it.  There was a rather fulsome debate. I want to recount what Senator Conrad said about his belief about the amendment, that not only does it raise serious constitutional concerns, but it would allow the President to unilaterally block enacted funding, even if Congress rejects a proposed rescission. In addition, rather than strengthening fiscal discipline, the amendment could lead to more spending, not less. He pointed out how it could be used to eliminate entire new programs or improvements to benefits such as Medicare and Social Security. The President would have a year after a bill's enactment to propose a rescission. The President could package rescissions as he or she wishes and could combine rescissions that have been enacted in several different pieces of legislation. Senators would be forced to vote on the package with little opportunity for public notice or input and no opportunity to offer amendments, nor would there be any opportunity to filibuster proposed rescissions. The new power would make it much easier for a President to eliminate new Medicare or Social Security benefits to which he objects.  Now, I agree very much with what the majority leader said. This is a very problematic amendment. It was debated on the floor of the Senate. It needs further refinement if anybody is going to move ahead with it. Clearly, it is a major amendment. Clearly, it is a real problem for our side. But for the minority to take down the bill over this amendment when the amendment is not germane to the bill, when I have tried very hard to keep matters that are not within the scope of the bill off the bill, including a matter I myself very much wanted to present, I think makes no sense.  The minority leader pointed out that this bill passed before, 2 years ago, by a vote of 90 to 8. The whole point of this legislation is to show that the two sides can come together, be bipartisan, and enact a bill that will bring about ethics, lobbying, and earmark reform. And we have done that.  As Senator Bennett, the ranking member, and I have sat on this floor, there has been ample time for Members to bring their amendments to the floor. I assure you that there has been a lot of time when we have just sat here in a quorum call. To allow this bill to be pulled down at this time is just a special matter of some kind of pique, when we know that the line-item veto amendment is extraordinarily problematic and deserves another venue, deserves more scrutiny, and should take some time before it is passed in any way, shape, or form.  So I am fully in support of what the majority leader had to say. It makes no sense for the other side to take down this bill over it. I hope the proposal made by the majority leader will be accepted. I believe he will keep his word. I will help in any way I possibly can to see that that is, in fact, the case. But we are so close to getting this bill done, and it has some momentous things in it that represent a total change of the way these bodies operate, and they are important, significant, and timely. We ought to pass this bill. We ought to show the American people that we can work together, Republicans and Democrats, for a common purpose. So I just want to say that after a week and a half, I am profoundly disappointed that this has come about. I really thought we were going to be able to work together and pass a strong, bipartisan bill. And, in fact, most of the amendments have passed by huge majorities. I think there have only been two that have been relatively close.  I urge the Republican side to reconsider. There are so many positive elements of this bill, and the American people will be so shortchanged if we cannot solve whatever problem there is between us and pass a bill that we voted on 90 to 8 some time ago, which has even been strengthened by some of the eight members who voted against it because they didn't think it was strong enough. This is a very strong measure.  Those of us who will work in conference will work to smooth out any bumps. We will work in an open way, and no side will be shut out of the conference. I pledge it will be a collegial conference. This is our opportunity to set an agenda for the 110th Congress. Please, please, please, let us not reject this.  I yield the floor.  