 President, either my colleague Senator Boxer or I have updated the Senate each day on the California wildfire situation. Senator Boxer is in California now, and I believe the President is as well. I wish to give a brief update to the Senate.  So far, this is the largest evacuation of people in California history. It is the largest evacuation in the United States since Katrina. San Diego remains the worst of the burning regions.  As of this morning, the President has approved individual assistance programs that will allow FEMA, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, to make payments for rental assistance, home repair, and pay for some home replacement costs.  As soon as the fires die down and the wind in places is easing, FEMA will set up centers. I urge Californians, who have been evacuated from their homes, who have had their homes partiallyburned or burned to the ground, to go to FEMA centers and see what assistance is available to you.  This morning, on television, I heard a family speak. I think they are from Escondido. I think they have a few acres--12. They had a home. They have children. The home was burned down, but the father said: We have fire insurance.  Then I heard of another family, with four young children, and no fire insurance. The father has no relatives in the area. Fortunately, the wife has a mother with whom the family will be in the near term. But they said: We don't know what we will do.  For those people who are in the ``We don't know what we will do'' category, this is the job of FEMA, to be out there, to open those centers, and to offer help and aid to these people.  So please, Californians, use this.  More than 950,000 people have been ordered evacuated.  More than 420,000 acres have burned. That is roughly 656 square miles. If you think of it, it is a huge area.  More than 6,000 firefighters are battling 19 active fires. They range from north of Los Angeles to San Diego, and they have crossed the Mexican border.  More than 1,155 homes have been destroyed and 68,000 are threatened.  Two deaths are reported so far. I believe there are others.  Now, if the winds die down today, we will be able, hopefully, to get a handle on it. The vast bulk of the damage now is occurring in populated areas.  The good news: The canyon fire in Malibu is 75 percent contained.  The bad news: Most of the other fires are uncontained and out of control.  Interstate 5, the main artery between San Diego and Los Angeles, was closed in both directions earlier, near Camp Pendleton, because of smoke. Northeast of San Diego, the town of Julian has been evacuated.  I am particularly concerned about the coming days and the Herculean task of feeding, caring, and providing shelter to hundreds of thousands of displaced Californians. We have more than 10,000 in Qualcomm Stadium, another 2,000 at the clubhouse at the Del Mar Race Track.  The Red Cross is doing great. Thank you, Red Cross. Thank you, Red Cross volunteers. They are manning at least three shelters that I know about, and up to this point food, water, and sanitary facilities have been adequate.  I think there is a lot of food for thought for Californians in what is happening in terms of the future, and perhaps it is too early to begin to talk about it.  I do not think there is any blame to be cast on anyone. I think everyone is responding: the Governor, the mayors, Homeland Security, FEMA, and, of course, the President. I am very grateful for this, and I know I am joined by my colleague Senator Boxer. She will be back tonight, and I know she will have stories to tell on the floor of the Senate tomorrow.  But I think we need to think a little bit in the future, particularly those of us who come from local government. I spent 18 years in local government, 9 as a county supervisor and 9 as a mayor, and there is one thing I know, and that is that local governments control zoning. I think the local governments have to begin to look at their zoning about the siting of new housing developments in floodplains in the northern part of the State, around levees and the siting of large subdivisions in the path of Santa Ana winds in parched, dry areas of the State where these winds blow hard and hot.  In this case, at least up to this point, we believe power lines blew down. The winds were so forceful they actually turned large container trucks on their side, and the fires were so strong and burned so hot that they melted the metal of automobiles so that, literally, nothing was left. It could sweep off of a ridge and within minutes come down that ridge and just devour homes and take pieces of board, which are called embers, and send them a mile or two away to start a new fire.  In San Diego 4 years ago, there was the cedar fire. It destroyed 2,000 homes. And now there is this fire in the same area.  So the question comes: Would local officials be well advised to take a look at zoning codes and to begin to protect areas that are prone to catastrophic wildfire from housing developments?  Secondly, community fire plans. Community fire plans are very good. Communities can come together--they did it in the cedar fire area, and they have done it quite successfully--to be able to establish fire plans: how they keep a fire break from their house, what they can take down, the kind of ground cover they should have, the kind of roof that is fire resistant, the siding that is fire resistant--and actually get some Government help to implement these fire plans. This is now going on in the Nevada Tahoe area and in the California Tahoe area as well.  So I believe very strongly that local officials should exercise their zoning control to see that citizens in the future are protected by staying out of heavily fire-prone and heavily flood-prone areas. I will be having more to say about that in the future.  It is also pretty clear to me that we have to develop some Government-helped catastrophic insurance. I have been very concerned. Allstate Insurance Company pulled out of California, and they pulled out of California because they said: It is catastrophe prone, it is fire prone, it is earthquake prone, and we--Allstate--don't want any part of it. So they are not insuring in California any longer. This must not be allowed to happen. Companies must not be allowed to cherry-pick the United States and only insure areas that are safe and secure and say to other areas: You are on your own.  So we are kind of rethinking this area. I think the State of California, which has an earthquake authority which helps underwrite insurance in earthquake-prone areas, perhaps should also develop a flood and fire authority where they can enter into the same kind of undertaking. Just think about what it would be like to have four children standing in front of a television camera and saying: My house burned down. With it, all my possessions, all my children's possessions, all our photographs and albums and memories, and virtually everything we held dear, and we have no insurance. Think about it. Think about how you would feel if you were in that situation.  So I think there is going to be a lot of food for thought coming out of these fires in terms of public policy, and I am delighted that my colleague, Senator Boxer, is there, and I look forward to her report tomorrow. I believe we will have much more to say about the public policy that goes into the future for our State and other States that are catastrophe prone.  I will just tell my colleagues one other little story. I received a call a while ago from the head of the San Francisco Fine Arts Museum saying that they had an opportunity to bring two paintings to show in San Francisco from the Met, and the insurance for those two paintings was $8 billion, just to bring them out for show. Why? Because insurance was being denied because California was a catastrophe-prone area. This is just one other example of what is ricocheting out there under the surface now, and I think this body has to become involved. Any one of us can have a catastrophe. Any one of us can have a major bombing. Any one of us can have a major earthquake, a major flood, or major fires. I think it is up to us to see that we have in place the regulations and the laws that enable people to get the insurance they need on a cost-effective basis to be able to restore their lives and rebuild once again.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  