President, I rise today in support of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014. I commend the work of my colleagues on the Armed Services Committee, especially the chairman, Senator Levin, on reaching an agreement with the House to complete this important legislation. For 51 consecutive years, the Senate has passed a defense authorization bill, and I hope we will be able to soon send the bill before us to President Obama for his signature. We owe it to our servicemembers to pass a law that will support them and enable the DOD to execute this year's budget efficiently and effectively.  We made tough decisions in putting together this bill--especially in these difficult economic times. But this bill will allow DOD to combat current threats, plan for future threats, and provide for the welfare of our brave servicemembers. While it is disappointing that we did not have sufficient time to debate amendments, this is a good compromise bill and it is critical that we pass it.  I would like to point out a few of the highlights of this bill:  It authorizes a 1-percent across-the-board pay raise and reauthorizes over 30 types of bonuses and special pays for our men and women in uniform; includes 36 key provisions to strengthen sexual assault prevention and response programs; extends authorities to continue several ``train and equip'' programs to assist foreign militaries in counterterrorism and counternarcotics missions; and authorizes $6.2 billion for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund to further build the capacity of the Afghan army and police so those forces can take over security throughout Afghanistan by December 2014.  This year I once again had the honor of serving as the chairman of the Seapower Subcommittee, alongside Senator McCain, the ranking member. Working together, our subcommittee focused on the needs of the Navy, Marine Corps, and strategic mobility forces. We put particular emphasis on supporting marine and naval forces engaged in combat operations, improving efficiencies, and applying the savings to higher priority programs. Specifically, the bill includes the required funding for two Virginia-class submarines and provides an additional $100 million to support buying the 10th DDG-51 under the current multiyear procurement program. The bill also approves the funding for other major programs, including the DDG-1000 destroyer, the Aircraft Carrier Replacement Program, the Littoral Combat Ship, LCS, and the P-8 maritime patrol aircraft. I am particularly pleased about the funding for the Virginia-class submarines and the DDG-1000, which so many Rhode Islanders help to build.  Working together with Senator McCain, this bill increases accountability for taxpayers' dollars spent on several major Navy programs. For example, the bill includes language to increase the CVN-78 cost cap, while excluding certain urgent and unforeseen testing costs from that cap. In addition, we require quarterly reports on the program manager's estimate for CVN-79, and we freeze the payment of fees whenever the program manager's estimate of total program costs exceeds the cost cap.  In this bill, we also require the CNO to submit a report identifying the current littoral combat ship, LCS, concept of operations and the expected survivability of each sea frame; we require the GAO to review the LCS program; and we limit future procurements of the LCS until the Navy produces certain reports and the Joint Requirements Oversight Council makes certain certifications about the LCS program.  The bill also amends the language of the annual 30-year shipbuilding report to require the disclosure of ship prices assumed in the plan and a risk assessment whenever the number of ships in the plan falls below the Navy's requirements.  I offer my thanks to Senator McCain and the other members of the Seapower Subcommittee for their diligence in the subcommittee's work this year.  We have a good bill before the Senate, and I urge all of my colleagues to support it.  