I can't think of anyone whose integrity, intelligence, commitment to the Nation, and patriotism would so well serve and be so beneficial to this country as continuing in his public efforts after his days in the Senate in the embassy in Beijing.  I also thank the chairman because he has been an articulate and effective advocate for unemployment compensation benefits for hard-working Americans who are without work through no fault of their own. This economy has suffered a drastic contraction, beginning in 2007, 2008, and 2009. We are seeing some improvements. During this period, the chairman has been the key actor, the key force driving for extended benefits.  Chairman Baucus has been the driving force as well in the context of trying to reform the program. He has implemented efforts such as work sharing, a proposal I brought to him, that is a smart way to do business. It basically allows a company to retain their workers for part of the week and let them collect benefits for the rest of the week, so they keep the workforce together. In Rhode Island, it has been extremely beneficial. It is now a nationwide program because of Chairman Baucus.  He is working very hard--as he indicated, we are working together--to ensure that we do not see this cliff where 1.3 million Americans lose their benefits on December 28.  Yesterday, I came to the floor to discuss some of the economics behind the logic of extending these benefits. I believe the extensive amount of economic research supports the very commonsense notion that I think the vast majority of our colleagues share: That Americans want to work. They are in an environment, however, where jobs are scarce. There are two workers for every job, and in some parts of the country that ratio is even much worse.  However, I hear other colleagues say: That might be true, but we have to fix this program because we have abuse and we have fraud. The chairman, in his efforts, has always demonstrated that we are committed to rooting out any type of fraud or abuse. In 2012, for example, we strengthened the requirement that one has to search for work to qualify for unemployment compensation. We also improved program integrity by having beneficiaries show up more frequently for in-person assessments to help them find a job quicker and ensure they receive the right benefit amount based on their past work history.  So we want the program to be efficient. We do not want the program to be subject to abuse. That means that more people can benefit correctly and not abuse the system. So I am sure the chairman and I are quite willing--I know I am, and I know he is too--to work hard if we need reforms. But we can't do that in 10 days. We can't do that. We need some time.  So I have joined together with Senator Heller to suggest a 3-month extension. That will allow us--and this is a bipartisan effort, and I thank the Senator from Nevada--to keep people from falling off the edge, literally.  The average benefit in Rhode Island is about $350 a week. There are very few people who are going to give up a job to collect about $350 a week. By the way, that money is going right from the check to the local grocery store, to pay for heat or to pay for rent. That is why CBO has estimated that if we don't extend unemployment benefits, we will see a situation in which we lose approximately 200,000 jobs next year which we could have otherwise had, and that we will see our economic GDP growth shrink by about 0.2 percent, because the demand generated by unemployment checks going out in the mail will be lost. It is one of those programs that provides about $1.70, $1.60, for every dollar we invest. So this is about good economics, not just, as Senator Baucus said so eloquently, about our commitment to something beyond ourselves, to the welfare and the good faith of our neighbors in the spirit of Christmas, the true spirit of this holiday.  The other thing, too, is if we look at this argument: Well, we are not going to extend the program because of abuse--we can look at a lot of programs; we can look at the crop insurance program, for example. I don't hear many people saying: Oh, let's cut out that crop insurance program because of abuse. Just recently, this year, the Department of Justice prosecuted a very large, significant case of widespread tobacco crop fraud spanning 6 years. A Federal district judge brought to justice an insurance agent and a farmer. Prison time was ordered, more than $8 million of restitution had to be paid, but no one is standing up and saying: Let's cut crop insurance because of this case.  Let's get realistic. We need to extend these benefits, and we need to do it promptly because the 28th is just upon us.  Shortly, I will make a unanimous consent request, but before that, I wish to recognize my colleague, Senator Stabenow. Then, I ask that at 2:30, if she could yield the floor back to me so that I may make my request.  With that, I yield to the Senator from Michigan.  