President, I recognize it is a much larger State. The nice thing about the Senate is that we all have two Senators.  There has been a great deal of work put together by so many people here: Senator Carper, Senator Manchin, Senator Alexander, Senator Harkin, Senator King, and Senator Burr. I could go on. They have been trying--in a principled way--to help students. They provided short-term help, but the major criticism I have of the legislation is that it locks us into the long-run, predictable rate increases and will add further to the burden that students and families are bearing to send their children, and themselves, to college and beyond.  Despite these great efforts, I just do not believe this approach, if unamended, is going to be the way we want to move forward.  Mark Kantrowitz is a well-known expert on student aid. His comments are particularly telling.       It's still going to be, effectively, an interest rate      increase masquerading as a decrease. Students currently      enrolled will benefit from the low interest rates, but as the      economy recovers and rates rise, today's high school students      could end up paying more than 6.8 percent. It's far from a      permanent solution.  I think he is right. I wish to emphasize the fact that as the economy recovers and rates rise, one of the fallacies of the CBO projections is that back in early 2000s they suggested that interest rates would stay very high. They did not anticipate the collapse in 2008 and 2009 of our economy.  Honestly, I don't think we want to premise our student lending on an economic collapse. I think what we want to do is assume and hope that the economy recovers, which will invariably increase interest rates. We are starting at the low point of interest rates, and then inevitably we are moving up. We are moving up as the economy recovers. We will also move up as the Federal Reserve limits their very aggressive quantitative easing program, where they have been buying securities to depress the rates.  If we look at the CBO projections, parents and graduate students will begin paying more than the current fixed rate of 6.8 percent and 7.9 percent by 2015. That is not a long time. That means the young freshman who is going into college next year might benefit from this proposal, but the younger brother or sister who is a freshman in high school will be paying much more. I think collectively, over time, since this is a permanent proposal, the debts that will accumulate to American families and American students will be significant.  We are essentially adopting a new approach to Federal policy on higher education. We are not subsidizing it; we are not making it below market rates. We are shifting the costs on to students. That is because one of the premises in this proposal, quite obviously, is that there will be no cost to the government, and we are starting with the principle of a rate of 6.8 percent over time. So as we decrease rates for the first few years, just simple arithmetic tells us we have to raise rates going forward.  Also, I think the way this is structured has to be considered. We have chosen not a short-term T-bill rate--a 91-day rate--which is low; we have chosen a 10-year rate which, in itself, is higher. So we have begun our reconstruction of the rate structure by picking a much higher baseline than has been consistent in the past, even with variable rates, and we have had variable rates in the past. Then we have added a premium to that to cover our costs--the cost of default, the cost of the administration of the program.  Interestingly enough, in this proposal, there is a study the GAO is ordered to do to tell us if our cost estimates are in any way close to the real cost to the Federal Government. I think the factor is significantly sufficient that the premium--the delta, if you will--we are charging students is much higher than the real cost, even including default rates, to the Federal Government.  I think this is a proposal that, again, was generated with great sincerity and great diligence, but over time it does not meet the test of consistency with our previous support for higher education. We actually subsidized higher education, and we did it at below-market rates. We did it because we believed we had to give students a chance to educate themselves not only fortheir benefit but, just as importantly, for the benefit of this Nation.  I would suggest--and around this Chamber I have said this before--directly or indirectly, every one of my colleagues who is of a certain age has benefited from subsidized student loans. If they didn't, then a brother or a sister or someone did. Yet we are saying that was good for us, but it is not good for this generation of students. They should bear the risk of interest rate increases.  They should bear the full cost. This is at a time when we have to be much more cognizant of the centrality of higher education in terms of the lifetime wages and earnings of individuals and in terms of our economic competitiveness across the globe.  We all have reached a point that unless we adopt the amendment I propose, we are locking ourselves into increasing rates that go way beyond the current statutory rate of 6.8 percent for Stafford loans and 7.9 percent for PLUS loans. Even with these rates--the current rates--6.8 and 7.9 percent--CBO has estimated that the government will generate about $184 million in revenues. That is the difference between the cost of funding and the return. It is just what it costs the government to borrow and what they are getting in revenue from students, accounting for defaults and borrower benefits. So instead of investing in students, we are basically profiting from them, and that point has been made by my colleagues, particularly Senator Warren, over time.  As we move to this new form of rate structure--10-year Treasury bills plus a premium; they are capped, but they are capped at high rates--the government will, in fact, be making even more money.  What I would like to do and what we have tried to do is to propose that we initially freeze rates at 3.4 percent and then spend the time to fix this problem as best we can completely. We need to develop a rate structure that does not provide a huge profit, as defined between the cost of funding and the revenue to the Federal Government, incentivize colleges to lower tuition--and that will be a very difficult and challenging endeavor--and think seriously about refinancing because right now we have students and families facing $1 trillion in debt, and they are suffering under this situation.  We want to take a comprehensive approach, but this is not the approach. This is simply fixing rates. The one certainty in this legislation is that the rates will go up--not right away, but they will go up--and they could go up very quickly, and they could reach the limits very quickly, and that is an additional burden on students. As a result, it will begin to make college more expensive, less affordable, less of an option for many families and youngsters, and it will hurt us in the long run in terms of our economic competitiveness and our ability to grow our economy.  We have had experience with market-based rates in the student loan program before. This is not new. Most recently, the market-based rates for student loans from July 1, 1998, and June 30, 2006, was yield on a 91-day Treasury bill plus 1.7 percent while the student was in school and plus 2.3 percent while the student was in repayment. This rate was capped at 8.25 percent, and it applied to all Stafford loans--subsidized, unsubsidized, and graduate. For parent PLUS loans, the rate was the yield on the 91-day Treasury bill plus 3.1 percent, capped at 9 percent.  Those rates were a good deal for borrowers. Students who are repaying their loans under this system have a rate of 2.35 percent this year and parents are paying 3.15 percent. That is because interest rates have come down dramatically. One of the reasons for that--perhaps the primary reason--is because we faced an economic potential catastrophe in 2008 and 2009. Economic activity shrunk, rates fell, and the Federal Reserve took a very aggressive program of quantitative easing to deliberately lower interest rates.  Instead of using the 91-day Treasury bill, what this underlying proposal uses is the 10-year Treasury bill. This decision results in a rate that in and of itself is 1.76 percentage points higher for this year alone. If we use the 91-day T-bill rate, we could lower rates even further, but we are using the 10-year rate, so we are already building in almost 2 percentage points of interest for students who will be subject to this legislation.  Since May 1 we have already seen the rates on the 10-year Treasury bill climb nearly 1 percent. Those rates are headed upward, and the CBO has projected them to rise. That is consistent, by the way, with an economic recovery. So the good news is if the economy recovers, interest rates will rise except it is not good news for students because their interest payments will rise. If CBO is wrong, that means we will probably have an economic shock ahead of us which will be bad news for everyone.  So I think we have to be very cognizant of the fact that there is a much better way to do this, and there should be a comprehensive approach.  What we are suggesting, and in the amendment Senator Warren and I are proposing, is that we at least cap the interest rates for the Stafford loans--for the undergraduate loans--at 6.8 percent, which is the current rate, and for the PLUS loans at 7.9 percent so no one, regardless of whether one starts college next fall or 4 years from now, will be worse off than the current situation with the fixed interest rate. I think that would be an improvement. I think, if we don't adopt such an approach, then we are locking students and families into a very costly and predictably increasingly costly structure. We are not making any reforms with respect to the cost of college. We are not dealing with the issue of refinancing.  Honestly, I also think to say, well, if it gets really bad, if we really start hitting those caps--to say we will go back and fix it fundamentally ignores one of the principles that underlies this proposed legislation--that there be no further costs to the government. To fix the interest rate several years from now, when it is 8 percent, again, will cost a lot more than staying with the current 6.8 percent fixed rate and 7.9 percent fixed rate.  So for that reason, I will be opposing the underlying legislation unless we can make significant progress with respect to at least capping the rates at 6.8 percent and 7.9 percent.  With that, I reserve the remainder of my time, and I yield the floor.  