Our amendment would provide the kind of certainty students deserve and that they will not receive under the proposed bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act as it is currently drafted.  Simply put, our amendment will ensure that students and parents will not be any worse off than they would be under the current fixed rates of 6.8 percent or 7.9 percent. To illustrate this, let me present a chart.  Under the underlying legislation, Stafford loans for students are essentially subject to the same interest rates, and they are depicted here. These are the undergraduate loans in yellow and the graduate loans in white. We can see in the first year for the undergraduate loans it is just under 4 percent, and that is less than the 6.8-percent current statutory limit. For the graduate loans, they are up roughly about 5\1/2\ percent, which, again, is below that. But very quickly, by 2015, the graduate loans exceed this 6.8-percent threshold. That is the current law. Then it keeps going up and up and up.  Actually, this chart does not represent the entire impact because the last bar represents the estimates not just for 1 year but for 5 years. So we can see these increments--the white increments for the graduate loans--keep going up and up and up indefinitely. This is permanent legislation. This is not a 5-year fix or a 10-year fix. It is permanent legislation. A similar process is that the undergraduate Stafford loans go up and up and up and up.  Our legislation will simply say if you want to provide an incentive and a benefit for students who are today going to school, that is commendable, but at some point we are going to have a much worse deal for students than we have just with the current law. So we are proposing, very simply, to cap at 6.8 percent the Stafford loans and then at 7.9 percent for the parent PLUS loans.  This is a projection of the percentage interest rates for parent loans. Again, 2013, it is below the present 7.9-percent statutory limit, but quickly, by 2015, it is above, and then it is indefinite. From 2018 to 2023 and beyond, it goes up and up and up and up. Our amendment simply says if we want to give everybody a benefit in the next several years of lower rates, do it, but let us give real certainty that rates will not exceed the current statutory rates.  As I have indicated previously in my remarks, I wish to commend the authors at least for putting in caps on rates.  Some of the original proposals coming from the Senate Republicans and other places had no real caps in place. At least now we have caps.  I want to particularly thank Chairman Harkin, because he committed himself to ensuring that all these loan programs have a cap. Our point, though, is the caps are so large that effectively students and parents in a very short period of time will be paying much more than they are today. These caps are too high. They could go as high as 8.25 percent for undergraduate Stafford loans, 9.5 percent for graduate Stafford loans, and 10.5 percent for PLUS loans. Those are significantly higher than our threshold. We can do better. We want to protect students from these high interest rates.  In Rhode Island, roughly 49,000 students will borrow for this coming academic year. They would benefit from this approach, but their brothers and sisters, who may be freshmen in high school, will be taking out loans when the interest rates will be exceeding the current rates.  Adopting the Reed-Warren amendment means students can benefit from these low rates initially, but then we will have the existing statutory cap in place for future generations. As it exists now, if you are a senior in high school and you are going to college next year, you are going to get the benefit of the rate, but your younger brother or sister, who may be a freshman or junior in high school, and your parents are paying for it in the future, and will be paying indefinitely.  As my colleague Senator Warren has pointed out, they are doing it in a situation in which the government is making billions of dollars a year on these loans. This is not a question of putting subsidies in. Contrary to the history and purpose of the student loan programs, we are actually reversing the subsidy. We are saying, No, the students pay.  Education is so important to the future of America, yet we are no longer going to invest in it as a Nation. We are going to let students pay. That is the way this whole approach has been structured. They picked as their benchmark the 10-year Treasury bill. Typically, we use the 91-day Treasury bill. Just in the baseline, there is a higher interest rate. Then they picked a premium to put on top to compensate the government for potential risk of loss. As some of my colleagues suggested, we are not quite sure what the premium should be, and we feel very strongly that premium is much too high for the actual risks and costs of the program. So this proposal has baked in higher interest rates for some students after the first 2 years, and for all students and parents in the long run.  I believe what we are doing in the Reed-Warren amendment makes a great deal of sense. Many people are struggling in many different ways, and particularly students are struggling with student debt. We should ensure that the new rate structure does not leave students worse off--and not just for the first 2 years, but let's be realistic and serious. Let's look down the road. This road is taking us to higher and higher interest rates for students. I think we can do better. I think we must do better.  I would point out that we have paid for this amendment by putting a very small surcharge of 0.55 percent on incomes over $1 million, so this is fully paid for, and it will give students the real certainty that they will not see interest rates go beyond the present statutory limits.  I think what we should be doing as a Nation is not shifting the burden to students but investing through students in our future. We know if students are able to go on to college and to postgraduate education, they are going to make more money, they are going to contribute more to the economy, we are going to be more globally competitive, and we will be in a much better position.  Frankly, that was the wise judgment our parents and grandparents made when, in the 1950s, 1960s, and the 1970s, they decided to invest in the future of America by investing in higher education.  I daresay there are very few people in this Chamber who in one way or another did not directly benefit from that investment. But now we are saying today, No, it is on the students, they are going to pay market rate premiums, and, according to CBO numbers, we will be generating about $184 billion--the difference between our borrowing costs and what the students and families are paying. That is not the way to grow a strong, prosperous America.  Because there have been elaborate studies, we also understand that we have a jobs gap already between highly educated individuals and the jobs. By 2020, there will be about a 5-million-jobs gap between those jobs requiring higher education and the projected graduates in the next several years going forward.  So we have to do much more, and I think we also have to look at the issue in a comprehensive way. We have to build in incentives for lower costs at colleges and universities. That is not being done in this legislation, and I think once we pass it, the likelihood of getting on to that issue is diminished.  We also have to try to come up with ways in which students can refinance loans. A trillion dollars of student debt has surpassed credit card and automobile debt as the second biggest household debt in the country, and that is going to grow. It will particularly grow under the underlying proposal. We have to figure out a creative way to do that. And, by the way, that is going to cost money. So if one of the principles and premises of this whole legislation is we will spend no additional money for higher education support, how are we going to fix that issue of students and families who are deeply in debt--not just those who are carrying the debt today but those who are going to accumulate the debt going forward?  I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the Reed-Warren amendment. This will be the certainty that is proclaimed in the title of the underlying legislation.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  