President, I would like to offer some brief reflections on the distinguished service and accomplishments of Senator Frank Lautenberg.  He possessed an unwavering commitment to our country and its highest ideals of duty and fairness.  His achievements over a lifetime well lived are impressive. He came from very humble beginnings but showed tremendous determination and tenacity as he achieved success in business and politics.  Senator Lautenberg was a World War II veteran--serving honorably in the U.S. Army Signal Corps from 1942 to 1946, posted in Europe with so many other young Americans to fight in a war that had to be fought. In fact, he was the last World War II veteran to serve in the U.S. Senate.  After the war, he like so many benefited from the GI bill and graduated from Columbia University. He had seen the hard work of his parents and began a career in business where he recognized the importance of computer technology well before the advent of many innovations we take for granted today. His success in helping create the Nation's first payroll services company, Automatic Data Processing, could have led Senator Lautenberg anywhere, but it was his desire to give back to his community and to his country that had given him an education and a promising future that led him to the Senate.  When he set his eye on doing something, being on the other side of him meant you were in for a battle. That resolve may be a reason why he had so many legislative achievements. Indeed, he knew how important infrastructure is to the economy, and his work to preserve and improve Amtrak has helped millions of Americans who rely on rail for commuting, travel, and commerce every day. Growing up in an industrial area, he knew how important it was to respect the environment, so he fought, even when the odds were against him, for cleaning up Superfund sites, improving air quality, and ensuring better oversight of toxic chemicals. And when he saw the health damage that smoking can cause, he led the way to ban smoking on airplanes.  The issue of gun safety is where I worked most closely with him. Those efforts to stem the flow of guns to criminals, terrorists, and others who shouldn't have access to firearms gave me a deeper appreciation for the strength of his principles and beliefs. There was no one more engaged in this issue, and I know that as the effort continues to close the gun show loophole, his commitment to reducing gun violence in our country will serve as a true guidepost.  As so many pointed out in the wonderful service remembering Senator Lautenberg, he was tenacious as well as humorous. Indeed, he fought for New Jersey and for what he believed was right each and every single day.  The Senate and our country have lost an important voice on so many issues, but his work will carry on and not be forgotten. Indeed, the benefits to our Nation of all his efforts and dedication will last for years to come.  I extend my deepest condolences to Bonnie; his children, Ellen Lautenberg, Nan Morgart, Lisa Birer, and Joshua Lautenberg; his stepchildren, Danielle Englebardt and Lara Englebardt Metz; and his 13 grandchildren, on behalf of myself, my constituents, and the State of Rhode Island. Their loss is greater than ours because they have lost a husband, father, and grandfather. He will be missed.  