 President, I rise to introduce a piece of legislation that I have introduced in every Congress since 1987--a proposed constitutional amendment requiring Congress to balance our Nation's budget. This bill has bipartisan support and will allow us to finally begin to get our fiscal house in order.  A balanced budget amendment to the Constitution, I believe, is the only certain mechanism that will break the cycle of deficit spending.  I believe we must ensure that the government does not continue to saddle our children and grandchildren with the current generation's debts. Essentially, this amendment that I propose requires the United States not spend more money than it receives in revenue, except in times of war, or when suspended by a vote of three-fifths of both Houses of Congress.  This bill that we propose will provide financial stability to our Nation. Bailouts, stimulus programs, government takeovers of private industry, and costly new programs have consumed and overwhelmed the Federal budget.  Over the past 30 years, annual deficits have become routine and the Federal Government has incurred massive debt--nearly $14 trillion and rising quickly.  For a moment, let me share this chart with you. It says, ``The Case for a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution.'' If we go back to 1980--just 30 years ago--we owed, as a nation, $909 billion--not yet a trillion dollars. That was after nearly 200 years of government, including the First World War debt, the Depression, the Second World War, the Korean war, and the Vietnamese war, and many deficits. But from 1980 to 1990, this jumped to $3 trillion. From 1990 to 2000--a 10-year span--it jumped from $3 trillion to $5.6 trillion. That was pretty bad. But from the year 2000 to 2010, which ended a few weeks ago, it went from $5 trillion to $13 trillion--in 10 years. It is slated now, in the next 11 years, to go to $25 trillion. That is unsustainable.  In fact, for the record, the United States has only had 2 years in its entire history where it has been debt free. Look back a while. It was 1834 and 1835. I repeat, only 2 years free from debt. It seems to me that the most powerful Nation in the world has had its weaknesses exposed. Foreign markets cannot stand on our wobbly financial legs. The reverberations of our fiscal ineptitude have not only cost American jobs, which we badly need, but have weakened how other nations perceive us. Something must be done.  Unfortunately, we don't have to look back far in history to see an example of a once great empire sitting on the curb with its hand held out. Greece's excessive public spending, coupled with a massive borrowing campaign, has put its fiscal insolvency woes on the entire European Union. Greece's bond rating was downgraded to ``junk'' by Standard and Poor's in April. Bondholders were warned they could recover as little as 30 percent of their initial investment. The euro weakened and the European stock markets plunged. The question is, will the dollar soon be seen as ``junk'' to the rest of the world? I hope not.  American taxpayers are rightly infuriated by the Federal Government's disregard for the same economic principles that govern every household and business budget. Unfortunately, until the Federal Government is required to spend only the amount of money it takes in, I fear we will continue to write checks the Treasury cannot cash.  In fiscal year 2010, the total interest alone on the Treasury debt securities was $413 billion. I believe this money could be better spent on improving education, supporting our law enforcement or, even better, by returning it to the people who earned it, the taxpayers.  We hear on a daily basis the rhetoric about tough choices, sacrifice, and austerity. What we need to hear more about is basic mathematics when we are talking about the budget. A balanced budget amendment to the Constitution is the solution, I believe, to a perpetual problem that we do not have the political will to fix. It will finally put our Nation on a path to paying off our national debt. The adoption of an amendment that would require the Federal Government to do what every American already has to do--balance its checkbook--is what this country needs to prove that Washington is serious about accomplishing this feat.  A balanced budget amendment is simply a promise to the American people that the government will spend their hard-earned tax dollars responsibly. Some opponents of a balanced budget amendment state that it is a drastic measure not necessary at this time. They are also correct that it is bold. But I believe it is also necessary.  I have introduced this legislation, as I said, in every Congress since 1987. If not now, when?  I yield the floor.  