President, I rise today to speak in support of the Conference Report on S. 900, the Financial Modernization Act of 1999. As we prepare to enter the 21st century, it is critical that our laws governing financial services reflect the reality of the current marketplace and establish a sound legal framework that will carry us well into the new millennium.  This legislation will repeal the Glass-Steagall Act, a Depression-era law that separates the banking, securities, and insurance industries. The Glass-Steagall Act was originally adopted in 1933 to stave off another Great Depression.  While it clearly served its purpose back then, the law regulating our financial service industries is now sorely out of date.  The face of financial services has changed dramatically in recent years. We are already witnessing a marketplace at work that is producing new services offered by financial institutions of all shapes and sizes. But under current law, the financial firms are often forced to work around existing prohibitions on the coupling of different services, often incurring unnecessary costs to the ultimate detriment of the consumer.  Modernizing current law will make the financial services industry more competitive, both at home and abroad. This legislation will make it easier for banking, securities, and insurance firms to consolidate their services, allowing them to cut expenses and offer more products at a lower cost to businesses and consumers.  The Treasury Department has estimated that increased competition in the securities, banking, and insurance industry could save consumers as much as $15 billion annually.  I want to praise the Clinton Administration and the Senate and House conferees for reaching a fair and equitable compromise regarding the application the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA). Since the enactment of the CRA in 1977, financial institutions have committed more than one trillion dollars to low and moderate income communities.  The continued strength of the CRA means that hundreds of billions of dollars worth of new home mortgage and small business loans will be made in low- and moderate-income urban and rural communities in the next century.  The compromise contained in the conference report prevents a bank from moving into a new line of business if it does not have a satisfactory lending record under the CRA, while limiting the frequency of reviews under the CRA for small banks with a satisfactory or excellent record.  I am pleased to report that in my home state of Vermont, no banks, large or small, have received less than a satisfactory CRA rating. It is my hope that this legislation will encourage banks in other states to improve their community lending records. Enforcement of the CRA is a win-win situation for banks and neighborhoods across the country.  In addition, this legislation allows states to continue to regulate insurance sales by banks and other new financial entities, keeping this authority where it properly belongs. The Vermont Department of Banking, Insurance and Securities has strongly supported its continued oversight of insurance sales by banks and other financial firms in my home state because of the agency's experience and expertise, and I agree.  I am also pleased that the conferees did not include the medical privacy language included in the House-passed bill in the conference report. Senators Kennedy and Jeffords joined me in sending a letter on July 20 to the Chairman of the Senate Banking Committee requesting that this section be struck in conference.  This language had been inserted in the House bill under the guise of providing medical privacy protections, but it would do no such thing. The language actually would have created a laundry list of lawful uses of personally identifiable health information without any consent by the patient.  Moreover, the House-passed language would have wiped out the August deadline for Congressional action included in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996. I strongly opposed this wrongheaded approach.  I still have significant concerns about how this bill may negatively impact the privacy of individuals medical records. However, I believe the recent steps by the Clinton Administration to establish federal regulations governing some medical records of Americans is an important step forward.  And I will reaffirm something I have said over, and over again--this Congress must act on its own and pass a comprehensive federal law that will govern all medical records and all those who could have access to them.  Mr. President, I must also express my deep disappointment with conference report's financial privacy provisions. Congress has missed an historic opportunity to provide fundamental privacy of every American's personal financial information.  Our right of privacy has become one of the most vulnerable rights in the Information Age. We must master new threats to our individual privacy and security, and in particular, to our ability to control the terms under which our personal information is acquired, disclosed and used.  But this conference report fails to give consumers the control over their personal financial information that every American deserves.  After this conference report becomes law, new conglomerates in the financial services industry will begin offering a widening variety of services, each of which requires a customer to provide financial, medical or other personal information. But nothing in the new law will prevent these new subsidiaries or affiliates of financial conglomerates from sharing this information for uses beyond those the customer thought he or she was providing it for.  For example, the conference report has no consumer consent requirements for these new financial subsidiaries or affiliates to sell, share, or publish savings account balances, certificates ofdeposit maturity dates and balances, stock and mutual fund purchases and sales, life insurance payouts or health insurance claims. That is wrong.  I am an enthusiast when it comes to the Internet and our burgeoning information technologies. These are exciting times, and the digitalization of information and the explosion in the growth of computing and electronic networking offer tremendous potential benefits to the way Americans live, work, conduct commerce, and interact with their government. But we must make sure that information technology remains our servant, instead of becoming our master.  Tuesday, I spoke with Treasury Secretary Summers about the need for additional legislation to provide real financial privacy safeguards. In the next session of the 106th Congress, I look forward to working with him and Senator Shelby, Senator Bryan, Senator Sarbanes and others on the Senate Banking Committee to enact comprehensive legislation to update our laws to provide fundamental privacy protections of the personal financial information of all Americans.  The need for financial privacy protection will not go away, and Congress should address it without further delay.  