President, first off, I thank my good friend from Utah for the kind words. I am reminded of Shakespeare and Julius Caesar: I am here not to praise Caesar but to bury him. I think my friend from Utah has expanded on that. He wants to both bury me and praise me. I thank him for one-half of that equation and regret the other half.  I will point out a few errors, though, in his statement. One, this is an amendment. It is not a substitute. It is not intended as a substitute. It would not begin to be a substitute because there are many parts of S. 254 with which I agree.  The distinguished chairman has talked about the hearings on S. 254. In fact, there have been no hearings on S. 254; not one, not one at all. In fact, my amendment, which is basically what was introduced over a year ago and not something that popped out here yesterday, has had just as many hearings as S. 254.  There are things in S. 254 I like. I praised Chairman Hatch for including my reverse waiver in the bill. That is very good. Senator DeWine of Ohio and I worked on it, and we adopted a technology grant, the DeWine-Leahy-Hatch Law Crime Identification Technology Act that provides a $250 million block grant for States to upgrade their criminal records. It will be funded this year to help States upgrade their criminal history records.  My amendment provides money for both intervention and primary prevention programs because we need primary prevention programs before children get into trouble. In some ways we fail, because the only time we step in is after they get into trouble. Let's stop it before they get into trouble.  The distinguished chairman said that it is a lot of money, that I am adding $\1/2\ billion for prevention for children. Let's talk about this. That is a lot of money. That is close to $2 a person in this country. I think the math probably works out to about $1.85 or $1.90 per person every year. That is almost enough to buy a small soda at a movie, or that is almost enough to buy a comic book.  Let's be realistic. To help keep our children out of trouble, can we not afford $1.85 or $1.90 a year? Ask the parents in Littleton, CO, whether they would spend that kind of money, or ask the parents in any town in Vermont, California, Oregon, Utah, or Alabama if they would.  We want to address youth violence and school violence problems in this country. This is a problem that is a lot bigger than just whatever happens in our courts, once the crime has happened, once the juvenile has been apprehended.  We need an approach obviously to handle juvenile crime after it happens, but let's spend that extra $1.85 or $1.90 to try to use programs that have been proven to work, that our own hearings have shown work to prevent a crime from happening in the first place.  How much time do I have left, Mr. President?  