President, I rise to speak on the question of nominations. We are approaching another Senate recess. We ought to act on judicial nominations, the longstanding vacancies in the Federal courts around this country. This is the fourth extended Senate recess this year. So far this year, the Senate has confirmed only two judicial nominees for the longstanding vacancies that plague the Federal courts. That is one judge per calendar quarter; it is one half a judge per Senate vacation. We should do better.  Let me focus on one: Justice Ronnie White. This past weekend marked the 2-year anniversary of the nomination of this outstanding jurist to what is now a judicial emergency vacancy on the U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Missouri. He is currently a member of the Missouri Supreme Court.  He was nominated by President Clinton in June of 1997, 2 years ago. It took 11 months before the Senate would even allow him to have a confirmation hearing. His nomination was then reported favorably on a 13-3 vote in the Senate Judiciary Committee on May 21, 1998. Senators Hatch, Thurmond, Grassley, Specter, Kyl and DeWine were the Republican members of the committee who voted for him along with the Democratic members. Senators Ashcroft, Abraham, and Sessions voted against him.  Even though he had been voted out overwhelmingly, he sat on the calendar, and the nomination was returned to the President after 16 months with no action.  The President has again renominated him. I call again upon the Senate Judiciary Committee to act on this qualified nomination. Justice White deserves better than benign neglect. The people in Missouri deserve a fully qualified and fully staffed Federal bench.  Justice White has one of the finest records--and the experience and standing--of any lawyer that has come before the Judiciary Committee. He has served in the Missouri legislature, the office of the city counselor for the City of St. Louis, and he was a judge in the Missouri Court of Appeals for the Eastern District of Missouri before his current service as the first African American ever to serve on the Missouri Supreme Court.  Having been voted out of Committee by a 4-1 margin, having waited for 2 years, this distinguished African American at least deserves the respect of this Senate, and he should be allowed a vote, up or down. Senators can stand up and say they will vote for or against him, but let this man have his vote.  The Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court wrote in his Year-End Report in 1997: ``Some current nominees have been waiting a considerable time for a Senate Judiciary Committee vote or a final floor vote. The Senate confirmed only 17 judges in 1996 and 36 in 1997, well under the 101 judges it confirmed in 1994.'' He went on to note: ``The Senate is surely under no obligation to confirm any particular nominee, but after the necessary time for inquiry it should vote him up or vote him down.''  For the last several years I have been urging the Judiciary Committee and the Senate to proceed to consider and confirm judicial nominees more promptly and without the years of delay that now accompany so many nominations. I hope the committee will not delay any longer in reporting the nomination of Justice Ronnie L. White to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri and that the Senate will finally act on the nomination of this fine African-American jurist.  I have been concerned for the last several years that it seems women and minority nominees are being delayed and not considered. I spoke to the Senate about this situation on May 22, June 22 and, again, on October 8 last year. Over the last couple of years the Senate has failed to act on the nominations of Judge James A. Beaty, Jr. to be the first African-American judge on the Fourth Circuit; Jorge C. Rangel to the Fifth Circuit; Clarence J. Sundram to the District Court for the Northern District of New York; Anabelle Rodriguez to the District Court in Puerto Rico; and many others. In explaining why he chose to withdraw from consideration after waiting 15 months for Senate consideration, Jorge Rangel wrote to the President and explained:       Our judicial system depends on men and women of good will      who agree to serve when asked to do so. But public service      asks too much when those of us who answer the call to service      are subjected to a confirmation process dominated by      interminable delays and inaction. Patience has its virtues,      but it also has its limits.  Last year, Senator Kennedy observed that women nominated to federal judgeships ``are being subjected to greater delays by Senate Republicans than men. So far in this Republican Congress, women nominated to our federal courts are four times--four times--more likely than men to be held up by the Republican Senate for more than a year.''  Justice White remains one of the 10 longest-pending judicial nominations before the Senate, along with Judge Richard Paez and Marsha Berzon.  I have noted that Justice White's nomination has already been pending for over two years. By contrast, I note that in the entire four years of the Bush Administration, when there was a Democratic majority in the Senate, only three nominations took as long as nine months from initial nomination to confirmation--that is three nominations taking as long as 270 days in four years.  Last year the average for all nominees confirmed was over 230 days and 11 nominees confirmed last year alone took longer than nine months: Judge William Fletcher's confirmation took 41 months--the longest-pending judicial nomination in the history of the United States; Judge Hilda Tagle's confirmation took 32 months, Judge Susan Oki Mollway's confirmation took 30 months, Judge Ann Aiken's confirmation took 26 months, Judge Margaret McKeown's confirmation took 24 months, Judge Margaret Morrow's confirmation took 21 months, Judge Sonia Sotomayor's confirmation took 15 months, Judge Rebecca Pallmeyer's confirmation took 14 months, Judge Dan Polster's confirmation took 12 months, and Judge Victoria Roberts' confirmation took 11 months. Of these 11, eight are women or minority nominees. Another was Professor Fletcher, held up, in large measure because of opposition to his mother, Judge Betty Fletcher.  In 1997, of the 36 nominations eventually confirmed, 10 took more than 9 months before a final favorably Senate vote and 9 of those 10 extended over a year to a year and one-half. Indeed, in the four years that the Republican majority has controlled the Senate, the nominees that are taking more than 9 months has grown almost tenfold from 3 nominations to almost 30 over the last four years.  In 1996, the Republican Senate shattered the record for the average number of days from nomination to confirmation for judicial confirmation. The average rose to a record 183 days. In 1997, the average number of days from nomination to confirmation rose dramatically yet again, and that was during the first year of a presidential term. From initial nomination to confirmation, the average time it took for Senate action on the 36 judges confirmed in 1997 broke the 200-day barrierfor the first time in our history. It was 212 days.  Unfortunately, that time is still growing and the average is still rising to the detriment of the administration of justice. Last year the Senate broke its dismal record. The average time from nomination to confirmation for the 65 judges confirmed in 1998 was over 230 days.  Acting to fill judicial vacancies is a constitutional duty that the Senate--and all of its members--are obligated to fulfill. In its unprecedented slowdown in the handling of nominees since the 104th Congress, the Senate is shirking its duty. That is wrong and should end.  As the Senate recesses for the Independence Day holiday, I hope Senators will reflect on this record and the need to maintain the independence of the judiciary by acting more promptly on the nominations of the many fine men and women pending before us. We have 45 nominations still pending, the Senate having only acted on only two all year. The courts are faced with 72 vacancies, many of extensive duration. The Senate recesses with a sorry record of inaction on judicial nominations.  