President, I will take this side's time.  I have listened to the debate and read the amendment. It is deja vu. It is very similar to the Leahy law enforcement amendment that the Republican majority voted down yesterday. The Leahy amendment, which was the Democratic consensus position on gun control, included the enhanced parental penalties for the transfer of handguns, assault weapons, and high-capacity ammunition clips to juveniles and the ban on the juvenile possession of handguns, assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition clips. This amendment has a couple of changes. It increases the exceptions for such transfers.  But if imitation is the highest form of flattery, then I guess I should be flattered where all the Democrats signed onto the one amendment that was voted down by the Republicans yesterday. Of course, I am going to support this amendment, because it is so similar to the form of what we had yesterday.  I just wish it had adopted a couple of other consensus positions. I wish it included our gun ban for life for dangerous juvenile offenders. For the life of me, I cannot understand why the other side opposes my proposal, the Democrat proposal, that if you have a juvenile who is convicted of assault with a deadly weapon, is convicted of murder, or attempted murder, why that person should not be banned for life from owning a gun.  I wish it had the money that we put into mine that was dedicated just to Federal prosecution of the firearms violations. I wish it had the resources for firearm tracing that we put under the youth crime interdiction initiative. But perhaps when they look at the rest of my amendment that will be in the next Republican package. I hope it is.  To the extent that this primarily includes a number of the things that I had in my amendment yesterday, of course, I will be consistent enough to vote for it again this time.  Ralph Waldo Emerson once said: ``A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.'' There are no hobgoblins on the other side. They don't mind being inconsistent in voting for it today when they voted for it yesterday.  