Many of these grandfathered plants are currently not running at a high capacity because demand for their power production is limited to the size of their local distribution area. Under restructuring, the entire nation becomes the market for power and production at these grandfathered plants and their emissions will increase. Deregulation of all utilities will drive a national race to capture market share and profit through producing the cheapest power.  Some or all of the rider may apply to plants operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA). What do we know about TVA's fossil fired power plants in Tennessee, Kentucky, and Alabama? Fifty-eight of 59 units are grandfathered, with the average startup year being 1957, 13 years before the Clean Air Act was passed. The average electricity prices for the TVA states are 6.03 cents in Tennessee, 5.58 cents in Kentucky, and 6.74 cents in Alabama. The average price nationally in 1997 was 8.43 cents. TVA sells some of the cheapest electricity, in part, because it is operating these old, subsidized grandfathered plants. In a deregulated national market, will TVA be competitive? The answer is yes.  TVA-wide in 1997 the 59 units emitted 98.5 million tons of CO2, nearly 5% of the U.S. total for power plants. If the TVA plants were all in one state that state would rank sixth in CO2 emissions. In 1997, the TVA plants emitted 808,500 tons of acid rain producing SO2. If the TVA plants were all in one state that state would rank fifth in SO2 emissions. Unfortunately we do not have comparable data for ozone producing nitrogen oxide emissions or for emissions of toxic mercury, but I think my point on emissions is made. We should not be looking for a way to unfairly exempt TVA or other grandfathered plants from environmental regulations, rather we need to be looking for the best ways to bring these old plants up to date with current technology.  Again, I want to thank my colleagues for their conviction on objecting to this rider. Congress needs to close the grandfather loophole, not attempt backdoor ways to thwart the will of the prior Congresses that enacted the Clean Air Act of 1970, and the amendments to it in 1977 and 1990.  