President, today we have another opportunity to proceed to conference on the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill. Or today we can be delayed, again, by those who prefer no action and no conference to moving forward on the issues of juvenile violence and crime.  I came to the floor this Monday and last Wednesday to demonstrate the seriousness with which Senate Democrats take the matters included in S. 254, the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill.  On Monday the majority leader was able to vitiate the cloture vote that had been scheduled and proceed to take up the House juvenile justice bill, H.R. 1501. He then offered amendment number 1344 to insert the text of S. 254, the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill that passed the Senate after two weeks of open debate and after significant improvements on May 20, by a strong bipartisan vote of 73-25. In so doing, he struck Title VII of the Senate bill, which contained the amendment on the import ban for high capacity ammunition clips.  It was this provision that the House used to justify its decision to return S. 254 to the Senate on the ground that it contains what they consider a ``revenue provision'' that did not originate in the House. This, too, is consistent with the unanimous consent request that I first propounded last Wednesday and that the Majority Leader sought last Thursday.  I trust that once we obtain cloture on substituting the Senate bill for the House text, which is standard practice before seeking a conference, that the Majority Leader will move to instruct the conferees to reinsert the language that has been omitted from the Senate text to cure the technical objection of the House. That, too, would be consistent with the unanimous consents previously sought.  We will then be in position to have the Senate request the long-delayed conference and appoint its conferees.  One week ago, I took the extraordinary step of propounding a unanimous consent request to move the Senate to a House-Senate conference. I talked to the Majority Leader and the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee in advance of making the unanimous consent request. I noted the history of this measure and the need to move to conference expeditiously if we are to have these programs in place before school resumes in the fall in the course of my colloquy with the Majority Leader last week.  Two weeks ago, Republican leaders of the House and Senate were talking about appointing conferees by the end of that week. Instead, they took no action to move us toward a House-Senate conference but, instead, were moving us away from one. By propounding the unanimous consent last week, I was trying on behalf of congressional Democrats, to break the logjam. The unanimous consent would have cured the procedural technicality and would have resulted in the Senate requesting a conference and appointing conferees without further delay.  While I regret that Republican objection was made to my request last Wednesday, I thank the majority leader for the steps he is taking. Senate Democrats have been ready to go to conference. Unfortunately, objection from the other side of the aisle has extended the normal process from literally seconds into days and possibly weeks before we can conference this important matter.  Today, the Senate takes the second step outlined in my unanimous request, moving toward substituting the Senate bill for the text sent to us by the House. Senators can cooperate in taking the additional steps outlined in my consent request to get to a conference and the Senate could proceed to appoint its conferees and request a conference without further delay, even today.  Alternatively, Senators can exercise their procedural rights to obstruct each step of the way and require a series of cloture petitions and votes. I hope that in the interests of school safety and enacting the many worthwhile programs in the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill, they will begin to cooperate. The delay is costing us valuable time to get this juvenile justice legislation enacted before school resumes this fall.  I spoke to the Senate before the July 4th recess about the need to press forward without delay on this bill. I regret that it is beginning to look like I will be repeating that speech again as we approach the August recess and maybe even into September.  I have contrasted the inaction on the juvenile justice bill with the swift movement on providing special legal protections to certain business interests. In just a few months, big businesssuccessfully lobbied for the passage of legislation to protect themselves against any accountability for actions or losses their products may cause to consumers. This week the Senate is moving rather briskly on corporate welfare and other proposals.  Some on the other side of the aisle are dragging their feet and now actively obstructing the House and Senate from moving to appoint conferees on the juvenile justice bill that can make a difference in the lives of our children and families. New programs and protections for school children could be in place when school resumes this fall. The Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill is a firm and significant step in the right direction. The passage of this bill shows that when this body rolls up its sleeves and gets to work, we can make significant progress. But that progress will amount to naught if the House and Senate do not conference and proceed to final passage on a good bill.  Every parent, teacher and student in this country is concerned this summer about school violence over the last two years and worried about the situation they will confront this fall. Each one of us wants to do something to stop this violence. There is no single cause and no single legislative solution that will cure the ill of youth violence in our schools or in our streets. But we have an opportunity before us to do our part. It is unfortunate that the Senate is not moving full speed ahead to seize this opportunity to act on balanced, effective juvenile justice legislation.  I want to be assured that after the hard work we all put into crafting a good juvenile justice bill, that we can go to a House-Senate conference that is fair, full, and productive. We have worked too hard in the Senate for a strong bipartisan juvenile justice bill to simply shrug our shoulders when a narrow minority in the Senate would rather we do nothing. I urge all Senators to work to make today the day that we finally can request the overdue House-Senate conference on the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill.  