President, we have a number of highly-qualified nominees for judicial vacancies before the Senate and on the Executive Calendar. I want to be sure that the Senate treats them all fairly and accords each of them an opportunity for an up or down vote. I want to share with you a few of the cases that cry out for a Senate vote:  The first is Judge Richard Paez. He is a judicial nominee who has been awaiting consideration and confirmation by the Senate since January 1996--for over 3 and one-half years. The vacancy for which Judge Paez was nominated became a judicial emergency during the time his nomination has been pending without action by the Senate. His nomination was first received by the Senate almost 44 months ago and is still without a Senate vote. That is unconscionable.  Judge Paez has twice been reported favorably by the Senate Judiciary Committee to the Senate for final action. He is again on the Senate calendar. He was delayed 25 months before finally being accorded a confirmation hearing in February 1998. After being reported by the Judiciary Committee initially in March 1998, his nomination was held on the Senate Executive Calendar without action or explanation for over 7 months, for the remainder of the last Congress.  Judge Paez was renominated by the President again this year and his nomination was stalled without action before the Judiciary Committee until late July, when the Committee reported his nomination to the Senate for the second time. The Senate refused to consider the nomination before the August recess. I have repeatedly urged the Republican leadership to call this nomination up for consideration and a vote. The Republican leadership in the Senate has refused to schedule this nomination for an up or down vote.  Judge Paez has the strong support of both California Senators and a ``well-qualified'' rating from the American Bar Association. He has served as a municipal judge for 13 years and as a federal judge for four years.  In my view Judge Paez should be commended for the years he worked to provide legal services and access to our justice system for those without the financial resources otherwise to retain counsel. His work with the Legal Aid Foundation of Los Angeles, the Western Center on Law and Poverty and California Rural Legal Assistance for nine years should be a source of praise and pride.  Judge Paez has had the strong support of California judges familiar with his work, such as Justice H. Walter Crosky, and support from an impressive array of law enforcement officials, including Gil Garcetti, the Los Angeles District Attorney; the late Sherman Block, then Los Angeles County Sheriff; the Los Angeles County Police Chiefs' Association; and the Association for Los Angeles Deputy Sheriffs.  The Hispanic National Bar Association, the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund, the League of United Latin American Citizens, the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials, and many, many others have been seeking a vote on this nomination for what now amounts to years.  I want to commend the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee for his steadfast support of this nominee and Senator Boxer and Senator Feinstein of California for their efforts on his behalf.  Last year the words of the Chief Justice of the United States were ringing in our ears with respect to the delays in Senate consideration of judicial nomination. He had written:       Some current nominees have been waiting considerable time      for a Senate Judiciary Committee vote or a final floor vote.      . . . The Senate is surely under no obligation to confirm any      particular nominee, but after the necessary time for inquiry      it should vote him up or vote him down.  Richard Paez's nomination to the Ninth Circuit had already been pending for 24 months when the Chief Justice issued that statement--and that was almost two years ago. The Chief Justice's words resound in connection with the nomination of Judge Paez. He has twice been reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee. It was been pending for almost 44 months. The court to which he was nominated has multiple vacancies. In fairness to Judge Paez and all the people served by the Ninth Circuit, the Senate should vote on this nomination.  Justice Ronnie White is another nominee who has been pending before the Senate without a vote for an exceedingly long time. In June I gave a Senate speech marking the 2-year anniversary of the nomination of this outstanding jurist to what is now a judicial emergency vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri. He is currently a member of the Missouri Supreme Court.  He was nominated by President Clinton in June of 1997. It took 11 months before the Senate would even allow him to have a confirmation hearing. His nomination was then reported favorably on a 13 to 3 vote by the Senate Judiciary Committee on May 21, 1998. Senators Hatch, Thurmond, Grassley, Specter, Kyl, and DeWine were the Republican members of the Committee who voted for him along with the Democratic members. Senators Ashcroft, Abraham and Sessions voted against him.  Even though he had been voted out overwhelmingly, he sat on the calendar last year, and the nomination was returned to the President after 16 months with no action.  The President renominated him and on July 22 the Senate Judiciary Committee again reported the nomination favorably to the Senate, this time by a vote of two to one.  Justice White deserves better than benign neglect. The people of Missouri deserve a fully qualified and fully staffed Federal bench.  Justice White has one of the finest records--and the experience and standing--of any lawyer that has come before the Judiciary Committee. He has served in the Missouri legislature, the office of the city counselor for the City of St. Louis, and he was a judge in the Missouri Court of Appeals for the Eastern District of Missouri before his current service as the first African-American ever to serve on the Missouri Supreme Court.  Having been voted out of Committee twice, he has now been forced to waitfor more than two years for Senate action. This distinguished African-American at least deserves the respect of this Senate, and he should be allowed a vote, up or down. Senators can stand up and say they will vote for or against him, but let this man have his vote. Twenty-seven months after being nominated, the nomination remains pending before the Senate. I would certainly like to see Justice White be accorded an up or down vote.  I have been concerned for the last several years that it seems women and minority nominees are being delayed and not considered. I spoke to the Senate about this situation on May 22, June 22 and, again, on October 8 last year. Over the last couple of years the Senate has failed to act on the nominations of Judge James A. Beaty, Jr. to be the first African-American judge on the Fourth Circuit; Jorge C. Rangel to the Fifth Circuit; Clarence J. Sundram to the District Court for the Northern District of New York; Anabelle Rodriguez to the District Court in Puerto Rico; and many others.  In explaining why he chose to withdraw from consideration for renomination after waiting 15 months for Senate action, Jorge Rangel wrote to the President and explained:       Our judicial system depends on men and women of good will      who agree to serve when asked to do so. But public service      asks too much when those of us who answer the call to service      are subjected to a confirmation process dominated by      interminable delays and inaction. Patience has its virtues,      but it also has its limits.  Last year the average for all nominees confirmed was over 230 days and 11 nominees confirmed last year took longer than 9 months: Judge William Fletcher's confirmation took 41 months--it became the longest-pending judicial nomination in the history of the United States; Judge Hilda Tagle's confirmation took 32 months, Judge Susan Oki Mollway's confirmation took 30 months, Judge Ann Aiken's confirmation took 26 months, Judge Margaret McKeown's confirmation took 24 months, Judge Margaret Morrow's confirmation took 21 months, Judge Sonia Sotomayor's confirmation took 15 months, Judge Rebecca Pallmeyer's confirmation took 14 months, Judge Ivan Lemelle's confirmation took 14 months, Judge Dan Polster's confirmation took 12 months, and Judge Victoria Roberts' confirmation took 11 months. Of these 11, eight are women or minority nominees. Another was Professor Fletcher was held up, in large measure because of opposition to his mother, Judge Betty Fletcher.  In 1997, of the 36 nominations eventually confirmed, 9, fully one-quarter of all those confirmed, took more than 9 months before a final favorable Senate vote.  In 1996, the Republican Senate shattered the record for the average number of days from nomination to confirmation for judicial confirmation. The average rose to a record 183 days. In 1997, the average number of days from nomination to confirmation rose dramatically yet again, and that was during the first year of a presidential term. From initial nomination to confirmation, the average time it took for Senate action on the 36 judges confirmed in 1997 broke the 200-day barrier for the first time in our history. It was 212 days.  Unfortunately, that time is still growing and the average is still rising to the detriment of the administration of justice. Last year the Senate broke its dismal record. The average time from nomination to confirmation for the 65 judges confirmed in 1998 was over 230 days.  Acting to fill judicial vacancies is a constitutional duty that the Senate--and all of its members--are obligated to fulfill. In its unprecedented slowdown in the handling of nominees since the 104th Congress, the Senate is shirking its duty. That is wrong and should end. The Senate recesses with a sorry record of inaction on judicial nominations.  Another example of a longstanding nominee who is being denied a Senate vote is Marsha Berzon. Fully one-quarter of the active judgeships authorized for that Court remain vacant, as they have been for several years. The Judicial Conference recently requested that Ninth Circuit judgeships be increased in light of its workload by an additional five judges. That means that while Ms. Berzon's nomination has been pending, that Court has been forced to struggle through its extraordinary workload with 12 fewer judges than it needs.  Marsha Berzon is an outstanding nominee. By all accounts, she is an exceptional lawyer with extensive appellate experience, including a number of cases heard by the Supreme Court. She has the strong support of both California Senators and a well-qualified rating from the American Bar Association.  She was initially nominated in January 1998, almost 20 months ago. She participated in an extensive two-part confirmation hearing before the Committee back on July 30, 1998. Thereafter she received a number of sets of written questions from a number of Senators and responded in August of last year. A second round of written questions was sent and she responded by the middle of September of last year. Despite the efforts of Senator Feinstein, Senator Kennedy, Senator Specter and myself to have her considered by the Committee, she was not included on an agenda and not voted on during all of 1998. Her nomination was returned to the President without action by this Committee or the Senate last October.  This year the President renominated Ms. Berzon in January. She participated in her second confirmation hearing in June, was sent additional sets of written questions, responded and got and answered another round. I do not know why those questions were not asked last year.  Finally, on July 1 more than two months ago and before Mr. Stewart was even nominated, the Committee considered the nomination and agreed to report it to the Senate favorably. After more than a year and one-half the Senate should, at long last, vote on the nomination. Senators who find some reason to oppose this exceptionally qualified woman lawyer can vote against her if they choose, but she should be accorded an up or down vote. That is what I have been asking for and that is what fairness demands.  Unfortunately, the list goes on and on. In addition, there is the nomination of Timothy Dyk to the Federal Circuit. Tim Dyk was initially nominated in April 1998, and participated in a confirmation hearing last July. He was favorably reported to the Senate by a vote of 14 to 4 last September. His was one of the several judicial nominations not acted upon by the Senate last year before it adjourned. Instead, the Senate returned this nomination to the President without action.  The President proceeded to renominate Mr. Dyk in January 1999. Since then, his nomination, which had been favorably reported last year, has been in limbo. I raised his nomination at our first Committee meeting of the year in February and a number of times thereafter. Still, he is being held hostage in the Committee without action.  There are the nominations of Barry Goode to the Ninth Circuit, who was first nominated in June 1998 and is still patiently awaiting a confirmation hearing; of Julio Fuentes to the Third Circuit, has been pending three times longer than the Stewart nomination and is still awaiting his confirmation hearing; of Ray Fisher to the Ninth Circuit, who is an outstanding lawyer and public servant now Associate Attorney General of the United States Department of Justice and was reported by the Committee on a vote of 16 to 2 but remains held on the Senate Calendar. There are the nominations of Alston Johnson to the Fifth Circuit, James Duffy to the Ninth Circuit, and Elena Kagan to the D.C. Circuit, among others who were nominated before Mr. Stewart. There are the district court nominations of Legrome Davis and Lynette Norton in Pennsylvania, Virginia Phillips, James Lorenz, Dolly Gee and Frederic Woocher in California, Rich Leonard in North Carolina, Frank McCarthy in Oklahoma, Patricia Coan in Colorado, and William Joseph Haynes, Jr. in Tennessee, to name a few.  All together, there are more than 30 pending judicial nominations that were received by the Senate before it received the Stewart nomination and they need our attention, too. That is the point I am trying to make. I understand that nominations are not considered in lockstep order based on the date of receipt. I understand and respect the prerogatives of the majorityparty and the Majority Leader. I appreciate the interest of the Chairman of the Committee in filling vacancies in his State and want to work with him. I ask only that the Senate be fair to these other nominees, as well. In my view, Ted Stewart is entitled to a vote on his nomination and should get it, but these other nominees should be accorded fair treatment, as well. Nominees like Judge Richard Paez, Justice Ronnie White, and Marsha Berzon should be voted on up or down by the Senate. We are asking and have been asking the Republican leadership to schedule votes on those nominations so that action on all the nominations can move forward.  