President, I understand the parliamentary situation. But I want to strongly support the amendment of both Senator Specter and Senator Schumer.  The distinguished Senator from New York has been a tremendous advocate for his dairy farmers, and this amendment is critical to keeping them in business. Upstate New York, just as Vermont, needs a compact to keep their dairy industry alive.  The distinguished senior Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Specter, has taken the lead on this issue for years for his dairy farmers in Pennsylvania. He recognizes that participating in our regional compact will increase farm income at a time when dairy farmers around the Nation are in dire straits.  I will continue to fight for them--for a Southern compact and for a Northeast compact. There will be other opportunities this year. I stand united with them. Congress should not stand in the way of the wishes of 25 Governors, 25 State senates, and 25 State assemblies, or house of representatives--especially when all they want is to provide a safety net for their dairy farmers without raiding the Federal Treasury.  We talk about billions of dollars in farm programs. We are asking everybody to embrace these compacts because they do not cost the taxpayers anything.  Napoleon said that ``sometimes the most trifling thing decides the fate of battle.'' In this case, the new rule changes of rule XVI coupled with bringing up the Senate Agriculture appropriations bill makes it difficult to extend the compact to the additional 19 States that already have approved compacts. Eventually it will be done. I will do everything possible to get it done.  The National Grange pointed out that ``regional dairy compacts offer the best opportunity to preserve family dairy farms.''  The Grange goes on to support the Southern Dairy compact since a Southern Compact would ``provide dairy farmers in that region with a stable price structure for the milk they produce while assuring the region a viable supply of locally produced milk.''  I support both the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Specter, and the Senator from New York, Mr. Schumer, and appreciate all of the tremendous work they have done for the dairy farmers.  