President, this morning I voted against the Conference Report for the Labor-HHS-Education-DC Appropriations bill. I am extremely disappointed with the budgetary stalemate that this Congress seems to have reached. This Congress is yet to do much work that we should be proud of and more than a month into the new fiscal year, we have failed to even complete our appropriations work.  I want to mention just a few of the problems I had with this Conference Report. First, this Report made significant reductions to essential programs funded through the Education Department. For example, the proposal before us provided no funding for a class size reduction program that this Congress supported just last year. Vermont is a state that generally enjoys small class sizes for our students. But even Vermont, a rural state with fairly small student to teacher ratios benefits, from the President's visionary program to put more teachers into our class rooms.  Second, this Conference Report made unacceptable cuts to programs funded through the Department of Health and Human Services. For example, this bill cuts $44 million in requests from the Centers for Disease Control to immunize over 333,000 children against childhood diseases.  In addition to these programmatic cuts, the Conference Report containedbudget gimmicks including the use of the Social Security Trust Fund and an across the board cut in spending that reflects Congress' inability to budget responsibly. I understand the President made it very clear that he will veto this Report when it gets to his desk. In spite of this knowledge, my colleagues on the other side felt it was a productive use of our time to none the less move forward with an unacceptable bill, rather than attempt to negotiate and reach a compromise.  The conference report included a .97 percent across the board, government-wide cut in all discretionary programs. This included the funding for programs such as education and crime prevention--two essential programs for ensuring the safety of our youth. The Office of Management and Budget has estimated some of the effects of this type of across the board cut. For example, approximately 71,000 fewer women, infants, and children would benefit from the important Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, also known as the WIC program. An across the board cut of this nature would also mean 1.3 million fewer Meals on Wheels will be delivered to the elderly.  Americans have witnessed over the past several weeks an enormous amount of finger pointing from both sides of the aisle about who's using the Social Security surplus and who's not. I don't think there's much to dispute. According to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office, even with the so-called across the board cuts, the Republican proposed spending plan will still mean taking $17 billion from the Social Security Trust Fund.  Let's step back and look at the message that we have sent to Americans by agreeing to this Conference Report and sending it to the President. We have made a statement that we are not interested in placing our students into smaller class sizes even though research has shown they will learn faster with less discipline problems and will have higher high school graduation rates. We have said that we are not interested in ensuring the health of our children by providing immunizations that are known to prevent severe illness and even death form numerous childhood diseases. Finally, we have said that we are not concerned about the nutrition of our women and children nor are we interested in the nutrition of our homebound elderly.  What kind of priorities does this Congress have? Looking at this Conference Report and at our work over the past few months, it's hard for me to tell. We have failed on many fronts to do the work the people of this country have sent us here to do. We haven't passed a comprehensive Patients' Bill of Rights. We have not passed responsible gun control legislation. Just last week we were reminded that we have failed to pass comprehensive medical privacy legislation, leaving the Administration to do our work for us. And now, we can't even do one of our most important jobs--appropriating responsibly.  Mr. President, the Labor-HHS-Education-DC Appropriations Conference Report that this Senate passed this morning is just another example of where this Congress has failed. I look forward to the day when we can return to a time when we act responsibly and do the work the American people expect of us.  