President, this is the third Congress in which I have introduced and sponsored legislation to update our country's encryption policies. My objective has been to bolster the competitive edge of our Nation's high-tech companies, allow Americans to protect their online and electronically stored confidential information, trade secrets and intellectual property, and promote global electronic commerce. I am pleased to join Senators McCain, Wyden and Burns, in this continuing effort with the ``Promote Reliable On-Line Transactions to Encourage Commerce and Trade (PROTECT) Act of 1999.''  In May 1996, I chaired a hearing on the Administration's ill-fated Clipper Chip key escrow encryption program that drove home the need for relaxed export controls on strong encryption. U.S. export controls on encryption technology were having a clear negative effect on the competitiveness of American hi-tech companies. Moreover, these controls were discouraging the use of strong encryption domestically since manufacturers generally made and marketed one product for both for export and for domestic use here. At that hearing I heard testimony about 340 foreign encryption products that were available worldwide--including for import into the United States--155 of which employed encryption in a strength that American companies were prohibited from exporting. That number has grown exponentially. As of December, 1997, there were 656 foreign encryption products available from 474 vendors in 29 different foreign countries.  American companies certainly do not enjoy a monopoly on encryption know-how. The U.S. Commerce Department's National Institute for Standard and Technology (NIST) is developing an Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) to update the U.S. Data Encryption Standard (DES), the current global encryption standard. Only 5 of the 15 AES candidate algorithms submitted to NIST for evaluation were proposed from American companies or individuals. The remaining proposals came from Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, Korea, United Kingdom, Israel, Norway, and Belgium.  In the 104th Congress, I introduced encryption legislation on March 5, 1996, with Senators Burns, Dole, Murray and others, to help Americans better protect their online privacy and allow American companies to compete more effectively in the global hi-tech marketplace. Specifically, the ``Encrypted Communications Privacy Act of 1996,'' S. 1587, would have relaxed export controls on strong encryption and promoted the widespread use of encryption to protect the security, confidentiality and privacy of online communications and stored electronic data. This bill would have legislatively confirmed the freedom of Americans to use and sell in the United States any encryption technology that most appropriately met their privacy and security needs. In addition, this bill would have relaxed export controls to allow the export of encryption products when comparable strength encryption was available from foreign suppliers, and encryption products that were generally available or in the public domain.  In the years since that bill was introduced, the Administration has made some positive changes in its export policies. In October 1996, the Administration allowed the export of 56-bit DES encryption by companies that agreed to develop key recovery systems. This policy was supposed to sunset in two years. I strongly criticized this policy at the time, warning that this ``sunset'' provision ``does not promote our high-tech industries overseas.'' In fact, when the time came last year to return to the old export regime that allowed the export of only 40-bit encryption, the Administration relented and continues to permit the export of 56-bit encryption, with the condition of developing encryption programs with recoverable keys.  The proposals I made in 1996 made sense then, and versions of these provisions are incorporated into the PROTECT Act today.  Specifically, the PROTECT Act would provide immediate relief by allowing the export of encryption using key lengths of up to 64 bits. In addition, stronger encryption (more than 64-bit key lengths) would be exportable under a license exception, upon determination by a new Encryption Export Advisory Board that the product or service is generally available, publicly available or a comparable product is available from a foreign supplier. This determination is subject to approval by the Secretary of Commerce and to override by the President on national security grounds.  This relief is important since the time and effort to crack 56-bit DES encryption is getting increasingly short. Indeed, earlier this year, a group of civilian computer experts broke a 56-bit encrypted message in less than 24 hours, beating a July 1998 effort that took 56 hours.  The breaking of 56-bit encryption comes as no surprise to those doing business, engaging in research, or conducting their personal affairs online. While 56-bit encryption may still serve as the global standard, this will not be the situation for much longer. 128-bit encryption is now the preferred encryption strength.  For example, in order to access online account information from the Thrift Savings Plan for Federal Employees, Members and congressional staff must use 128-bit encryption. If you use weaker encryption, a screen pops up to say ``you cannot have access to your account information because your Web browser does not have Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and 128-bit encryption (the strong U.S./Canada-only version).''  Likewise, the Department of Education has set up a Web site that allows prospective students to apply for student financial aid online. Significantly, the Education's Departmentstates that ``[t]o achieve maximum protection we recommend you use 128-bit encryption.''  These are just a couple examples of government agencies or associated organizations directing or urging Americans to use 128-bit encryption. We should assume that people in other countries are getting the same directions and recommendations. Unfortunately, while American companies can fill the demand for this strong encryption here, they are not permitted to sell it abroad for use by people in other countries.  Significantly, the PROTECT Act would permit the export of 128-bit (and higher) AES products by January 1, 2002. While not providing relief as quickly as I have urged in other encryption legislation, including the E-PRIVACY Act, S. 2067, in the last Congress, this bill moves in the right direction, and provides a sunset for unworkable encryption export controls. In my view, this bill would give most Internet users access to the strongest tools they need to protect their privacy starting in 2002--a long time by Net standards, but time our law enforcement and intelligence agencies say they need to address the global proliferation of strong encryption.  Encryption is a critical tool for Americans to protect their privacy and safeguard their confidential electronic information, such as credit card numbers, personal health information, or private messages, from online thieves and snoops. This is important to encourage the continued robust growth of electronic commerce. A March 1999 report of the Vermont Internet Commerce Research Project that I commissioned analyzed barriers to Internet commerce in my home State, and found that ``the strongest obstacle among consumers'' was the perceived lack of security.  Focusing on the export regime for encryption technology is only one aspect, albeit an important one, in the larger debate over how best to protect privacy in a digital and online environment. Legislation to provide encryption export relief is a start, but we also have important work to do in addressing broader privacy issues, such as establishing standards for law enforcement access to decryption assistance. I look forward to working with Senators McCain, Wyden and Burns on passage of the PROTECT Act as well as other privacy legislation.  