President, we have a number of judges to discuss tonight:  There is Brian Theadore Stewart--I see the distinguished Senator from Utah on the floor, who I am sure will be speaking of him.  There is Justice Ronnie L. White--I see the distinguished Senator from Missouri, who will be speaking about him and has specific reserved time for that.  And there is the nomination of Raymond C. Fisher.  Utilizing some of the time reserved to me and the distinguished chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I will make sure that whatever amount of time the distinguished Senator from Utah wishes will be available to him.  I would like to start by mentioning how we got here. On Friday, the Democratic leader was able to get an agreement from the majority leader scheduling an up-or-down vote on Ray Fisher, Ted Stewart, and Ronnie White tomorrow afternoon, with some debate this evening. I thank the Democratic leader for his assistance in obtaining those agreements. I know that it was not easy to obtain a date certain for a vote on the Fisher nomination and I am especially grateful that at long last, after 27 months, the Senate will finally be voting on the White nomination.  I begin with the Fisher nomination. Raymond Fisher is a distinguished Californian. After being confirmed by the Senate in 1977, he has served as Associate Attorney General of the United States. He served on the Los Angeles Police Commission from 1995 to 1997. He chaired it from 1996 to 1997. In 1990, he was deputy general counsel for the Independent Commission on the Los Angeles Police Department, better known as the Christopher Commission, chaired by Warren Christopher.  He received his undergraduate degree in 1961 from the University of California at Santa Barbara; And he received his law degree from Stanford Law School in 1966, where he was president of the Stanford Law Review. Following law school, he clerked for the Honorable J. Skelly Wright on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and for the Honorable William Brennan on the U.S. Supreme Court. In other words, a lawyer's lawyer.  For almost 30 years, he was a litigation attorney in private practice in Los Angeles at Tuttle & Taylor and then as the managing partner of the Los Angeles offices of Heller, Ehrman, White & McAuliffe. He is a highly respected member of the bar and a dedicated public servant.  He has the very strong support of both California Senators. He received a rating of well qualified--in other words, the highest rating--from the American Bar Association. He has the support of Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan, the Los Angeles police department, the National Association of Police Organizations, and the Fraternal Order of Police.  He was nominated back on March 15, 1999. He had a hearing before the Judiciary Committee and in July he was promptly and favorably reported. I do not know why his nomination was not taken up immediately and confirmed before the August recess, but it is still here and will now receive consideration. The Senate should vote to confirm him, as I fully expect we will.  I note that the Senate has before it ready for final confirmation vote two other judge nominees to the same court, the Ninth Circuit, Judge Richard Paez and Marsha Berzon. Also pending before the Judiciary Committee are the nominations of Ron Gould, first nominated in 1997; Barry Goode, first nominated in June 1998; and James Duffy to the Ninth Circuit. It is a Court of Appeals that remains one quarter vacant with 7 vacancies among its 28 authorized judges.  We should be voting up or down on the Paez and Berzon nominations today. I think we need to fulfill our duty not only to each of these outstanding nominees as a matter of conscience and decency on our part, but also for the tens of millions of people who are served by the Ninth Circuit. Unfortunately, as was brought out Friday, a few Republican Senators--anonymously--are still holding up action on these other important nominations.  To his credit, the majority leader has come to the floor and said he will try to find a way for the two nominations to be considered by the Senate. I know that if the majority leader wishes the nominees will come to a vote. The way is to call them to a fair up-or-down vote. We should find a way to do that as soon as possible.  I certainly have tried to work directly and explain what I have done on the floor in working with the majority leader on the nominations. I am happy to work with the Senators who are blocking them from going forward, but we do not know who they are. In fact, we had a policy announced at the beginning of this year that we would no longer use secret holds in the Senate. Unfortunately, Judge Paez and Marsha Berzon are still confronting a secret hold as their nominations are obstructed under a cloak of anonymity after 44 months and 20 months, respectively. That is wrong and unfair.  The distinguished Senators from California, Mrs. Boxer and Mrs. Feinstein, have urged continuously over and over again on this floor, in committee, in caucuses, in individual conversations with Senators on both sides of the aisle, that the nominations of Berzon and Paez go forward. I see the distinguished Senator from California, Mrs. Boxer, on the floor.  I think I can state unequivocally for her, as for Senator Feinstein, that no Democrat objects to Judge Paez going forward. No Democrat objects to Marsha Berzon going forward. If nobody is objecting on this side of the aisle to going forward, I strongly urge those who support--as many, many do--Judge Paez and Marsha Berzon's nominations, that they call each of the 55 Senators on the other side of the aisle and ask them: Are you objecting to them going forward? Would you object to them going forward? Find out who is holding them up. They are entitled to a vote.  To continue this delay demeans the Senate. I have said that I have great respect for this institution and its traditions. Certainly after 25 years, my respect is undiminished. But in this case, I see the treatment of these nominations as part of a pattern of what has happened on judicial nominations for the last few years. If you are a minority or a woman, it takes longer to go through this Senate as a judicial nomination. That is a fact. It is not just me noting it, but impartial outside observers have reported in the last few weeks that a woman or a minority takes longer to be confirmed by the Senate as it is presently constituted.  The use of secret holds for an extended period is wrong and beneath the Senate. We can have 95 Senators for a nominee but 5, 4, 3, 2, or 1 can stop that person--after 4 years with respect to Judge Paez; after 2 years with respect to Marsha Berzon.  Let us vote up or down. If Members do not want either one of them, vote against them; if Members want them, vote for them. But allow them to come to a vote. Do not hide behind anonymous holds. Do not allow this precedent to continue that we seem to have started that women and minorities take longer.  Judge Richard Paez is an outstanding jurist and a source of great pride and inspiration to Hispanics in California and around the country. He served as a local judge before being confirmed by the Senate to the federal bench several years ago and is currently a Federal District Court Judge. He has twice been reported to the Senate by the Judiciary Committee in connection with his nomination to the Court of Appeals and has spent a total of 9 months over the last 2 years on the Senate Executive Calendar awaiting the opportunity for a final confirmation vote. His nomination was first received by the Senate in January 1996, 44 months ago.  Marsha Berzon is one of the most qualified nominees I have seen in 25 years and the Republican Chairman of the Judiciary Committee has said the same thing. Her legal skills are outstanding, her practice and productivity have been extraordinary. Lawyers against whom she has litigated regard her as highly qualified for the bench. Nominated for a judgeship within the Circuit that saw this Senate hold up the nominations of other qualified women for months and years--people like Margaret Morrow, Ann Aiken, Margaret McKeown and Susan Oki Mollway--she was first nominated in January 1998, some 20 months ago.  The Atlanta Constitution noted recently:       Two U.S. appellate court nominees, Richard Paez and Marsha      Berzon, both of California, have been on hold for four years      and 20 months respectively. When Democrats tried * * * to get      their colleagues to vote on the pair at long last, the      Republicans scuttled the maneuver. * * * This partisan      stalling, this refusal to vote up or down on nominees, is      unconscionable. It is not fair, It is not right, It is no way      to run the federal judiciary. * * * This ideological      obstructionism is so fierce that it strains our justice      system and sets a terrible partisan example for years to      come.  It is against this backdrop that I, again, ask the Senate to be fair to these judicial nominees and all nominees. For the last few years the Senate has allowed 1 or 2 or 3 secret holds to stop judicial nominations from even getting a vote. That is wrong.  The Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court wrote in January last year:       Some current nominees have been waiting a considerable time      for a Senate Judiciary Committee vote or a final floor vote.      * * * The Senate is surely under no obligation to confirm any      particular nominee, but after the necessary time for inquiry      it should vote him up or vote him down.  At the time the Chief Justice issued this challenge, Judge Paez' nomination had already been pending for 24 months. The Senate received the Berzon nomination within days of the Chief Justice's report. That was almost 2 years ago and still the Senate stalls and refuses to vote. Let us follow the advice of the Chief Justice. Let the Republican leadership schedule up or down votes on the nominations of Judge Paez and Marsha Berzon so that the Senate can finally act on them. Let us be fair to all.  Recently, the Washington Post noted: ``[T]he Constitution does not make the Senate's role in the confirmation process optional, and the Senate ends up abdicating responsibility when the majority leader denies nominees a timely vote. All the nominees awaiting floor votes * * * should receive them immediately.''  Democrats are living up to our responsibilities. The debate over the last couple of weeks has focused the Senate and the public on the unconscionable treatment by the Senate majority of selected nominees. The most prominent examples of that treatment are Judge Paez and Marsha Berzon. With respect to these nominations, the Senate is refusing to do its constitutional duty and vote.  The Florida Sun-Sentinel wrote recently: ``The `Big Stall' in the U.S. Senate continues, as senators work slower and slower each year in confirming badly needed federal judges. . . . This worsening process is inexcusable, bordering on malfeasance in office, especially given the urgent need to fill vacancies on a badly undermanned federal bench. . . . The stalling, in many cases, is nothing more than a partisan political dirty trick.''  A recent report by the Task Force on Judicial Selection of Citizens for Independent Courts verifies that the time to confirm female nominees is now significantly longer than that to confirm male nominees--a difference that has defied logical explanation. The report recommends that ``the responsible officials address this matter to assure that candidates for judgeships are not treated differently based on their gender.'' Those responsible are not on this side of the aisle. I recall all too well the gauntlet that such outstanding woman nominees as Margaret Morrow, Ann Aiken, Margaret McKeown, Susan Oki Mollway, Sonia Sotumayor were forced to run. Now it is Marsha Berzon who is being delayed and obstructed, another outstanding woman judicial nominee held up, and held up anonymously because she will be confirmed if allowed a fair up or down vote.  I likewise recall all too well the way in which other qualified nominees were held up and defeated without a vote. The honor roll of outstanding minority nominees who have been defeated without a vote is already too long, including as it does Judge James A. Beaty, Jr., Jorge C. Rangel, Anabelle Rodriquez and Clarence Sundram. It should not be extended further. Senate Republicans have chosen to stall Hispanic, women and other minority nominees long enough. It is wrong and should end.  Nominees deserve to be treated with dignity and dispatch--not delayed for 2 and 3 and 4 years. I continue to urge the Republican Senate leadership to proceed to vote on the nominations of Judge Richard Paez and Marsha Berzon. There was never a justification for the Republican majority to deny these judicial nominees a fair up or down vote. There is no excuse for their continuing failure to do so.  I know the Senate will do the right thing and confirm Ray Fisher to the Ninth Circuit tomorrow and that he will be an outstanding judge. I will continue my efforts to bring to a vote the nominations of Judge Richard Paez and Marsha Berzon.  We also will get the opportunity tomorrow to vote on the nomination of Justice Ronnie White. As I reminded the Senate last Friday, he is an outstanding jurist and currently a member of the Missouri Supreme Court. We have now a judicial emergency vacancy on the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Missouri while his nomination has been held up for 27 months.  Ronnie White was nominated by President Clinton in June of 1997--not June of 1999 or 1998, but June of 1997. It took 11 months before the Senate would allow him to have a confirmation hearing. At that hearing, the senior Senator from Missouri, Mr. Bond, and Representative Bill Clay, the dean of the State's congressional delegation, came forward with strong praise for the nominee. Senator Bond urged Members to act fairly on Judge White's nomination to the district court and noted Justice White's integrity, character, and qualifications, and concluded that he believes Justice White understands the role of a Federal judge is to interpret the law, not to make law.  Once considered at a hearing, Justice White's nomination was reported favorably on a 13-3 vote by the Senate Judiciary Committee on May 21, 1998. Senators Hatch, Thurmond, Grassley, Specter, Kyl, and DeWine were the Republican Members voting for him, along with all Democratic Members.  Even though he was voted out 13-3, the nomination was held on the Senate Executive Calendar without action until the Senate adjourned last year, and returned to the President after 16 months with no Senate action. A secret hold had done its work and cost this fine man and outstanding jurist an up-or-down vote. The President renominated him back in January of this year. We reported his nomination favorably a second time this year a few months ago.  Justice White deserves better than benign negligence. The people of Missouri deserve a fully qualified and staffed Federal bench. He has one of the finest records and experience of any lawyer to come before the Judiciary Committee in my 25 years there. He served in the Missouri Legislature, the Office of the City Council for the city of St. Louis, and as a judge in the Court of Appeals for the Eastern District of Missouri before his current service as the first African American ever to serve on the Missouri Supreme Court.  I believe he will be an invaluable asset. I am pleased we are finally having a discussion, even though 27 months is too long to wait, too long to wait for a floor vote, on this distinguished African American justice. Finally he will get the respect he should have from this body.  Acting to fill judicial vacancies is a constitutional duty that the Senate--and all of its Members--are obligated to fulfill. In its unprecedented slowdown in the handling of nominees since the 104th Congress, the Senate is shirking its duty. That is wrong and should end.  Let us show respect to the federal judiciary and to the American people to whom justice is being denied due to this unprecedented slowdown in the confirmation process. I am proud to support the nomination of Justice Ronnie White for United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Missouri. I was delighted when last Friday, the Democratic leader was able to announce that we had finally been able to obtain Republican agreement to vote on this nomination. I thank the Democratic leader and all who have helped bring us to the vote tomorrow on the nomination of Justice White. It has been a long time coming.  Tomorrow the Senate will act on the nomination of Brian Theadore Stewart, who has not had to wait a long time with the others. I have said over the last few weeks that I do not begrudge Ted Stewart a Senate vote; rather, I believe that all the judicial nominations on the Senate Executive Calendar deserve a fair up or down vote. That includes Judge Richard Paez, who was first nominated 44 months ago and Marsha Berzon who was first nominated 20 months ago.  Tomorrow we will vote on the Stewart nomination but Senate Republicans still refuse to vote on these two other qualified nominees who have been pending far longer.  The Senate was able to consider and vote on the nomination of Robert Bork to the United States Supreme Court in 12 weeks, the Senate was able to consider and vote on the nomination of Justice Clarence Thomas in 14 weeks. It is now approximately 2 months from the Senate's receipt of the Stewart nomination, and we are now about to vote on his confirmation. I feel even more strongly that we should also be voting on the nomination of Judge Richard Paez, which has been pending almost 4 years, and that of Marsha Berzon, which has been pending almost 2 years.  Despite strong opposition from many quarters from Utah and around the country, from environmentalists and civil rights advocates alike, I did not oppose the Stewart nomination in Committee. I noted Mr. Stewart's commitment to examine his role in a number of environmental matters while in the State government and to recuse himself from hearing cases in those areas. In response to questions from Chairman Hatch and Senator Feingold, Mr. Stewart committed to ``liberally interpret'' the recusal standards to ensure that those matters would be heard by a fair and impartial judge and to avoiding even the appearance of impropriety or possible conflicts of interest.  I cooperated in Chairman Hatch's efforts to expedite Committee consideration of the Stewart nomination with the expectation that these other nominees who have been held up so long, nominees like Judge Richard Paez and Marsha Berzon, were to be considered by the Senate and finally voted on, as well. The Chairman and I have both voted for Judge Paez each time he was considered by the Committee and we both voted for and support Marsha Berzon.  I have tried to work with the Chairman and with the Majority Leader on all these nominations. I would like to work with those Senators whom the Majority Leader is protecting from having to vote on the Paez and Berzon nominations, but I do not know who they are. Despite the policy against secret holds, there are apparently secret Senate holds against both Paez and Berzon. That is wrong and unfair.  As we prepare to vote on the nomination of Ted Stewart, the Senate should also be voting on the nominations of Judge Richard Paez and Marsha Berzon. The Stewart nomination has been pending barely 2 months, the Berzon nomination has been stalled for almost 2 years and the Paez nomination has set a new, all-time record, having now been pending for almost 4 years. The Paez nomination was referred to in the Los Angeles Times recently as the ``Cal Ripken of judicial confirmation battles.'' What is most shameful is that the Senate is obstructing an up-or-down vote on these nominations without debate, without accountability and under the cloak of anonymity.  Certainly no President has consulted more closely with Senators of the other party on judicial nominations, which has greatly expanded the time this Administration has taken to make nominations. The Senate should get about the business of voting on the confirmation of the scores of judicial nominations that have been delayed without justification for too long. We should start by voting up or down on the Paez and Berzon nominations without further delay. That is the fair thing to do. The Majority Leader committed last Friday to finding a way to bring these two nominations to a vote. It is time for those votes to be occur.  This summer, in his remarks to the American Bar Association, the President, again, urged us to action. We must redouble our efforts to work with the President to end the longstanding vacancies that plague the federal courts and disadvantage all Americans. That is our constitutional responsibility. I continue to urge the Republican Senate leadership to attend to these nominations without obstruction and proceed to vote on them with dispatch. The continuing refusal to vote on the nominations of Judge Richard Paez and Marsha Berzon demeans the Senate and all Americans.  It is my hope that the example we set here tonight and tomorrow will move the Senate into a new and more productive chapter of our efforts to consider judicial nominations. We are proceeding to vote on a judicial nominee that some Democratic Senators oppose in order to demonstrate our commitment to fairness for all. There was never a justification for the Republican majority to deny any judicial nominees a fair up or down vote. There is no excuse for their continuing failure to do so.  I will close with this. Let us move to a new and more productive chapter in our efforts to consider judicial nominations. Let us erase what has become a badge of shame for the Senate: You are a judicial nominee, and if you are a minority or a woman, no matter how good your qualifications are, you take much longer to go through this body than does a white male. That is a badge of shame on this great institution. Before we finish this year, we should erase it. We should say the Senate does not have a gender or a race or ethnicity qualification for judges. The Senate will vote on men nominees; vote them up or vote them down, but we will vote on them. We will not say if you are a woman or a minority you have to wait longer than anybody else because that is what the Senate has been doing and it is wrong. It is shameful. It is inexcusable. It demeans this great and wonderful institution.  