President, we are well aware of what the military does. The military will permit use--in fact, some suggest even will help underwrite, indirectly, the costs of a film if it makes the military look good.  The military has been known in the past to withdraw support, even classic films, if they suggest the military may have made a mistake anywhere--Vietnam or anywhere else. We have seen that kind of censorship.  I understand they are using military areas. I do not necessarily agree with it. I think they have been very sensitive with that, but then the military is used to censorship. They do it with the news. They did it during the gulf war. They did it during Vietnam. I suspect they are doing it now.  What I am concerned about, though, is when you talk about the vast forest land and somebody one day in the Department of Agriculture, who works on, I don't know, dairy price supports, and the next day is going to be the person to censor what goes in that movie, whether that forest can be the background or, if it is out west where the Department of the Interior controls so much land--I can think of movies, shoot 'em ups, with Ronald Reagan galloping by the sites in areas controlled by the Department of the Interior. It might have been declined because somebody did not like him. Maybe somebody who normally does fishing permits in the Department of the Interior will determine what movies will be made or what they like or do not like.  We open ourselves to a strange area. Those who are opposed to wanton violence should do as I do--don't go to those movies. Nothing votes better than your checkbook. If you do not want your children to go to them, do not let your children go to them. Stop the checkbook. That is the way to do it.  Do not put our Department of Agriculture and Department of the Interior and others into censorship. Do not let them make some of the mistakes the Department of Defense has made in the past in refusing permission for something because they are afraid it will show a general or a colonel or admiralmaking a mistake, because we all know they never do. I can see them deciding it might be gratuitous violence to show--oh, I don't know--maybe when their bombs go astray and hit the Chinese Embassy. We know they never make a mistake like that, but they may say this is gratuitous violence, so they are not going to allow any help in making such a movie.  I retain the remainder of my time.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, how much time do I have remaining?  