Most of us won't be here 30 years from now to answer for it; some may be. We have to look at this and ask, do these costs justify what we wanted to do?  We also will be focusing a lot more Federal resources on lower-level drug dealers. We will have to hire a whole lot of new drug enforcement officers right off the bat, but we are going to be refocusing them on lower-level drug dealers. I do not believe this is the most cost-effective allocation of Federal resources.  In addition to being costly, another consequence of lowering the powder cocaine threshold is that more federal resources will be focused on lower-level drug dealers. We must ask whether this is the most cost-effective allocation of federal resources. In adopting the federal sentencing scheme, Congress intended state and local drug enforcement personnel to investigate and prosecute small-time offenders, whilethe federal government was to use its more sophisticated law enforcement weapons to investigate and prosecute higher-level drug traffickers. Recently, Congress has made great strides toward balancing the federal budget and has opted to devolve many federal programs to states in the belief that certain programs can be more efficiently administered by state and local governments. Likewise, Congress should be wary of assuming the costs associated with federal intrusion into the traditional domain of the states in prosecuting criminal offenses. Ill-considered expansion of the federal criminal justice system has recently come under fire from Chief Justice Rehnquist, who criticized the Congress for federalizing the criminal justice system during a period in which the Senate has failed even to keep the federal bench adequately filled.  A 50-gram powder cocaine offense is a serious criminal charge. No one is debating whether a 50-gram powder cocaine dealer should be subject to the possibility of incarceration. What is debatable, however, is whether a 50-gram powder cocaine offender is the type of high-level dealer that should be dealt with harshly by federal rather than state authorities. It is inevitable that the possibility of harsh federal sentences will encourage more federal prosecutions. The question is whether a 50-gram powder cocaine dealer is the type of sophisticated drug trafficker that requires the expense of federal technical expertise. If not, then we should be looking very seriously at more cost-effective ways of distributing law enforcement, prosecution, and incarceration obligations between the federal and state governments in order to maximize the efficiency of our nation's drug control strategy. By restructuring the federal sentencing scheme, we can ensure that state and local governments can assume greater responsibility for the investigation and prosecution of low-level dealers, whose offenses are of particular local concern. Federal resources can then be freed to pursue traffickers higher in the distribution chain.  Other aspects of this amendment also turn principles of federalism on their head. For example, the amendment contains a federal mandate for the disciplinary policies of local schools. It would require local schools to adopt certain specific policies on illegal drug use by students, including mandatory reporting of students to law enforcement and mandatory expulsion for at least one year of students who possess illegal drugs on school property. This turns on its head our traditional idea that state and local governments should have the primary responsibility for education, even though that idea is one that is constantly put forward by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, and indeed is currently being used by them to justify their opposition to the President's plan to provide funding for schools to hire additional teachers and reduce class size.  I am particularly concerned about this one-size-fits-all mandate on the expulsion of students. Expulsion is an option that schools need to have so they can deal with particularly intractable behavior problems among their students. But only local teachers and principals can know which students who violate policies or laws should be expelled, and which deserve a different punishment.  I can just see the school principal in Tunbridge, VT getting a directive from the Federal Government, based on something we passed in a bankruptcy bill, telling them how they are going to run disciplinary procedures in Tunbridge. We may find ourselves back to the days when Vermont decided they wanted to be a republic.  I am not willing to tell thousands of school principals and administrators around the country, the U.S. Congress will tell you when to expel your students. If I did that, I would almost expect a recall petition and expulsion petition from the people of my State.  Finally, I object to the provision in this amendment that authorizes the use of public funds to pay tuition for any private schools, including parochial schools, for students who were injured by violent criminal offenses on public school grounds. Such a provision obviously raises serious Establishment Clause questions that deserve a fuller airing than is possible in an end-of-session amendment. It also gives rise to the numerous policy questions surrounding the issue of school vouchers, which could cause significant damage to our public school system. As a practical matter, this provision also raises the very real possibility of fraud and collusion to manufacture injuries in order to attend a private school at the taxpayers' expense.  I do believe that there are good things contained in the parts of this amendment that deal with our methamphetamine and amphetamine problems, most of which are borrowed from a bill that was reported by the Judiciary Committee in August. That bill managed to help local law enforcement in its daily battle against drugs, provide funding for the hiring of new DEA agents, and increase research and prevention funding, all without imposing mandatory minimums. I supported each of those provisions. But the good things included within this amendment are outweighed by the amendment's return to the failed drug policies of the recent past and its unwise and likely unconstitutional educational policies. Therefore, I will vote against this amendment.  Mr. President, I know others wish to speak. I know the distinguished Senator from New York was waiting to speak.  