President, we are all grieving again for victims of school violence. Pearl High School in Pearl, MS; Heath High School in West Paducah, KY; Westside Middle School in Jonesboro, AR; Parker Middle School in Edinboro, PA; Lincoln County High School in Fayetteville, TN; Thurston High School in Springfield, OR; and Columbine High School in Littleton, CO.  The President spoke for all Americans Tuesday night when he expressed the shock and sadness of the Nation. He spoke about reaching out to our children and our prayers for the families of those who have suffered loss.  I heard Senator Kennedy reach out to the families yesterday from the Senate floor. I commend Senator Daschle also for his thoughtful statement. I know other Senators from both sides of the aisle have spoken to this tragedy, as well.  This morning, my wife and I watched on television one of the most painful and difficult interviews I have ever watched. The father of a young African American boy killed in Colorado spoke of his hopes and dreams for his son. Sitting next to him was another student, who is white and who recounted how his classmate and friend, an African American, had died, how he had been selected because he was black and because he was an athlete. To compound the tragedy, the young man who had spoken also recounted the fact that his own sister died in the shooting. It ended with the African American father holding the hand of theyoung student, each trying to comfort the other, each seeking solace in their faith, but each at a loss, as we are, to what might have caused this terrible, terrible event.  How could students be picked out to be murdered because they were athletes, or because of the color of their skin, or because they happened to be wearing a certain kind of clothes? What kind of nihilistic aberration causes something like this to happen? What causes a person to do that? What causes the kind of behavior around the world where people die because of their faith, because of their color, because of who they are, their ethnic background?  I suggest the Senate pause for a moment in the wake of this tragedy and rededicate ourselves to the work ahead and turn our attention to these matters.  I serve on the Judiciary Committee and we spent a lot of time this week and this past year on a proposed flag amendment to the Constitution. We spent a lot more time on that than we have on school violence. We held three hearings on a proposed constitutional amendment within the last year. We have held none on the tragic school incidents that have occurred throughout the country. We ought to reconsider the agenda of that committee, maybe even of the Senate.  We have become so polarized and so politicized in this Senate--more than I have seen at any time in my 25 years here. We do no good to the country, Republican or Democrat, if we allow that to continue. We ignore the real problems of this Nation when we allow that.  We are going to devote our time in the Senate to an artificially truncated debate of proposals to limit corporate liability for Y2K problems because the business lobby wants us to do that. Yet we cannot have a full debate on the needs for a real Patients' Bill of Rights, something that would affect not a special interest group, but every single American.  The Senate will turn to a bankruptcy bill to help financial institutions extract additional payments from consumers forced into bankruptcy instead of considering a much needed increase in the minimum wage.  The majority leader has indicated that we will be debated on the proposed constitutional amendment to cut back on the first amendment for the first time in our history to make a symbolic statement against flag burning, because that will be popular. Mr. President, no flags were burned at Columbine High School earlier this week, but children and a teacher died at Columbine High School. That is the reality.  We should start applying ourselves to substance and not symbols in the Senate. Let the reality get past the rhetoric. We all need to redouble our efforts to find ways to help parents and State and local authorities on matters of school safety. We need to redouble our efforts to help local law enforcement keep our streets safe. After 3 years in which we have missed opportunity after opportunity to cooperate in a bipartisan way on these matters, it is long past time to put partisanship aside and work together with the administration to make progress in prevention and security that remains so desperately needed.  We are all Americans in this--not Republicans and Democrats. Let's set partisanship aside for a change. How many Senators, as parents, worry when our children go to school? How many of the staff and the visitors in our galleries have children who go to school and now are terrified and worried and are almost afraid to hear the phone ring?  We all know the Federal Government and Federal law cannot solve the problem of school violence or local crime, but we should at least help or make help available. I know the Federal Government has been providing assistance in Littleton; victims services and counselors are being provided. I am proud of the efforts that have been made by the Office for Victims of Crime in coordination with States and local assistance providers. A special reserve fund from my 1996 amendment to the Victims of Crime Act is available to help. These are concrete initiatives, not symbolic things.  I want to praise President Clinton for having convened the October 1998 White House Conference on School Safety, and those people, Republicans and Democrats alike, who joined with him. We are working with him to provide additional community police and school resource officers across the country. In addition, the Attorney General, the Secretary of Education, and the Surgeon General are all working on additional initiatives.  Over the last several years, I have sponsored legislation in this area with Senator Biden, Senator Kennedy, Senator Daschle, Senator Bingaman and a number of others. A lot of that legislation has never even been considered in our committee, although we were able to incorporate pieces of it in measures that have been enacted. We reintroduced, again, on the first legislative day of the session one of the Democratic priorities, S. 9, the Safe Schools, Safe Streets, and Secure Borders Act of 1999, which builds on the successful programs we implemented in the 1994 crime law, but also addresses emerging crime problems.  It is a comprehensive and realistic bill. We tried to avoid the easy rhetoric about crime that some have to offer in this crucial area. Instead, we put in legislation that might make a difference. The Safe Schools, Safe Streets, and Secure Borders Act targets violent crime in our schools, it reforms the juvenile justice system, combats gang violence, cracks down on the sale and use of illegal drugs, enhances the rights of crime victims, and provides meaningful assistance to law enforcement officers.  Title I deals with proposals for combating violence in the schools and punishing juvenile crime. It gives technical assistance to the schools, reforms the juvenile justice system, and assists States for prosecuting juvenile offenders, but it also protects children from violence, including violence from the misuse of guns.  It includes Senator Bingaman's proposal for a School Security Technology Center, an inventive proposal building upon expertise from the Sandia National Labs. There are a lot of very real things in it.  It is short on rhetoric. It is strong on reality. This is a law that could work. It could be done without federalizing juvenile offenses. It follows what many from the Chief Justice on through have said is important.  Our bill contains important initiatives to protect children from violence, including violence resulting from the misuse of guns. Americans want concrete proposals to reduce the risk of such incidents recurring. At the same time, we must preserve adults' rights to use guns for legitimate purposes, such as home protection, hunting and for sport. The bill imposes a prospective gun ban for juveniles convicted or adjudicated delinquent for violent crimes. It also require revocation of a firearms dealer's license for failing to have secure gun storage or safety devices available for sale with firearms. The bill enhances the penalty for the violation of certain firearm laws involving juveniles. In addition, the bill authorizes competitive grant programs for the establishment of juvenile gun courts and youth violence courts.  The bill would also make important reforms to the federal juvenile system, without federalizing run-of-the-mill juvenile offenses or ignoring the traditional prerogative of the States to handle the bulk of juvenile crime. One of the significant flaws in the Republican juvenile crime bills last year was that it would have--in the words of Chief Justice Rehnquist--``eviscerate[d] this traditional deference to state prosecutions, thereby increasing substantially the potential workload of the federal judiciary.'' The Chief Justice has repeatedly raised concerns about ``federalizing'' more crimes. The Democratic proposals for reform of the Federal juvenile justice system heed this sound advice and respect our Federal system.  Our bill authorizes grants to the States for incarcerating violent and chronic juvenile offenders (with each qualifying State getting at least one percent of available funds), and provides graduated sanctions, reimburses States for the cost of incarcerating juvenile alien offenders, and establishes a pilot program to replicate successful juvenile crime reduction strategies.  Also directly relevant is Title IV of the bill, which includes a number of prevention programs that are critical to further reducing juvenile crime. These programs include grants toyouth organizations and ``Say No to Drugs'' Community Centers, as well as reauthorization of the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, Anti-Drug Abuse Programs and Local Delinquency Prevention Programs. Additional sections include a program to establish a competitive grant program to reduce truancy, with priority given to efforts to replicate successful programs.  The bill would also reauthorize the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act (JJDPA) in a similar fashion to H.R. 1818, a bill passed by the House with strong bipartisan support in the last Congress. This section creates a new juvenile justice block grant program and retains the four core protections for youth in the juvenile justice system, while adopting greater flexibility for rural areas.  Last year, the Senate Republicans tried to gut these core protections in their juvenile crime bill, S. 10. This Democratic crime bill puts ideology aside, and follows the advice of numerous child advocacy experts--including the Children's Defense Fund, National Collaboration for Youth, Youth Law Center and National Network for Youth--who believe these key protections must be preserved in order to protect juveniles who have been arrested or detained. These core protections ensure that juveniles are not housed with adults, do not have verbal or physical contact with adult inmates, and any disproportionate confinement of minority youth is addressed by the States. If these protections are abolished, many more youth may end up committing suicide or being released with serious physical or emotional scars.  I previously described the other titles, programs and initiatives of the Safe Schools, Safe Streets, and Secure Borders Act when we introduced it. It is a comprehensive and realistic set of proposals for keeping our schools safe, our streets safe, our citizens safe when they go abroad, and our borders secure. I look forward to working on a bipartisan basis for passage of as much of this bill as possible during the 106th Congress and to working with the Administration, with the Department of Justice and with the Department of Education to do what we can to be helpful in the continuing school safety crisis.  Why I am here today is to join with the Democratic leader in his call for a ``thoughtful discussion about how to shape a comprehensive national response to the problem of violence in our schools and in our communities.'' I commend him for including the Safe Schools, Safe Streets, and Secure Borders Act on the priority list that he sent to the majority leader on Monday.  From a personal observation, I recall one time when my children were young, they were in grade school, and I was a prosecutor. Without going into all of the details, a very credible threat was made against me and my family. In fact, one that, had the person been able to carry it out before being apprehended, all of us would have died. I recall during that time, when the police were coming to me and saying, we will set up this cordon of armed police officers around you, my only concern, and the natural concern of any parent, was for my children; I recall even today the terror I felt in my heart and soul.  I remember today, almost 30 years later, how I felt until I knew they were safe. They were young children. They saw the police officers coming to school to pick them up and for them it was a lark, they were getting out of school early. For their mother and me, it was a matter of some great concern.  Think how parents around this country feel today when they kiss their children goodbye in the morning, and virtually all of them will come back safely, but every parent has to have in his or her soul the thought, what if they don't come back? How does a parent live through this? How do the other students ever go back to a school where this has happened? What about our young people themselves, when they read about this or see this and wonder are they next?  There are two areas of great violence in the world today. One we see unfolding in the former Yugoslavia, where the United States and our NATO allies are trying to stop a person who is exercising war crimes that we have not seen in that part of the world since the time of Hitler. We see the people who are suffering there. Yet some respond by seeing who can get out the best sound.  Then we see this in Mississippi, Kentucky, Arkansas, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Oregon and Colorado--enough variety of States to tell every one of us that our own State and our own community is not immune.  We are still tempted to dwell on symbols. Symbols do not stop this; substance does. It is not symbolic to set up programs that we know will work, that will allow teachers and parents and police and others to work with students to stop something from happening. That is the key. It is not to respond afterward--and we will respond. We are sending out counselors and investigators and everybody else to Colorado now. How much better, though, if we could respond before it happens.  So I ask Senators when they go home this weekend, pause and think: Do we help solve the problems of Littleton, CO, or the problems of Kosovo, or the problems that face our great Nation, by continuing heavy, destructive, unnecessarily partisan actions in the Senate and in the other body? Or do we come back together, as we have so many times in the past, Republicans and Democrats alike, admit the United States faces many crises and that we solve them only by working together, not in seeking short-term political gain?  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  