President, I know we are going to have a series of votes in a short while. I would like to speak about one of them, amendment No. 332, introduced by the distinguished Senator from Idaho, Mr. Craig. I have heard of the emperor not having clothes, but this amendment has no clothes.  This is an amendment that speaks about controlling gun sales at guns shows, auctions or out of the back of your truck or whatever, and we are going to put some controls on it. We are going to put some controls on for background checks, but only if the person who opens the back of his trunk to sell these guns ``desires to have access to the national instant check system.'' Of course, if he doesn't want to, he can keep right on selling the guns, no checks, nothing. I am not that great at driving a truck, but I could drive an 18-wheeler through that hole.  Then it has a whole lot of civil liabilities in here for certain future Federal firearm violations. But then there is probably the best sweetheart deal I have ever seen. It dismisses pending actions from any Federal or State court for gun dealers. It gives blanket immunity. This amendment might cover a State or a city, Attorney General or anybody else who sued a gun dealer and dismiss the case. Not even a TV judge could throw it out that easy, but this amendment could. It is not clear from its drafting who is covered by this immunity section of the amendment.  I do not know why we do not amend it. I am sure there are some around here, because of their ties with the tobacco industry, who would like to do that for the tobacco industry. Can you imagine if anybody brought up a piece of legislation that said we will, by this amendment, remove all liability on tobacco suits? They would be laughed out of here. It would be a front-page story in the paper. Suppose somebody came in and said, I want to throw a little amendment in here to do away with suits against toxic waste sites. People would be calling up, saying, what, did you get a PAC contribution from Polluters, Incorporated?  I have seen some remarkable amendments. I commend the distinguishedSenator. He has very strong feelings about guns and he has concerns about any limitations on them. But this is remarkable.  I keep a file of extraordinary things I have seen during my 25 years here. This will go in the file. To put in an amendment, not even debate this line, but to say, anybody who has a suit against a gun dealer or perhaps a gun manufacturer, it might be thrown out. No hearings. No debate. Nothing. But the Senate has thrown it out. In fact, this section is just titled ``Immunity.'' That is pretty amazing. It says:       A qualified civil liability action pending under the date      of enactment of this subsection shall be dismissed      immediately by the court.  Man, every defendant is going to be rushing into court if we pass this, saying, I am home free. I get out of jail. I do not have to pass ``go.'' I do get to collect the $200.  Mr. President, every Senator who votes for this is voting to override the courts of their State. They are voting to override the municipalities of their State. They are voting to override the legislature of their State. They are voting to override the Attorney General of their State. They are voting on suits they have not even seen, to just throw them out of court. I have been here long enough to know special interest legislation makes it to the floor of the Senate, but this may be the all-time king.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ashcroft). The Senator from Utah is recognized.  