President, this amendment prohibits any Federal agency, such as the Marines, Army, Navy, or Air Force, from granting permission to use Federal property or resources or cooperating if the motion picture or TV show to be produced ``glorifies or endorses wanton and gratuitous violence.'' If any portion of the movie uses any Federal property, the entire movie is subject to Federal scrutiny  Federal agencies, other than the military, would be given these new censorship powers, too. The Department of Agriculture could determine if it is on forest lands or rights of way of the Interior Department and otherwise. Could they have kept ``North By Northwest'' with Cary Grant off because the visitors center scene at Mount Rushmore was in it? What about ``Fargo''? What about the Presidio military base in San Francisco that was used as a setting for the Sean Connery movie, ``The Presidio''? This amendment is flawed. What glorifies violence is in the eye of the beholder.  Even movies, like legislation, have last-minute changes. Would you have to have a Department of Agriculture bureaucrat sitting there all the way through? Many scenes in the movie ``Top Gun'' would have had to be carefully monitored during production toensure they did not glorify violence. The naval base that was used was Miramar in California.  The fight in ``An Officer and a Gentleman'' also might be considered excessive by some. What about the gratuitous punch by Jimmy Stewart in ``Mr. Smith Goes to Washington''? ``The Treasure of the Sierra Madre,'' uses the vast national forest lands in its filming, even though most of it was filmed in Mexico. Could part of it be knocked out?  There are only exceptions for news and public service announcements, but any movie that is a historical depiction of a war would be subject to agency bureaucrats deciding whether violence was gratuitous or glorifies violence. Sponsors may say: Let them go somewhere else and do their filming, let them go to private property or parklands or military bases. I think that is a shortsighted response. Some may want to use that property to be authentic.  I am concerned how this is going to work. Do we turn over our scripts? If you are a movie producer or maker, do you turn over the script to the Department of Agriculture, Department of the Interior, Department of Defense first and decide whether it is safe? We may not like all that we see from Hollywood. But I have no confidence in the decisions the agency censors make. I am perfectly capable of censoring what I see. I was perfectly capable, when my children were young, to censor what they saw. But I do not want an official, however well intentioned, in the Department of Agriculture or the Department of Defense or the Department of the Interior, to determine what I see.  I retain the remainder of my time.  