President, I wish to commend, as I did earlier, Senators Grassley, Torricelli, Kohl, Sessions, Durbin, Feingold, and Hatch for coming forward very promptly to offer amendments to improve this bill.  In the 4 hours we have had today, I see six amendments have been called up. On first blush, I think I am probably going to be supportive of some of these amendments, if not all. I think if we can continue to improve the bill at this rate, we may well end up getting the same kind of a vote--the 97-1 vote--we had last year on this bill.  I would note one thing. I hope Senators will look at this: We have been told of all the money the bill is going to save families in America--$400 each--and that the credit card industry will save $5 or $10 billion by the reforms in this bill.  I have a simple question: If we are going to be giving the credit card companies this $5 or $10 billion in savings from this bill, I am just wondering if they are going to do anything to change some of the charges and interest rates they charge consumers--those in a different era we would consider usury, at best.  So my simple question is this: What language in the bill will guarantee that savings from the bill will be passed on to consumers? Is there anything that says the credit card fees or consumer credit interest rates will be reduced by the huge savings that some say will come from the enactment of this bill?  If the consumer credit industry is going to keep several billions of dollars in savings from enactment of the bill, are those savings going to go to credit card consumers? Even some of the savings? I think that is a fundamental question supporters of the bill should ask themselves as we go forward. We know that more and more, many bankruptcies come about following the enormous--enormous--fees and interest rates charged by credit card companies. They are going to get billions of dollars in savings here. Will they pass any of those on?  Mr. President, I understand we have to file amendments by 5 p.m. today. I send an amendment to the desk and ask that it be appropriately filed.  