President, I want to join my colleagues in voicing my strong objection to a rider that I understand may be attached to one of the remaining appropriations bills. The rider would block all or part of an ongoing federal environmental enforcement action. If what I hear is true, I am troubled on several levels. First, I think that it would set a very dangerous precedent for Congress to attempt to squash Federal enforcement actions of any kind. The procedures for testing and appealing the appropriateness and reach of enforcement actions through the court system and under the Administrative Procedures Act are well established. These procedures do not include a back door, last minute ``Hail Mary pass'' by Congress using a rider to an appropriations bill as the vehicle. In this instance, someone does not like an environmental enforcement action. If we do it here, will we attach something to appropriations bill to stop antitrust enforcement actions? How about price fixing cases? Where would this type of meddling cease?  What we may be seeing with the filing by EPA and DOJ is an enforcement action that has hit the bull's eye dead-on. And now utilities who may have crossed the line are pulling out all the stops to thwart the action.  Let's not kid ourselves about what is at stake. Many of us have drafted and introduced legislative proposals to address power plant pollution. We have turned up the heat, and the industry has taken notice. Further, the debate over electric utility restructuring is starting up again in the House of Representatives and the Senate. While there are substantial economic benefits possible under restructuring, Congress should also address environmental consequences of deregulation. In order to alert the Senate leadership of this important issue that has so far been ignored in the restructuring debate, I have asked my colleagues to join me in sending a letter to the Senate leadership requesting that the Senate include a provision to eliminate the grandfather loophole for older power plants. My colleagues from Connecticut and New York certainly knows the history of the Clean Air Act more than any of us. Senator Lieberman, how do you see this enforcement action affecting the Clean Air Act loophole?  