I compliment Senators on both sides of the aisle. Senator Reid deserves enormous credit. Senator Grassley, Senator Torricelli, Senator Hatch, and I worked very hard on that. We are working very hard again on both sides of the aisle. I think most Senators want a bankruptcy bill. We know there has to be a change.  Mr. President, I am disappointed that the majority filed cloture on the Bankruptcy Reform Act.  This week we made bipartisan progress on the Bankruptcy Reform Act by disposing of amendments. On Wednesday, we were able to clear 9 more amendments and accepted another one by a roll call vote for a total of 10 amendments that were accepted to improve this bill.  During our debate on the bill, the managers have accepted 37 amendments to improve the Bankruptcy Reform Act, amendments offered by Democrats and Republicans.  Senator Torricelli, Senator Reid and I worked in good faith with Senator Grassley and Senator Hatch to clear amendments and set roll call votes on amendments that we could not clear.  From a total of 320 amendments that were filed by senators on both sides of the aisle on November 5th, Senator Torricelli and I, working with the Assistant Democratic Leader, have narrowed down the remaining Democratic amendments on this bill to a mere handful.  We are ready to debate and vote on these Democratic amendments. The remaining amendments from our list are all relevant to the issues of bankruptcy under our unanimous consent agreement.  It appears the majority is refusing to allow the Senate to consider two amendments. One by Senator Levin on firearm-related debts in bankruptcy and one by Senator Schumer on debts incurred through the commission of violence at health service clinics.  Both of these amendments are relevant to the issue of bankruptcy.  Senator Levin is willing to limit the time on his amendment to 70 minutes and Senator Schumer is willing to limit the time on his amendment to only 30 minutes. These are very reasonable time agreement offers.  I am a cosponsor of Senator Schumer's amendment, but I am not sure if I will support Senator Levin's amendment. But I am sure that both these Senators deserve to debate and vote on their relevant amendments. What is the majority afraid of? Vote on the amendments up or down?  Some of the other remaining amendments focus on adding credit industry reforms to the bill. The millions of credit card solicitations made to American consumers the past few years have caused, in part, the rise in consumer bankruptcy filings. The credit card industry should bear some of this responsibility and reform its lax lending practices. These amendments improve the Truth In Lending Act to provide for better disclosure of credit information so consumers may better manage their debts and avoid bankruptcy altogether.  Last year's Senate bankruptcy reform bill was fair and balanced because it included credit industry reforms. We should remember that last year's fair and balanced bill passed this chamber by a vote of 97-1.  We should strive to follow last year's Senate-passed bill as the model during the remainder of debate on this bill.  Democrats are also ready to offer short time agreements on our remaining amendments if we cannot agree with the majority on them. Many Democratic senators are willing to offer time agreements of a half hour or an hour on their amendments.  Democrats are prepared to debate this bill and vote on amendments. This is how the Senate works and how it should work.  I commend Senators for coming to the floor last week and this week to offer their amendments. Despite hours of debate on four non-germane, nonrelevant amendments and party caucuses and extended morning business hours last week and this week, Senators from both sides of the aisle offered 64 amendments to improve the Bankruptcy Reform Act.  Unfortunately, the Senate did not consider the Bankruptcy Reform Act yesterday or today. I do not understand why the majority is refusing to allow the Senate to debate this bill.  Next year, I hope we can have a full and fair debate on the few remainingamendments to the Bankruptcy Reform Act and then proceed to a vote on final passage.  With that, I yield the floor.  