President, I am delighted that the Senate is considering the Leahy-Hatch substitute to S. 249, the ``Missing, Exploited, and Runaway Children Protection Act,'' which will reauthorize programs under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act and authorize funding for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.  This bill authorizes a variety of critical programs for our nation's most at risk children and youth--those who are missing or have been exploited and those who have run away or been forced from home or are homeless. That is why I am particularly pleased that Senator Hatch and I were able to work together and with Senator Biden, DeWine and Abraham in the Judiciary Committee to report our substitute amendment without a single objection in early March. These children need our help, not partisan bickering, and I hope the House of Representatives will follow our lead and enact this bill promptly.  I have been working since 1996 to enact legislation to reauthorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act. Unfortunately, that Act has been without clear authorization since then. It is past time for Congress to remedy this situation. Last Congress, I worked hard to pass a similar bill, S. 2073, which would have reauthorized the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act and would have provided special authorization for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (``NCMEC''). With the assistance of Senators Kennedy, Biden, Kohl, and Feingold, Senator Hatch and I reported S. 2073 from the Judiciary Committee to the Senate in May 1998. That bill passed the Senate with the unanimous consent of all Senators on June 26, 1998.  Rather than consider the Senate bill last year, the House of Representatives chose to use our bill number as a vehicle to try to force Senate action on controversial juvenile justice matters that had never been considered by the Senate Judiciary Committee or the full Senate. Thereafter, I worked to attach the provisions of our original and noncontroversial bill as an amendment to other legislation. Even when we were successful in the Senate, certain HouseRepublicans continued to block all of our efforts.  I am optimistic that S. 249, this year's bill, will not face the same fate. With such an array of supporters in the Senate, surely the House will also see fit to pass this legislation quickly so that the critical programs in the bill can be funded and implemented.  I am particularly pleased that we have passed this bill with such strong bipartisan support. Reauthorizing the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act for five more years is the first step in assuring local community programs that they will have the resources they need to assist runaway youth and their families. And, today's bill will also help the NCMEC to continue their good work by providing them with a special authorization of appropriations for five years as well. These programs are just the sort that studies have found to be effective and efficient uses of limited federal dollars.  The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children provides extremely worthwhile and effective assistance to children and families facing crises across the U.S. and around the world. In 1998, the National Center helped law enforcement officers locate over 5,000 missing children. They also handled 132,357 telephone calls to their hotline, which included calls to report a missing child, to request information or assistance and to provide leads on missing or potentially exploited children. This figure includes 10,904 reported leads or sightings of missing children, an increase of 25 percent over such leads in 1997.  Since 1984, the National Center has helped investigate 83 cases involving Vermont children who have been reported missing. They have had extraordinary success in resolving these cases, some of which have taken several years and have involved out of state or international negotiations, and have only one unresolved case at this time. I want to thank Ernie Allen and all the dedicated employees and volunteers associated with the National Center for their help in these matters.  The National Center serves a critical role as a clearinghouse of resources and information for both family members and law enforcement officers. They have developed a network of hotels and restaurants which will provide free services to parents in search of their children and have also developed extensive training programs. The National Center has trained 728 sheriffs and police chiefs from across the U.S. in recent years, including police chiefs from Dover, Hartford, Brattleboro and Winooski, Vermont, as well as members of the Vermont State Police. They have trained an additional 150,000 other officers in child sexual exploitation and the detection of missing children since 1984.  The National Center is also a leader in reducing the number of infant abductions by educating nurses, security staffs and hospitals. Their recent seminar in Vermont, which trained 250 nurses and security personnel, should provide greater peace of mind to new parents in my home State.  Most recently, they have expanded their role in combating the sexual exploitation of children by going on-line. Last year, they launched their ``CyberTipline'' which allows internet users to report suspicious activities linked to the Internet, including child pornography and the potential enticement of children on-line. In the second half of 1998, they received over 4,000 leads from the CyberTipline which resulted in numerous arrests. I applaud the ongoing work of the Center and hope the House of Representatives will promptly pass this bill so that they can proceed with their important activities with fewer funding concerns.  The National Center established an international division some time ago and has been working to fulfil the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction. Last year the National Center held a conference on international concerns with child abductions and international custody battles between separated parents from different countries. This week, Lady Catherine Myer will be hosting another important event on these matters and launching an International Centre for Missing and Exploited Children with the help of the First Lady, Hillary Rodham Clinton.  The Runaway and Homeless Youth Act distributes funding to local community programs on the front lines assisting the approximately 1.3 million children and youth each year who are homeless or have left or been forced from their families for a variety of reasons. These programs assist some of our nation's neediest children--those who lack a roof over their heads. Many of the beneficiaries of these programs have either fled or been kicked out of their family homes due to serious family conflicts, substance abusing parents or other problems. These programs assist children facing a variety of circumstances and provide funding for shelters and crisis intervention services, transitional living arrangements and outreach to teens who are living on the streets.  J.C. Myers, Coordinator of the Vermont Coalition of Runaway and Homeless Youth Programs, noted recently in a letter to me that:       Early interventions such as those authorized under this      act: the transitional living programs, crisis response and      family reunification services, and peer street outreach      programs are, in many cases, the only helping resource      available to runaway & homeless young people and families in      crisis. These services are much less costly and more      effective than later, more drastic interventions runaway and      homeless youths often eventually encounter, such as substance      abuse treatment and incarceration.  Miriam Rollin, the Director of Public Policy at the National Network for Youth has noted:       Because runaway and homeless youth often cross state lines,      there is a uniquely federal interest in addressing the needs      of these youth. For a quarter of a century, the federal RHYA      programs have helped to meet the needs of these young people,      prevent their involvement in criminal activity, and provide      them with a doorway to a safe and productive future.  I ask unanimous consent that copies of both of their letters be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my statement.  