It was unfortunate that the majority has played politics with this important issue and strained the strong bipartisan support for this bill by including its provisions in a larger, controversial amendment to S. 625, the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1999, which amendment was approved by a vote of 50-49 on November 10, 1999. I strongly opposed that amendment, which significantly increased the use of mandatory minimum penalties for powder cocaine offenses and unwisely diminished local control of schools.  That amendment to the bankruptcy bill mandated a 10-year mandatory minimum sentence for crimes involving 500 grams or more of powder cocaine, instead of the current 5 kilogram threshold. It also instituted a 5-year mandatory minimum sentence for crimes involving 50 grams or more of powder cocaine, instead of the current 500-gram threshold. I oppose mandatory minimums both because they are extraordinarily costly for taxpayers and because they are counterproductive to our law enforcement efforts. The Justice Department estimated that the amendment's powder cocaine provision would cost more than $10 billion over the next 30 years simply to build 11,000 more prison beds. Moreover, the use of mandatory minimums for smaller and smaller quantities of drugs gives federal prosecutors further incentive to prosecute lower-level drug offenders, further distorting the balance between state and federal law enforcement responsibilities. It simply makes no sense--except perhaps as a matter of politics--to federal our Nation's drug laws to such an extreme extent.  In addition, that amendment provided the wrongheaded approach to the necessary task of rectifying the disparity between sentences for powder and crack cocaine. Under current law, the quantity threshold to trigger mandatory minimum penalties for crack offenders is 100 times more severe than for powder cocaine offenders. Under this amendment the quantity threshold to trigger mandatory minimums for crack offenders would still be 10 times more severe, and the amendment would do nothing to mitigate the unnecessary federalization and extreme penalties that the criminal justice system imposes for lower-level crack offenses.  Finally, that amendment contained education provisions that would take funding and control away from local school authorities. First, it dictates that local school boards adopt certainspecific policies on illegal drug use by students, including mandatory reporting of students to law enforcement and mandatory expulsion for at least one year of students who possess illegal drugs on school property. Second, it authorizes the use of public funds to pay tuition for any private schools, including parochial schools, for students who were injured by violent criminal offenses on public school grounds. This provision raises serious constitutional and policy questions, and should not have been slipped into an end-of-session amendment to a bankruptcy bill.  Because of the extreme reservations that I and many of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle expressed about that amendment to the bankruptcy bill, I pressed for the original methamphetamine bill to be considered as a separate matter. I am pleased that we have an opportunity to consider and pass this legislation without the poison pills that the Republican leadership inserted.  I continue to have some reservations about this bill. For example, I disapprove of its order to the Sentencing Commission to increase penalties for certain amphetamine and methamphetamine crimes by a specific number of base offense levels. I oppose such specific directives for some of the same reasons that I oppose mandatory minimums--they subvert the considered sentencing process that Congress wanted when it established the Sentencing Commission.  But the good in this bill outweighs the bad. In addition to creating tougher penalties for those who manufacture and distribute amphetamines as illicit drugs, this bill allocates additional funding to assist local law enforcement, allows for the hiring of new DEA agents, and increases research, training and prevention efforts. This is a good and comprehensive approach to America's growing amphetamine problem.  We significantly improved this bill during committee considerations. As the comprehensive substitute for the original bill was being drafted, I had three primary reservations: First, earlier versions of the bill imposed numerous mandatory minimums. As I stated earlier, I continue to believe that mandatory minimums are generally an inappropriate tool in our critically important national fight against drugs. Simply imposing or increasing mandatory minimums subverts the more considered process Congress set up in the Sentencing Commission. The Federal Sentencing Guidelines already provide a comprehensive mechanism to equalize sentences among persons convicted of the same or similar crime, while allowing judges the discretion they need to give appropriate weight to individual circumstances.  The Sentencing Commission goes through an extraordinary process to set sentence levels. For example, pursuant to our 1996 antimethamphetamine law, the Sentencing Commission increased meth penalties after careful analysis of recent sentencing data, a study of the offenses, and information from the DEA on trafficking levels, dosage unit size, price and drug quantity. Increasing mandatory minimums takes sentencing discretion away from judges. We closely examine judges' backgrounds before they are confirmed and should let them do their jobs.  Mandatory minimums also impose significant economic and social costs. According to the Congressional Budget Office, the annual cost of housing a federal inmate ranges from $16,745 per year for minimum security inmates to $23,286 per year for inmates in high security facilities. It is critical that we take steps that will effectively deter crime, but we should not ignore the costs of the one size fits all approach of mandatory minimums. We also cannot ignore the policy implications of the boom in our prison population. In 1970, the total population in the federal prison system was 20,686 prisoners, of whom 16.3 percent were drug offenders. By 1997, the federal prison population had grown to almost 91,000 sentenced prisoners, approximately 60 percent of whom were sentenced for drug offenses. The cost of supporting this expanded federal criminal justice system is staggering. We ignore at our peril the findings of RAND's comprehensive 1997 report on mandatory minimum drug sentences: ``Mandatory minimums are not justifiable on the basis of cost-effectiveness at reducing cocaine consumption, cocaine expenditures, or drug-related crime.''  This is why I have repeatedly expressed my concerns about creating new mandatory minimum penalties, including as recently as last October, when another antimethamphetamine bill was before the Judiciary Committee.  Second, earlier drafts of this bill would have contravened the Supreme Court's 1999 decision in Richardson versus U.S. I, along with some other members of the Committee, believed that it would be inappropriate to take such a step without first holding a hearing and giving thorough consideration to such a change in the law. The Chairman of the Committee, Senator Hatch, was sensitive to this concern and I thank him for agreeing to remove that provision from this legislation.  Third, an earlier version of the bill contained a provision that would have created a rebuttable presumption that may have violated the Constitution's Due Process Clause. Again, I believed that we needed to seriously consider and debate such a provision before voting on it. And again, the Chairman was sensitive to the concerns of some of us on the Committee and agreed to remove that provision.  By reaching an accord on each of those issues, I was able to join as a cosponsor of this bill. I support it strongly, and I look forward to seeing it become law.  