President, today I am offering an amendment in support of a peaceful process of self-determination in East Timor. I am pleased that Senators Feingold, Reed, McConnell, Harkin, Moynihan, Chafee, Kohl, Jeffords, Kennedy, Kerry, Feinstein, Murray, Schumer, Boxer, Durbin, Wellstone, and Wyden are cosponsoring this amendment. Many of them have worked hard on this issue for as long as they have been in the United States Senate.  I understand the amendment will be accepted.  Mr. President, today, the Indonesian Government has an historic opportunity to resolve a conflict that has been the cause of suffering and instability for 23 years. It has made a commitment to vote on August 21 or 22, on East Timor's future, and recognized its responsibility to ensure that the vote is free and fair.  On May 5th, when I introduced a similar resolution, I remarked on Indonesia's accomplishments in the past year: President Suharto relinquished power; the Indonesian Government endorsed a ballot on autonomy; and the United Nations, Portugal and Indonesia signed an agreement on the procedures for that vote.  There has been more progress in the past month. Democratic elections have been held and the first members of an international observer mission and police force arrived in East Timor.  The amendment that we are offering today recognizes many of the positive steps that have been taken. A year ago few people would have predicted that a settlement of East Timor's future would be in sight.  But it also expresses our deep concern that August 21st is quickly approaching, and current conditions in East Timor are far from conducive to holding a free and fair ballot.  Hundreds of civilians have been killed, injured or disappeared in ongoing violence by anti-independence militias armed by members of the Indonesian military for the purpose of sabotaging the vote.  The inclusion of anti-independence members in Indonesian forces responsible for establishing security in East Timor threatens the neutrality of the military and police, and violates the terms of the May 5th agreement.  International human rights monitors and humanitarian organizations continue to face problems gaining access to the island, and members of the press have been threatened.  This amendment calls on the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Treasury--acting through U.S. executive directors to international financial institutions--to immediately intensify their efforts to prevail upon the Indonesian Government to disarm and disband the anti-independence militias.  We should be prepared to use all the resources at our disposal, including our voice and vote at the World Bank, the Asian Development Bank and other international financial institutions, to convince the Indonesians to stop the violence. This is not only their responsibility, it is in their best interests. If the Indonesian military succeeds in sabotaging the vote, Indonesia will face international condemnation.  On June 11th, I and other Members of Congress sent a letter to World Bank President James Wolfensohn about the need for the World Bank to use its leverage with the Indonesian Government. I ask unanimous consent that the test of that letter be printed in the Record at the end of my remarks.  