She has described the bill very well, as she always does, and where we are in the legislative process. She has had both a distinguished career in the other body and here. She understands what has happened.  It was not an easy thing passing the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill here in the Senate. We had a very difficult time. It evolved. But interestingly enough--and I have been here 25 years--I have rarely seen an occasion where the American public became involved and more fully aware of what was happening.  I must say, initially, much of the news media did not even cover it. The American people became aware through C-SPAN and through all the discussions on the Internet and through the radio. And then, more and more, they realized what was happening and what was at stake.  I do not know how many people are aware of this discussion we are having right now. I will guarantee you that it will be on web sites and on the Internet, though, because the American public is concerned about this.  The Senator from California, the Senator from New Jersey, and others, will remember that as calls started coming into Senators' offices, the debate started shifting. This was one of those all too rare occasions where the American public went beyond having the debate interpreted for them and started watching what was actually happening in the debate and contributing and participating themselves.  The Hatch-Leahy legislation passed because the American people were paying attention and because they were concerned, and votes started changing, positions started changing. That is why this body came together by a 3-to-1 vote and passed the Hatch-Leahy legislation, a good piece of juvenile justice legislation, because the American people paid attention and knew something could be done.  Now it has been blocked in the other body. Why? Perhaps because that is the only way this legislation can be stopped--it won't be stopped by a vote in the Senate. Senators have said how they will vote. The only way it can be stopped is if the other body refuses to bring it up, and the way they refuse to bring it up is by refusing to appoint conferees.  (