When I was State's Attorney for Chittenden County, I did not always agree when the Governor of Vermont exercised his clemency power, but I understood that it was his to exercise as he saw fit. There were many more numerous exercises of this constitutional power by the Republican and Democratic Presidents with whom I have served over the last 25 years--President Carter used this power over 560 times, President Reagan over 400 times and President Bush over 75 times-- and they have not always been matters with which I necessarily agreed.  Yesterday I cautioned against the extreme rhetoric of the version of the Lott-Coverdell resolution that was initially introduced. Through the course of the last week some of the misstatements of fact that were contained in that version of the resolution have been corrected and its most extreme and dangerous political rhetoric has been eliminated.  The resolution that the Senate will adopt today deletes much of the overreaching language of the President's congressional critics. I noted yesterday that to contend that the clemency grants showed a weakness of resolve against international terrorism was both wrong and might itself contribute to creating a dangerous atmosphere.  We ought to be careful when anyone, let alone the Senate and Congress of the United States, starts bandying about declarations that accuse the United States Government of making ``deplorable concessions to terrorists,'' ``undermining national security'' or ``emboldening domestic and international terrorists.'' Playing politics with this matter and accusing the President of ``undermining our national security'' or ``emboldening terrorists'' carries significant risks and was not right. I am glad that language has been eliminated from the text of the resolution.  Likewise, some of the factual inaccuracies in the initial draft were eliminated, including the assertion that the procedure used in these petitions was ``irregular'', and the inaccurate assertion that the Bureau of Prisons had audio recordings indicating that some of the 16 persons offered conditional clemency by the President had ``vowed to resume their violent activities upon release.'' There was no basis for that assertion, which was inaccurate and unfounded but nonetheless included in the original resolution. It has now been deleted.  Similarly, the substitute resolution eliminates the contention that the President's decision was ``making terrorism more likely and endangering'' Americans.  Most importantly for the resolution-- and this is after all only a congressional resolution that cannot change the clemency decisions by the President-- the original resolution proposed declaring that the President had ``made deplorable concessions to terrorists, undermined national security and emboldened domestic and international terrorists.'' All of that language has been deleted from the resolution. It was extreme and risky political rhetoric and should never have been included.  The American people can judge whether the time and energy being devoted by the Congress to this declaration is the best use of the these resources. Yesterday I challenged theSenate to make time for votes on the many qualified nominees whom the Republican majority has stalled for the last several years. If the Senate has time to debate and vote on this resolution, it should have time to vote on the nomination of Judge Richard Paez to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which has been pending for over 3\1/2\ years. If the Senate has time to debate and vote on this resolution, it should have time to vote on the nominations of Justice Ronnie White to be a federal judge in Missouri, Marsha Berzon to be a judge on the Ninth Circuit, Bill Lann Lee to head the Civil Rights Division and to act on the scores of other nominees pending before it.  The Senate has not completed work on 11 of the 13 appropriations bills that must be passed before October 1. The Republican Congress cannot find time for campaign finance reform or a real patients' bill of rights or raising the minimum wage or reforming Medicare or completing the juvenile crime bill conference. The American people will judge whether the Senate should be doing its job and attending to its constitutional duties of confirmations and legislation or whether its time should continue to be devoted to partisan politics and attacks on the Executive Branch.  