President, Amendment No. 329 more than any other we have seen so far cobbles together a number of proposals that have been around for a long time. Let me start with the NIH study, the $2 million study required by the amendment.  I am concerned that this amendment singles out only a few potential influences on teen behavior. A better approach, in my view, would be to study all factors--the role of parents and schools, the existence of counseling and guidance efforts, the alienation of young from their peers, and media influences, among other things.  The President has called on the Surgeon General to conduct just that type of review. Perhaps we should include the NIH and other experts in the Surgeon General study which is now underway.  In our rush to respond to very real tragedies, we should take care to study all the factors, and to seek solutions that won't trample the First Amendment. To artificially limit the NIH study to only media influences may not be proper scientific design. The role of parents must be considered. Bad parenting can have devastating effects on the behavior of children. Just ask the child in an alcoholic family, or in a family where there is spouse abuse, or worse.  I am also concerned about the two sets of antitrust exemptions being proposed in this amendment.  I have spent a good deal of effort over the past several years working to eliminate unjustified antitrust exemptions from the law. The baseball antitrust amendment comes to mind as one that the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee and I worked on together for years until we finally succeeded last year.  Do we have the views of the Department of Justice Antitrust Division on either of these proposed antitrust exemptions?  Last time I examined this issue was when the Assistant Attorney General for Antitrust clarified that it would not violate the antitrust laws of television stations to agree on guidelines and viewer advisories to reduce the negative impact of violence on television. That was 1994. It was not illegal now. So, I do not understand the need for antitrust exemptions.  My fear is that any such exemption might be abused and used to immunize anti-competitive conduct to the detriment of consumers viewers and other companies in and around the entertainment industries.  I note that one of the exemptions tries at least to protect against legalizing group boycotts. Whether that language succeeds, I cannot tell as I read it here on the floor. But I do know that the language applies to only one of the two exemptions and does not reach all anticompetitive conduct.  Does that create the implication that boycotts are an acceptable way to ``enforce'' rules or act anti-competitively? The language mandates enforcement but does not say how.  Senators Brownback and Hatch had initially provided me with two very different amendments, and I assumed that the fight would have been over which amendment would win over the other--since they are inconsistent.  It never occurred to me that they would simply slap them together into one inconsistent mass which will be impossible to interpret.  The combined amendment that passed yesterday has major flaws. It defines the Internet in a way that could have major unintended effects on other laws.  It hugely denigrates the role of parents--essentially the amendment considers parents almost irrelevant to the development of children into young adults. It blames most of the social problems of children on television, movies and music--an easy target even in the face of falling national crime statistics.  Television programming and movie content is a tempting subject for demagoguery. It is much harder to deal with issues such as bad parenting and lack of parental supervision because then we can only blame ourselves.  Contrary to the findings in the amendment, there is no substitute for parental involvement in the raising of our children.  I am also very nervous about involving government in the day-to-day regulation of the content of television shows or movies and other forms of speech. I do not see how the government can step into the shoes of parents.  The Supreme Court has noted that ``laws regulating speech for the protection of children have no limiting principle, and a well-intentioned law restricting protected speech on the basis of content is, nevertheless, state-sponsored censorship.''  Movies such as ``Saving Private Ryan'' or ``Schindler's List'' are violent. I admit it. But I do not think that such films should be discouraged because of any government enforced content standards.  If this amendment were voluntary we, of course, would not need to pass it since the entertainment industry leaders can already work together to develop guidelines, standards, ratings and label warnings. That is why I worked out a deal, and signed a dear colleague letter, with Senators Hatch, Lott, Daschle, McCain and others in July of 1997.  We agreed, based on clear guidance from the Justice Department, that entertainment industry leaders could meet to work out these guidelines and standards and that there would be no antitrust concerns.  Antitrust laws permit meeting to work out voluntary guidelines.  This slapped-together amendment goes way beyond that understanding.  Letters dated January 25, 1994, January 7, 1994, and November 29, 1993, from the Justice Department make it clear that industry leaders can work together to establish guidelines regarding violence in programming and movies.  One bedrock principle of our democratic government and one of the basic protections of freedoms to enjoy as Americans is the First Amendment's guarantee that the government will keep itself out of the regulation of speech.  When the Constitution says that ``Congress shall make no law * * * abridging the freedom of speech,'' I believe it means what it says. That provision ought to be respected until it is repealed which I hope never, never, happens.  For years there have been crusades against the content of books and movies but government enforcement is not the answer--where do you draw the line?  This goes back to the old joke about a conference of ministers of different faiths getting together and trying to start the meetings. They could never agree on the opening prayer so that had to cancel the conference.  I know that some have fond memories of the days of content regulation when only separate beds could be shown on shows like Dick Van Dyke. One of the findings fondly looks back at these standards stating from page 6 of the amendment that ``The portrayal of implied sexual acts must be essential to the plot and presented in a responsible and tasteful manner.'' What is ``essential to the plot'' and who decides that question? What is ``tasteful'' and should the government decide that?  National crime statistics show crime has declined in recent years. I know that Mayor Giuliani keeps talking about that reduction in crime. What does this drop in crime statistics mean in terms of this amendment?  Section 505 of the amendment allows for the ``enforcement'' of guidelines ``designed to ensure compliance'' with ratings and labeling systems. When you use words such as ``enforcement'' and ``designed to ensure compliance'' that does not sound voluntary to me. I hope that we take more time in conference to read this amendment and consider the possible problems posed by its language.  I know some want to permit government enforcement of vague standards on the content of TV shows and movies. No one will know what is allowed and what isn't allowed. That is chilling, it violates the Constitution, and it relegates the role of parents to mere observers.  