President, we have had a series of shocking schoolyard shootings. I cannot imagine any Senator, as a human being or as a parent or citizen, who would not be shocked, just as have most people around the world. The Senate is now finally turning its attention to doing something about youth violence in this country. Two weeks ago, the distinguished majority leader promised the American people that this week he would permit full and open debate on this issue. I commend him for that, because for 3 years we have not been given the opportunity to discuss this critical issue on the floor of the Senate without some kinds of procedural gimmicks or artificial limits on debate or amendments. I think the American people do not want to see that. They want to see a full and real debate.  Over that same 3-year period when we tried to have this debate, this country has witnessed schoolyard shootings by children in Arkansas and Washington, Oregon, Tennessee, California, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Mississippi, and most recently in Littleton, CO. I say to the distinguished Presiding Officer and all Members on the floor, none of us can look at our States and say with certitude that we are immune to such a tragedy.  Finally, after the deaths and injury of 41 children just in the incidents to which I have referred, the Senate is turning its attention to this matter. Violence in our Nation's schools, committed by or against children, devastates all of us--as parents or as grandparents, as educators, as civic leaders or whatever. But devastating as it is to us, most importantly these incidents scar and upset our children. Obviously, it takes them away from the learning, which should be the focus at this important time in their lives, a time that should be a time of joy, a time of growth, a time of learning--a time that will set their path, really, for the rest of their lives. They should not be distracted by these terrible things.  This is a complex issue. Frankly, no one party has all the right answers. It is time we as Democrats and Republicans discuss all of our ideas and proposals for actions and then choose the best among them. A good proposal that works should get the support of all of us.  Our first question really should be whether a program or proposal will help our children effectively, not whether it is a Democrat or Republican proposal. I have learned through the years that good legislators coming together can make good proposals. I have been honored to see passed into law numerous law enforcement proposals I have sponsored and co-sponsored with like-minded Members on the other side of the aisle. But we also have to recognize that legislation alone is not enough to stop youth violence. We can pass a law saying we don't want violence. We can also pass a law saying we would like the Sun to rise in the west and set in the east. Either one would be about as effective as the other. We have to do a lot more than that.  We can pass an assortment of new laws and still turn on the news and find out some child in the country has turned violent and turned on other teachers or children with a weapon, with terrible results. So this is not just about Littleton. Littleton is the most recent, it is the most bloody, but it is the seventh incident of schoolyard killings in the past years and no area of the country has escaped the bomb threats or fears these incidents have generated. Each incident of school violence leaves us with more questions than answers. It is easy to say each is related to the next, but together they all point to problems we must do something about. There is not one major catalyst that touches off an eruption of violence in a school; there are a whole lot of contributing causes.  We can certainly point to inadequate parental involvement. Frankly, that is an area about which I worry--very, very busy parents and very, very little time for their children. In an increasingly affluent society, we have to ask whether we are paying a terrible price for our affluence.  We can talk about overcrowded classrooms and oversized schools that add to students' alienation. When we have high schools with 1,200, 1,500, 1,600 people, how can they possibly have a sense of community within that high school?  We can talk about the easy accessibility of guns. We can speak of the violence depicted on television and movies and video games. We can talk about the inappropriate--more than inappropriate--disgusting content now available on the Internet. There is no single cause, and because there is no single cause, there is no single legislative solution that will cure the ill of youth violence in our schools and in our streets.  Just as those who look at a fire know if you remove enough kindling, you can prevent the fire, so there are things we can do right now, and there is no excuse for not trying. Everybody has a role to play in the solution. While we cannot legislate the problems away, we all have a role, and that means parents, teachers, lawmakers, Hollywood, Internet providers and gun manufacturers and sellers. But we should also recognize that despite the recent and shocking school shootings, we have been doing some things right.  By any measure you want to use--victimizations reported by police or crimes reported by police or arrests--the serious violent crime rate is going down. Let me show this chart. This is something of which we ought to be proud. Since 1973, the total violent crime rate has gone down. In fact, it has gone down the most in the last 6 years, certainly more than I have seen it go down at any time.  According to the most recent statistics from the Bureau of Justice, the overall crime rate has fallen more than 18 percent since 1993.  This next chart is remarkable. It is something in which we should take pride. After seeing for decades, during my adult life, the crime rate go up, up, up and up, to see it these last 6 years go down is very significant.  The rate of serious violent crime being committed by juveniles is also on the way down. Following a period of going up in the late 1980s and early 1990s, they peaked in 1993. That also is something in which we should take some pride and we should take comfort as Americans and as citizens.  The reduction in the murder rate alone is truly good news. In 1997, the murder rate was 28 percent lower than 1993. And in 1998, this rate had fallen to its lowest level in three decades. That, again, is something in which we should take some comfort, even though any murder is one murder too many.  In the years I have been here, in 30 years--this goes back to the time when I was a prosecutor and throughout all this--I have seen through each administration, Republican or Democrat, the murder rate go up. Finally, we have seen in the last 6 years the murder rate come down to where it is now, the lowest level in three decades.  Over the past few months, we have begun hearing criticism that this administration is not focusing sufficient resources on enforcing our gun laws. Of course, there is always room for improvement, as there is with anybody. But let's not let political name-calling detract from the indisputable fact that the murder rate for teenagers and young adults rose sharply in the late eighties and early nineties due to a rise in gun violence that is now on the decline. In fact, juvenile murder and non-negligent manslaughter arrests declined almost 40 percent between 1993 and 1997. To use real numbers, there were 3,800 juvenile arrests for murder at the peak in 1993. By 1997, that number was down to 2,500 out of a population of 30 million children between the ages of 10 and 17.  As we talk about juvenile crime legislation, it is important to keep in mind these statistics show some successes and we should be promoting and expanding those programs that are helping to produce these successes.  We have some complex, sweeping legislation before us. S. 254 was never referred to the Judiciary Committee for consideration, which is extraordinarily unusual. I look forward to discussing this.  It was introduced by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee and cosponsored by the distinguished Senator from Alabama, who is on the floor. I wait to hear from the distinguished chairman as to what will be accomplished with it.  While we did not examine the bill in the Judiciary Committee because the majority chose, as they have a right to, to place the bill directly on the Senate Calendar, instead the Judiciary Committee has been busy on a bankruptcybill protecting creditors and a proposed constitutional amendment to protect the flag. Protecting the flag and protecting creditors may be important issues, but frankly, as a parent, I am far more interested in protecting children from violence, both in the schoolyard and outside school.  Last Congress, we had an earlier version of this bill, S. 10. We tried to improve it, and I think we did. I will describe in more detail S. 254. The juvenile crime bill we turn to today reflects that progress, and I commend Senator Hatch for his leadership in continuing to push forward and building a consensus of Republicans and Democrats. I thought we missed opportunities in the last Congress to come together on legislative efforts to deal with youth violence. I hope we will not miss that opportunity in this Congress and we can come together.  In fact, many of the improvements we tried to make to the juvenile crime bill, S. 10, were rejected mostly along party-line votes in the Judiciary Committee, and by nearly a party-line vote we saw it passed out of committee. Not surprising, because it was a partisan bill, and crime should not be a partisan issue, it was hard to find anybody who liked it when it came to the floor. I made, as did others, a number of criticisms of the bill, and those criticisms were echoed by virtually every major newspaper in the United States, as well as by national leaders, and ranged across the spectrum from Chief Justice William Rehnquist to Marian Wright Edelman, the president of the Children's Defense Fund.  The Philadelphia Inquirer called the bill ``fatally flawed.'' The Los Angeles Times described the bill ``peppered with ridiculous poses and penalties'' and as taking a ``rigid, counterproductive approach'' to juvenile crime prevention. The St. Petersburg Times called the bill ``an amalgam of bad and dangerous ideas.''  Chief Justice Rehnquist criticized S. 10 because it would, as he said, ``eviscerate [the] traditional deference to state prosecutions, thereby increasing substantially the potential workload of the federal judiciary.''  He was concerned that federalizing juvenile crimes meant that ``federal prosecution should be limited to those offenses that cannot and should not be prosecuted in state courts.''  The National District Attorneys Association, having been the vice president of that association, I listened to them. They expressed concern that ``S. 10 goes too far'' in changing the ``core mandates'' which have kept juveniles safer and away from adults while in jail for over 25 years, and that S. 10's new juvenile record-keeping requirements were ``burdensome and contrary to most state laws.''  Similarly, the National Governors' Association, the Council of State Governments, the U.S. Conference of Mayors, the National Association of Counties, the National Conference of State Legislatures expressed concerns about the restrictions S. 10 would place on their ability to combat and prevent juvenile crime effectively.  So with all this criticism, when the Republican leadership said we could not have real debate in the last Congress, that became an unacceptable situation and one, frankly, which created a lot of concern among a number of Republican legislators.  Despite the wellspring of concern by the Federal judiciary and by State and local law enforcement and public officials over significant parts of S. 10 as reported by the Judiciary Committee, we were not going to be allowed to debate it.  In September 1998, the majority propounded a unanimous consent request to permit the Republicans to offer a substitute that contained changes to over 160 separate paragraphs of the bill, but not allow Democrats the same opportunity. That did not allow full and fair debate.  I suggested a plan that would have ensured debate on the more controversial aspects of last year's bill by placing in the Record on September 25, 1998, a proposal for a limited number of Democratic amendments. My proposal was never responded to.  I say that because that was in the past. And I accept the majority leader's representation that this will not happen this year, that we will not allow narrow procedural devices to limit debate on S. 254. And I think we will have a better bill because of that.  There are very good ideas on both the Republican and Democratic side of the aisle here in the Senate to improve this legislation. After all, keeping children safe, both in school and out of school is not a Republican or Democratic idea; that is a basic, automatic feeling that every parent, every family and every person in this Chamber of either party feels strongly.  The concerns I outlined about S. 10 are shared by many others, as well as by child advocates, judges, law enforcement and State and local officials, and were shared here on November 13, 1997; January 29, 1998; April 1, 1998; June 23, 1998; September 8, 1998, and October 15, 1998. I said the bill skimped on effective prevention efforts to stop children from getting into trouble in the first place.  Second, I said the bill would have gutted the core protections which have been in place for over 20 years to protect children who come into contact with the criminal justice system and keep them out of harm's way from adult inmates, to keep status and nonoffenders out of jail altogether, and to address disproportionate minority confinement.  Thirdly, I expressed concern about the federalization of juvenile crime resulting from S. 10's elimination of the requirement that Federal courts only get involved in prosecutions of juveniles if the State cannot or declines to prosecute the juveniles.  Finally, I was concerned that the new accountability block grant in S. 10 contained onerous eligibility requirements which would end up imposing on the States a one-size-fits-all uniform sewn up in Washington for dealing with juvenile crime. The States simply did not want this straitjacket. In fact, at one stage, the way it was written in the bill, no State would have qualified for the block grant; no State of the 50 would have.  So I say this, and I say this as a compliment to Senators on both sides of the aisle who worked on S. 254: It is a much more improved bill than S. 10 in the last Congress. It incorporates many of the improvements we suggested last Congress. I am delighted to see that proposals that the Republicans on the Judiciary Committee specifically voted down in 1997 have now been put back in the bill. These are changes that we have been pushing for a number of years. It is the right approach now to put them back in the bill.  So let's make progress together. I hope through an open floor debate and an open amendment process, without procedural games, we will be able to make sufficient progress to be able to support a Senate bill that can make a difference.  We tried in July 1997 to amend S. 10 to protect the States' traditional prerogative in handling juvenile offenders. And my amendment would have limited the Federal trial as an adult of juveniles charged with nonviolent felonies to circumstances when the State is unwilling or unable to exercise jurisdiction. That was defeated. Whereas, the language in S. 254 contains a new provision analogous to my previously rejected amendment that would direct Federal prosecutors to ``exercise a presumption in favor of referral'' of juvenile cases to the appropriate State or tribal authorities.  While the language used in this S. 254 section may need some clarification, particularly since it appears to contradict other language in the bill requiring Federal trial of juveniles who commit any Federal offense, it is a provision in the right direction.  In July 1997, we tried to amend S. 10 before the Judiciary Committee to permit limited judicial review of a Federal prosecutor's decision to try certain juveniles as adults. S. 10 granted sole, nonreviewable authority to Federal prosecutors to try juveniles as adults for any Federal felony, removing Federal judges from that decision altogether.  I am a little bit hesitant to give authority to any Federal prosecutor--special prosecutors or regular Federal prosecutors--that cannot be reviewed. And my amendment would have granted Federal judges authority in appropriate cases to review a prosecutor's decision. Only three States in the country granted prosecutors the extraordinary authority over juvenile cases that S. 10 proposed, including Florida.  I mention that because sometimes we get the impression that here in Washington we always know better than the States. In criminal procedures, criminal process, we should look at the States and their experience in determining whether we should step in and change things. And when you find that only three States have done what we were asking to do, you ask why. And I mentioned Florida as being one of the States that granted this extraordinary authority.  Earlier this year, we saw the consequences of that kind of authority, when a local prosecutor in that State charged, as an adult, a 15-year-old mildly retarded boy with no prior record, who stole $2 from a school classmate to buy lunch. The local prosecutor locked up this retarded boy in an adult jail for weeks. You can imagine what that was like, for this $2 theft, before national press coverage forced a review of the charging decision in this case. We do not want to see that kind of incident on the Federal level.  Unfortunately, my proposal for a ``reverse waiver'' procedure providing judicial review of a prosecutor's decision was voted down, with no Republican on the committee voting for it.  S. 254 contains a virtually identical ``reverse waiver'' provision to the one proposed that was rejected almost 2 years ago. So that is a welcome change in the bill.  S. 254 also contains a provision to increase penalties for witness tampering that I first suggested and included in the Youth Violence, Crime and Drug Abuse Control Act of 1997, S. 15, which was introduced in the first weeks of the 105th Congress, at the end of the last Congress in the Safe Schools, Safe Streets and Secure Borders Act of 1998, S. 2484, and again in S. 9, the Comprehensive package crime proposals introduced with the Senator Daschle at the beginning of this Congress.  This provision would increase the penalty for using or threatening physical force against any person with intent to tamper with a witness, victim or informant from a maximum of 10 to 20 years imprisonment. In addition, the provision adds a conspiracy penalty for obstruction of justice offenses involving witnesses, victims and informants.  I have long been concerned about the undermining of our criminal justice system by criminal efforts to threaten or harm witnesses, victims and informants, to stop them from cooperating with and providing assistance to law enforcement. I tried to include this provision, along with other law enforcement initiatives, by amendment to S. 10. It was voted down in the committee. I am now pleased to see it is included in S. 254. I think that is an improvement.  S. 254 substantially relaxes the eligibility requirements for the new juvenile accountability block grant. That is a positive step. S. 10 in the last Congress would have required States to comply with a host of new Federal mandates to qualify for the first cent of grant money, an awful lot of recordkeeping mandates, and make all juvenile delinquency records available to law enforcement agencies and to schools, including colleges and universities. We could not find any State that would have qualified for this grant money. We tried to get the Judiciary Committee to revise this. My amendment was then voted down, but I am glad to see that 2 years later S. 254 reflects the criticism that I and other Democrats on the Judiciary Committee leveled at the recordkeeping requirements.  The current bill removes the recordkeeping requirements altogether from the juvenile accountability block grant, as we had requested. In fact, it sets up an entirely new juvenile criminal history block grant funded at $75 million per year. To qualify for a criminal history grant, States would have to promise within 3 years to keep fingerprint-supported records of delinquency adjudications of juveniles who committed a felony act. No more photographs required; no more records of mere arrests required. No more dissemination of petty juvenile offense records to schools required. Only juvenile delinquency adjudications for murder, armed robbery, rape, or sexual molestation must be disseminated in the same manner as records.  So the eligibility requirements for the juvenile accountability block grant now number only three, including that the State have in place a policy of drug testing for appropriate categories. This reflects an amendment that we offered to S. 10 in July of 1997.  One problem I do have is that S. 254 does not allow substance abuse counseling or treatment as an allowable use of grant funds. I hope that is something we can rectify as the bill goes forward.  Now, we have children in custody provisions that were enacted in the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974. This was done to address the horrific conditions in which children were being detained by State authorities in close proximity to adult inmates. These were conditions that often resulted in tragic assaults, rapes, and suicides of those children.  As it has evolved, we have four core protections that have been adopted and, frankly, are working: separation of juvenile offenders from adult inmates in custody, so-called sight and sound separation; removal of juveniles from adult jails or lockups with exceptions for rural areas, travel, weather-related conditions; deinstitutionalization of status offenders; to study and direct prevention efforts toward reducing the disproportionate confinement of minority youth by the juvenile justice system.  S. 254 is an improvement over S. 10, which tried to take out three of the four core protections. S. 254 includes the sight and sound standard for juveniles in Federal custody. The same standard is used to apply to juvenile delinquents in State custody.  S. 254 incorporates changes I recommended to S. 10 in the last Congress to ensure the continued existence and role of State advisory groups. That, I think, is going to be very important. The bill authorizes the use of grant funds to support the SAGs, but it doesn't require States to commit funds. I hope that is an omission that we may be able to work out.  Now, there are a lot of improvements, but there are still some problems. S. 254 does not provide adequate assurance of funding for primary prevention programs. I understand that Senator Hatch may agree to an amendment to earmark 25 percent of the funds appropriated from the juvenile accountability block grant for primary prevention. That is good news. It is less than we had hoped for, but it is certainly progress. I commend him for that.  When Senator Specter tried to earmark funds from this grant program for prevention during committee markup in 1997, his amendment failed. I hope we can do better than that.  Secondly, the bill weakens the core protections under the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act. This would reverse progress made over the past 25 years, and I do not think we should do it. It also includes a sense-of-the-Senate resolution urging States to try juveniles 10 to 14 years old as adults for crimes, such as murder, that would carry the death penalty if committed by an adult. The resolution does not urge the death penalty for such children, but asks for adult prosecution. This is really something the States should make up their minds. We shouldn't be telling them what to do on that.  I say this as a representative of one of the very, very few States in the country that allows the prosecution of juveniles 10 years and older as an adult for certain crimes. We really have in Vermont the toughest law of any State on that, but it is something that the Vermont Legislature decided. It probably shouldn't be opined on by the Senate.  Lastly, the bill is completely silent on how we should address the problem of the easy accessibility of guns to children.  Mr. President, one of the reasons for this debate, one of the best things about this debate, if it is allowed, is a full and open debate, something we were not allowed before. We can address all of these issues.  Again, I urge Senators to come together as Senators, not as Republicans or Democrats, about what would be best. Is there too much violence in the media today? Of course there is. I find it very, very difficult to have any enthusiasm for going to a very violent movie or watching a violent television show. I have been to too many murder scenes. It seems they are always at 2 or 3 in the morning.  If anybody thinks a murder scene is somehow glamorous, talk to people who have been there. I have had a murder victim dying while he was telling me the name of the person who killed him. You can imagine the shock when the person he was telling me had killed him was his own son.  There is nothing exciting or glamorous about this. There is nothing exciting or glamorous about the stench, the sight, the view of a murder scene. Anybody who has visited them knows that. Anybody who has visited as many as I have knows it very, very well. We should talk about that--are there too many violent scenes in an antiseptic way given to our juveniles--but at the same time let us be honest enough to say that guns do kill people and there are too many guns available to young people. I say this, coming from a State that is probably the only State in the Union that has no gun laws and also has an extremely low crime rate, a State where parents still teach their youngsters a safe and responsible way to use guns. But there is no reason why a teenager should be allowed to walk in to a gun show anywhere they want and buy any kind of high-powered weaponry they want, with no parental responsibility, no parental supervision.  We should also know that simply saying let's increase penalties does not stop crime. You stop crime by stopping crime, and that means we have to address prevention programs that work and have to understand that a prevention program that may work very well in Alabama may not work in Vermont or vice versa.  The prevention programs, such as the one that stopped youth murders in Boston, is something which should be looked at, and it can be funded, if people want to. We should accept that.  As I said in the opening part of my statement, Mr. President, we also have to accept the fact that parents are not spending enough time with their children and that we ought to get back off this hurly-burly world and understand that nothing we will ever do in life--career, money making, or anything else--is as important as how we raise our children. A lot of parents are going to have to accept that fact. We are going to have to look at the size of our schools and say that you can't have a sense of community in a high school of 1,200 or 1,500 people.  There are a lot of things we can do, and, working together, we can make it better. The murder rate has come down. We have done some very good things in the Congress. The administration deserves credit for it. Law enforcement deserves credit for it. But there is still more to do. Working together, we can do it.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  