President, I am proud to continue my support for dairy farmers by introducing legislation which will make permanent the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact and will authorize the Southern Interstate Dairy Compact.  The Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact has proven itself to be a successful and enduring partnership between dairy farmers and consumers throughout New England, and we want to make sure that this partnership continues.  The Northeast Dairy Compact has done exactly what it was established to do: stabilize fluctuating dairy prices and keep New England dairy farmers in business. The Compact provides the perfect safety net for dairy farmers. When milk prices are high, dairy farmers receive no benefits. When milk prices are low, the Compact takes effect, providing temporary benefits to dairy farmers. Yet the Compact costs taxpayers nothing. I don't need to tell you that a zero cost is very unusual among farm programs.  The Compact makes a big difference in the lives of dairy farmers in New England. Since the Compact went into effect one and a half years ago, the attrition rate for farms has declined throughout New England. In fact, the Vermont Department of Agriculture recently announced that since July of last year, there has actually been an increase in farms in Vermont. Just a few years ago, an increase in the number of farms would have been unfathomable. Solid dairy prices coupled with the safety net of the Dairy Compact have caused a rebound in the dairy industry in New England. We can achieve similar success in the South with a Southern Dairy Compact.  Many of our allies from the South have watched the Northeast Dairy Compact survive several legal and political challenges. They have watched milk sales continue without interruption. They have seen the participation in the WIC nutrition program rise because of help from the compact. And, most important, they see how the compact provides a modest but crucial safety net for struggling farmers. They, too, want the same for their farmers and their farmers deserve the opportunity to create their own regional compact.  Compacts are state-initiated, state-ratified and state-supported voluntary programs. And the need for regional compacts has never been greater. Low dairy prices coupled with a disastrous decision on federal milk marketing reform have made the compact more important to us now than ever before. Our legislation is a huge step toward ensuring that the safety net of the Compact will continue.  The fight to continue the Northeast Compact and create the Southern Compact, however, will be tough. Opponents of regional compacts--large and wealthy milk manufacturers, represented by groups such as the International Dairy Foods Association--will again throw millions of dollars into an all-out campaign to stop the compacts. And they will say anything to stop it.  Some of the most common anti-Compact rhetoric that I have heard suggests that the Compact creates a barrier for trade between states within the Compact and states outside of it. On the contrary, as reported by the Office of Management and Budget, the Northeast Dairy Compact has in fact prompted an increase in interstate dairy sales--particularly for milk coming into New England.  Another common anti-Compact argument concerns the impact of the Compact on consumers. However, New England retail milk prices under the Dairy Compact continue to be lower on average than the rest of the nation.  Processor groups who are opposed to dairy compacts simply want milk as cheap as they can get it to boost their enormous profits to record levels, regardless of the impact on farmers. But at some point if a lot of dairy farmers go out of business, IDFA and others might regret what they have caused.  Make no mistake--I do believe that dairy processors deserve to make their fair share of income. However, the farmers that produce the milk deserve to make a fair living. And a fair living is what dairy compacts provide for farmers.  Compacts have been consumer tested and farmer approved, and I look forward to making them a permanent part of our dairy industry.  