President, I deeply regret that we have reached this point in connection with the nomination of Brian Theadore Stewart to the District Court for Utah. Please understand that Democrats are prepared to vote on this nomination, as we are on all of the judicial nominations pending on the Senate Executive Calendar. This impasse is caused not by Democrats' refusals to vote on that nomination but by Republican refusals to allow a vote on the nominations of Judge Paez or Ms. Berzon. If we can vote on the Stewart nomination in less than 2 months, we should be able to vote on the Paez nomination within 4 years and the Berzon nomination within 2 years.  This debate is about fairness. The Senate needs to be fair to all people in this country. For too long nominees--judicial nominees like Judge Paez, Ms. Berzon and Justice Ronnie White of Missouri, and Executive Branch nominees like Bill Lann Lee-- have been opposed in anonymity through secret holds and delaying tactics. They have been forced to run a gauntlet of Senate confirmation. Those strong enough to survive are being dealt the final death blow not by being defeating in a fair up or down vote on the nomination but through a refusal of the Republican leadership to call them up for a vote. These nomination are being killed through neglect and silence, not defeated by a majority vote.  Today we are not asking for any Senator's vote for any nomination. Instead, I am asking the Senate recognize that its responsibility is to vote on all the judicial nominations on the calendar. We can vote for them or against them, we can vote them up or vote them down, but after 44 months or 27 months or 20 months, after completing every step in what is a long, tortuous confirmation process, the nominations of Judge Richard Paez, Justice Ronnie White and Marsha Berzon are as entitled to a Senate vote as the nomination of Ted Stewart.  I do not begrudge Ted Stewart a Senate vote. Despite strong opposition from many quarters from Utah and around the country, from environmentalists and civil rights advocates alike, I did not oppose the Stewart nomination in Committee and I expect to vote for his final confirmation here on the floor of the United States Senate. I have been supportive of Chairman Hatch in his efforts to expedite Committee consideration of the Stewart nomination with the expectation that these other nominees who have been held up so long, nominees like Judge Richard Paez, Marsha Berzon and Justice White, were to be considered by the Senate and finally voted on, as well. The Chairman and I have both voted for Judge Paez and Justice White each time they were considered by the Committee and we both voted for and support Marsha Berzon.  I have tried to work with the Chairman and with the Majority Leader on all these nominations. I would like to work with those whom the Majority Leader is protecting from having to vote on the Paez and Berzon nominations, but I do not know who there are. In spite of what was supposed to be a Senate policy that did away with anonymous holds, we remain in a situation where I do not even know who is objecting to proceeding to schedule a vote on the Paez and Berzon nominations, let alone why they are objecting. In this setting I have no ability to reason with them or address whatever their concerns are because I do not know their concerns. That is wrong and unfair to the nominees.  I do not deny to any Senator his or her prerogatives as a member of the Senate. I have great respect for this institutions and its traditions. Still, I must say that this use of anonymous holds for extended periods that doom a nomination from ever being considered by the United States Senate is wrong and unfair.  Again, I say that this debate is about fairness and about the Senate being fair to all nominees and to other Senators and to the American people. If we can vote on the Stewart nomination within 4 weeks in session, we can vote on the Paez nomination within 4 years and the Berzon nomination within 2 years. That is the point that the distinguished Democratic Leader was making by moving to proceed to consider those nominations this evening. The Republican majority has refused to debate those nominations and continues its steadfast refusal to vote on them after years of delay.  I do not want to see any judicial nomination held up without a vote, but the Republican leadership is not being fair to the other judicial nominees on the calendar. We ask only for a firm commitment that they will each get an up or down vote, too. The Republican Majority refuses to make even that commitment to a vote before the end of the session on these qualified nominees.  In my statement last week I detailed the path that each of these nominees has traveled to the Senate. All are now available for a vote on confirmation by the Senate. All should be accorded an up or down vote.  Judge Richard Paez is an outstanding jurist and a source of great pride and inspiration to Hispanics in California and around the country. He served as a local judge before being confirmed to the federal court bench several years ago and is currently a Federal District Court Judge. He has twice been reported to the Senate by the Judiciary Committee and has spent a total of 9 months over the last 2 years on the Senate Executive Calendar awaiting the opportunity for a final confirmation vote. His nomination was first received by the Senate in January 1996, 44 months ago.  Justice Ronnie White is an outstanding member of the Missouri Supreme Court and has extensive experience in law and government. He is the first African American to serve on the Missouri Supreme Court. He has also been twice reported favorably to the Senate by the Judiciary Committee and has spent a total of 7 months on the floor calendar awaiting the opportunity for a final confirmation vote. His nomination was first received by the Senate in June 1997, 27 months ago.  Marsha Berzon is one of the most qualified nominees I have seen in 25 years. Her legal skills are outstanding, her practice and productivity have been extraordinary. Lawyers against whom she has litigated regard her as highly qualified for the bench. Nominated for a judgeship within the Circuit that saw this Senate hold up the nominations of other qualified women for months and years--people like Margaret Morrow, Ann Aiken, Margaret McKeown and Susan Oki Mollway--she, too, is listed ahead of the Stewart nomination on the floor calendar. Ms. Berzon was first nominated in January 1998, 20 months ago, and a year and one-half before Mr. Stewart.  It is against this backdrop that we are asking the Senate to be fair to these judicial nominees and all nominees. I do not want to see votes delayed on any nominee. For the last few years the Senate has allowed one or two or three secret holds to stop judicial nominations from even getting a vote. That is wrong.  The Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court wrote in January last year:       Some current nominees have been waiting a considerable time      for a Senate Judiciary Committee vote or a final floor vote.      . . . The Senate is surely under no obligation to confirm any      particular nominee, but after the necessary time for inquiry      it should vote him up or vote him down.  Let us follow the advice of the Chief Justice. Let the Republican leadership schedule up or down votes on the nominations of Judge Paez, Justice White and Marsha Berzon so that we can vote them up or vote them down. And so that we can proceed on all the judicial nominations that our federal courts need to do their job of administering justice. Let us be fair to all.  