President, I cannot think of anything that a parent, a community, or a family would want to do more than to join in their expressions of grief if a disaster struck.  In my family, a disaster like Columbine--in fact, it is almost impossible to say how one would even get through it. I suspect we would gather as a family; we would gather with our community; we would go to our church. Expressions are made in schools, of course.  I do not question the concerns of the distinguished author of this amendment, which are heartfelt. I know him as a good and honest man. I worry, though, that we set a precedent involving our first amendment.  Our Constitution says everyone has equal access to the courts to assert constitutional rights. This amendment can be read to promote one constitutional viewpoint while depriving those who hold the opposing viewpoint of their day in court.  If this becomes law, those who complain of free exercise clause violations by public authorities that exclude religious observances from public spaces could do so with the benefit of additional fee-shifting, whereas those who make the opposite claim--that the establishment clause has been violated--will be disadvantaged.  The first amendment's religion clauses are meant to ensure that the Government is neutral in matters of religion. It says you can practice any religion you want or none if you want, but the Government will remain neutral, thus providing the diversity in this Nation of so many religions, a diversity which has greatly promoted our democracy.  This legislation, by offering the Attorney General's assistance to those who take one viewpoint, while depriving those who take the opposite viewpoint of normal civil rights law remedies, violates this most basic principle of neutrality.  The congressional finding paints with far too broad a brush. It could encompass a variety of activities that violate the first amendment.  While I joined in my own State in gatherings to express condolences to those of the tragedy, I have been in memorial services, I have been in churches and in synagogues where we have prayed for those who have been the victims of tragedies. We have done it knowing that was an appropriate place to do it. I have gathered with families in public gatherings where we have expressed, within the context we do in a public setting, our feelings, and that is appropriate.  As I said, I do not know how the people, not only Columbine but so many communities which have been visited with tragedy, can even get through the tragedy. I do not know how a parent in these tragedies again, without fear, can ever send their child off to school.  Let us not, in our unified intent within this body to show our sympathy, in any way diminish the protections of our first amendment. It is too important to all of us.  I have great respect for the sponsor of this amendment. I have great respect for his honesty and his feelings of sympathy. I have joined with other Senators on the floor of the Senate in expressing my sympathy. I worry this is overly broadly against the first amendment, and because of that, I have to oppose it. I am perfectly willing to yield back time.  