President, today I am voting in support of Senate Joint Resolution 27 which would disapprove normal trade relations treatment to products produced in the People's Republic of China. I do so not because I do not want to see normal trade relations with China. Rather, it is because I do not believe the Chinese Government deserves this treatment until it ceases its brutal repression of Tibetans and others who support democracy.  But there is a more specific concern I have about the fate of one individual, which has caused me to support this Resolution.  For over 3 years people from around the world and all walks of life have sought the release of and information about Mr. Ngawang Choephel, a Tibetan who studied ethnomusicology at Middlebury College in Vermont on a Fulbright Scholarship. On December 26, 1996, after detaining him incommunicado for months, Chinese authorities sentenced Mr. Choephel to 18 years in prison for espionage. His crime? Making a documentary film about Tibetan music and dance.  Since his arrest, Mr. Choephel's mother, Ms. Sonam Dekyi, has been actively seeking his release, as well as permission from the Chinese Government to travel to Tibet to visit her son. Although Ms. Dekyi has tried repeatedly to obtain a visa from the Chinese Embassy in New Delhi and written to the Chinese Prison Administration's Direct General about her request, Chinese authorities falsely deny knowledge of her request.  United States officials have raised Mr. Choephel with the Chinese Government at the highest levels. I have twice discussed my concerns with Chinese President Jiang Zemin, once in Beijing and again in Washington. I asked him to personally review Mr. Choephel's case. I and other Members of Congress have written many letters to Chinese officials on Mr. Choephel's and his mother's behalf. I have tried to discuss his case with Chinese authorities here in Washington, DC, as has my staff. What has been the response? Deliberate and utter disregard of my inquiries.  Mr. President, until the Chinese Government provides satisfactory answers to my questions about Mr. Choephel's whereabouts, his health, the reasons for his incarceration and the evidence against him, and permits his mother to visit him as she is entitled to, I cannot in good conscience vote for normal trade relations with China.  