President, I thank my good friend from Kentucky for his comments, and as always, when working on this piece of legislation withhim, it has been a pleasure, notwithstanding the lack of allocations we had.  I concur with the distinguished senior Senator from Kentucky that we should try to wrap this up at a time certain. I will join with him at the appropriate time in a unanimous consent request that all amendments be filed by noon today. The reason I mention that now is so that, on this side of the aisle, people are alerted we will be making a request of that nature. I think it can be done.  With the agreement entered into last night by the distinguished majority leader and the distinguished Democratic leader, there is an effort to move some of these bills forward so we can get on to the question of the Patients' Bill of Rights when we come back after the July 4 recess. I urge Senators who have amendments to come to the Chamber and offer them.  This bill was reported by the Appropriations Committee with actually no debate and no amendments. One of the reasons, unfortunately, for the lack of any debate is the amount of funds in this bill is so far below what is needed to adequately fund our foreign policy priorities that there is little point in debating it.  Even if Members want to make changes in the bill, there is no way to pay for it. Everything in it is already underfunded. The bill is $800 million below the 1999 level. It is $1.9 billion below the President's request. No one can accuse the President of failing to try to protect this country's global interests. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for the Congress. Devoting less than 1 percent of the Federal budget to our foreign policy is not responsible.  What this means is we are unable to meet our commitments--our solemn commitments--to the international financial institutions. We did not provide any funds for the President's expanded threat reduction initiative, to dismantle Russian nuclear weapons, to protect fissile material, and pay for other nonproliferation and security programs. We spent hundreds of billions of dollars--literally trillions of dollars--to defend against the threat of the then-Soviet Union.  We are unwilling to spend a tiny, tiny, tiny fraction of 1 percent of that same money now to dismantle some of those nuclear weapons and protect the material from them--material that can fall into the hands of people who do not have the kind of controls that were imposed at the time we were spending hundreds of billions of dollars to protect ourselves. It goes beyond penny-wise and pound-foolish; it goes into irresponsibility, especially in a nuclear age. I, frankly, cannot understand how we have gotten to this point.  We had to cut funding for many of the programs of special interest to Senators, i.e., the Peace Corps. Is there any foreign policy program in this country that we can point to with more pride than the Peace Corps? Yet we cut that.  With additional funds, we could do a great deal more to promote American exports in extremely competitive foreign markets. Other countries that do not begin to have the ability to export as we do are spending more money in trying to build up their foreign markets because they know that will create jobs, good-paying jobs, in their country. We step back and say we do not want to do this.  We can improve global health at a time when infectious diseases are our greatest threat after nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons. There is no major infectious disease that is more than one or two plane rides away from our shores. And this isn't a case where we are showing some great humanitarian gesture to try to stop infectious disease in other continents; it protects us. Not only does it protect the people there, but ebola plague, a resistant strain of tuberculosis, and any other number of things can begin in one country and within hours be in a major airport in our country and then in our population. When it gets here, we will spend fortunes trying to get rid of it. We will not spend pennies in trying to stop it in the first place.  We should be doing more to protect the Earth's natural resources. They are under siege on every continent. Our health and our economy depend on a clean environment. Yet we spend a pittance as we see the environment continue to degrade, almost as though we think as Americans we can look at the borders of our great country and assume that we determine the environment for our people just within those borders.  The environment is determined by the rain forests of the world, by the ``desertization'' of large parts of the world, by chemical and other dumping in our oceans in other parts of the world. If we want to protect us--a quarter of a billion Americans--we ought to be concerned about what happens in other parts of the world.  Half the world is asking for help in building new democratic societies, but we have little to offer. For decades, again, we spent hundreds of billions of dollars--trillions of dollars--saying we were going to stand up for democracy, we were going to stand up against communism; we wanted democracy in the world.  Well, the Berlin Wall has come down. The Iron Curtain has rusted through. These countries are saying: Thank God America is there; they can help us form our democracy. And we say: When we thought you would be Communists, we could spend billions and billions and billions of dollars to contain you, but now that you want to be democratic, we don't really have even a tiny fraction of that amount to help you become democratic, to help you develop courts and a free press and a civil system, and on and on.  We should double or triple our support for international peacekeeping, especially in places such as Sierra Leone where NATO cannot intervene but the atrocities are far worse. Daily we see it in Kosovo. We almost have this thought that if we do not turn on CNN and see atrocities, they are not occurring. I suggest that Senators read the Intelligence Digest, read the free press, when they do report them and think of these atrocities that we could help stop.  If we do not do anything in these areas, all the areas I have talked about, because we save some pennies today by not doing anything in these areas, we are saddling future generations of Americans with far greater costs, and as we go into the next century, we saddle future Americans with a more dangerous and unstable world, a world that is increasingly polarized between the very rich and the extraordinarily poor.  I have little doubt that the President would veto a foreign operations bill at this level.  Having said all that, Senator McConnell and I did the best we could with the allocation we received. We have tried to allocate the funds we had in the most responsible way possible.  I thank the senior Senator from Kentucky for the bipartisan way he worked with me to put this bill together. It has become a tradition of the Senator from Kentucky and the Senator from Vermont to work together on these issues. I am grateful to him. I think what he has done serves the Senate well. I think it serves the American people well.  Obviously, if I were in Senator McConnell's position, I might have done some things differently, just as he would look at some of the things I have asked to be put in this bill and are included and do them differently. But on the whole, we have worked together to write a balanced piece of legislation. In fact, the funds are so tight, the balance is so delicate, I cannot imagine how I might accept any amendments, Democrat or Republican, to cut or add funds in this bill. This is a Rubik's cube, a small Rubik's cube but a Rubik's cube nonetheless, we have tried to put together.  I think we Senators should thank the chairman and the ranking member of the full committee, the senior Senator from Alaska, Mr. Stevens, and the senior Senator from West Virginia, Mr. Byrd, who did their best to give us a fair allocation within the limits they had to work with.  But if I might, before I yield the floor, mention a couple issues I am especially concerned about. One is the Global Environment Facility. It is one of the world's leading international environmental organizations. It funds projects to protect biodiversity, to prevent ocean pollution, to protect the ozone, and to prevent climate change.  Take a poll of the American people. Ask them how many are in favor of just those items. A resounding majority of the American people would be infavor of protecting biodiversity, preventing ocean pollution, protecting the ozone, preventing climate change. For this endeavor, the administration requested $143 million for fiscal year 2000. That includes $35 million we owe already in prior year arrears. This bill contains just $25 million for arrears, and that is not acceptable.  Ask the American people if they have a justifiable concern about terrorism, and they will say yes. Those of us, the chairman and myself, who have access to the most current intelligence of our intelligence agencies know that the fear of terrorism is justifiable. The President requested $33 million for antiterrorism training programs. Under our allocation, we could only provide him $20 million. The request also included $10 million for a new antiterrorism program to help developing countries strengthen their border control systems--again, because the terrorism that may show up in those developing countries is a plane ride away from our shores. Even though the President's antiterrorism initiative is a good one, we cannot include any funds for it. Not that we don't want to fund these programs; the money is not there to do it.  There are a lot of other programs I could mention that need additional funds. Hopefully, before this session is over, we may get a revised allocation that will allow us to go into some of these areas. But right now I think we should act on the bill to move the process forward.  Again, I salute the chairman and ranking member of the full committee, the distinguished Senators from Alaska and West Virginia, for pushing so hard to go forward. The fact that the distinguished senior Senator from Kentucky and I have the working relationship we do, I think, helped us move forward with this. We should go forward with the process. Hopefully the other body will start moving on theirs. I think we could complete action on this bill in a very few hours. Senators who have amendments should not delay to offer them.  As I said earlier, to preserve the delicate balance of this bill, I expect to be opposing amendments that do not have suitable offsets.  With that, I yield the floor. The Senator from Kentucky and I are now the humble servants of the Senate, ready to start the sausage grinder forward. Hopefully, we can end up with a product very quickly.  