President, today Senators Brownback, Feingold, Kennedy, Kerry, Jeffords, and I are introducing the Refugee Protection Act of 1999, a bill to limit and reform the expedited removal system currently operating in our ports of entry.  In 1996, I introduced an amendment that would have only authorized the use of expedited removal at times of immigration emergencies. The bill I introduce today--with the cosponsorship of two Republican and three Democratic Senators--is modeled on that proposal. That amendment passed the Senate with bipartisan support, but was omitted from the bill that was reported out of a partisan, closed conference. As a result, expedited removal took effect on April 1, 1997. America's historic reputation as a beacon for refugees has suffered as a consequence.  Expedited removal allows INS inspections officers summarily to remove aliens who arrive in the United States without travel documents, or even with facially valid travel documents that the officers merely suspect are fraudulent, unless the aliens utter the magic words ``political asylum'' upon their first meeting with American immigration authorities. This policy is fundamentally unwise and unfair, both in theory and in practice.  First, this policy ignores the fact that many deserving asylum applicants are forced to travel without papers. For example, victims of repressive governments often find themselves forced to flee their homelands at a moment's notice, without time or means to acquire proper documentation. Or a government may systematically strip refugees of their documentation, as we saw Serb soldiers do in Kosovo earlier this year.  Second, expedited removal places an undue burden on refugees, and places too much authority in the hands of low-level INS officers. Refugees typically arrive at our borders ragged and tired from their ordeals, and often with little or no knowledge of English. Our policy forces them to undergo a secondary inspection interview with a low-level INS officer who can deport them on the spot, subject only to a supervisor's approval. By law, anyone who indicates a fear of persecution or requests asylum during this interview is to be referred for an interview with an asylum officer. But no safeguards exist to guarantee that this happens, and the secondary inspection interviews take place behind closed doors with no witnesses. Indeed, this interview often becomes unduly confrontation and intimidating. As the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights has documented, refugees are detained for as long as 36 hours, are deprived of food and water, and are often shackled. If they are lucky, they will be provided with an interpreter who speaks their language. If they are unlucky, they will receive no interpreter at all, or an interpreter who works for the airline owned by the government that they claim is persecuting them. Such a system is a betrayal of our ideals, and is already producing a human cost.  Indeed, only a few years into this new regime, there are extraordinary troubling stories of bona fide refugees who were turned away unjustly at our borders. I will talk about two such refugees today.  ``Dem'' (a pseudonym) was a 21-year-old ethnic Albanian student in Kosovo. In October 1998, Serbian police seized him and tortured him for 10 days, accusing him of terrorism and threatening to kill his family. Immediately after this experience, Dem fled Kosovo, without travel documents. He traveled through Albania to Italy, where he purchased a Slovenian passport. In January of this year, he flew via Mexico City to California, hoping to find refuge in the United States.  Dem's hopes were not realized. The INS referred him for a secondary inspection interview and provided for a Serbian translator to participate by telephone. Since Dem could speak only Albanian, the interpreter was useless. Instead of finding an interpreter who could speak Albanian, the INS officers simply closed Dem's case, handcuffed his hands behind his back and put him on a plane back to Mexico City. In other words, Dem--a victim of an ethnic conflict that was already front page news in America's newspapers--was removed from the United States without ever being asked in a language he could understand whether he was afraid to return to Kosovo. Luckily, Dem succeeded in a second attempt to enter the United States, has since been found to have a credible fear of persecution, and is now awaiting an asylum hearing. One can only wonder how many refugees in Dem's position never receive such a second chance.  While Dem was arriving in Los Angeles this January, a Tamil from Sri Lanka named Arumugam Thevakumar arrived at JFK Airport in New York seeking asylum. Mr. Thevakumar had escaped from Sri Lanka and its bloody civil war, but only after being persecuted by the army because he is a Tamil. When he had his secondary inspection interview, he told the interpreter that he was a refugee and sought asylum. The translator laughed and said that he was unable to translate Mr. Thevakumar's request into English. In addition to battling a language barrier and an uncooperative translator, Mr. Thevakumar's ability to convince the INS of his sincerity was further handicapped by the fact that he was handcuffed and shackled for significant portions of the interview.  Following his interview, Mr. Thevakumar was briefly detained and was allowed to telephone a cousin, who arranged for a lawyer. The lawyer contacted the INS to clarify that Mr. Thevakumar wanted to apply for asylum. But the INS sent Mr. Thevakumar back to Istanbul, where his flight to New York had originated, without affording him even the opportunity to show that he was deserving of asylum. Indeed, the INS faulted him for not making his intention to apply for asylum clear during his secondary inspection interview.  Mr. Thevakumar's ordeal did not end there. When he landed in Turkey, he was jailed for four days by immigration officials, who beat and interrogated him before handing him over to regular police. When he was finally released by the police, he was referred to a United Nations office in Ankara, halfway across the country from Istanbul. After 15 days of travel wearing clothes that were completely unsuitable for the Turkish winter, he finally arrived at the U.N. office and requested refugee status and asked not to be sent back to Sri Lanka. He is currently living in a Red Cross facility in Turkey.  These stories--just two of the many stories demonstrating the human cost of expedited removal--go a long way toward showing the inhumanity of the new immigration regime that Congress imposed in 1996. But refugees are not the only people affected by expedited removal. Human rights groups have also documented numerous cases where people traveling to the United States on business, with proper travel documents, have been removed based on the so-called ``sixth sense'' of a low-level INS officer who suspected that their facially valid documents were fraudulent. In other words, the damage done by expedited removal also threatens the increasingly international American economy--if businesspeople fromaround the world are treated disrespectfully at our ports of entry, they are likely to take their business elsewhere.  But perhaps the most distressing part of expedited removal is that there is no way for us to know how many deserving refugees have been excluded. Because secondary inspection interviews are conducted in secret, we typically only learn about mistakes when refugees manage to make it back to the U.S. a second time, like Dem, or when they are deported to a third country they passed through on their way to the U.S., like Mr. Thevakumar. This uncertainty should lead us to be especially wary of continuing this failed experiment.  As I said, my bill would limit the use of expedited removal to times of immigration emergencies, defined as the arrival or imminent arrival of aliens that would substantially exceed the INS' ability to control our borders. The bill gives the Attorney General the discretion to declare an emergency migration situation, and the declaration is good for 90 days. During those 90 days, the INS would be authorized to use expedited removal. The Attorney General is given the power to extend the declaration for further periods of 90 days, in consultation with the House and Senate Judiciary Committees. s  This framework allows the government to take extraordinary steps when a true immigration emergency threatens our ability to patrol our borders. At the same time, it recognizes that expedited removal is an extraordinary step, and is not an appropriate measure under ordinary circumstances.  This bill also provides safeguards that will ensure that refugees are assured of some due process rights, even during immigration emergencies. First, aliens would be given the right to have an immigration judge review a removal order, and would have the right both to speak before the immigration judge on their own behalf and to be represented at the hearing at their own expense. To make these rights meaningful, immigration officers would be required to inform aliens of their rights before they are removed or withdraw their application to enter the country. This provision takes away from low-level INS officers the unilateral power to remove an alien from the United States.  Second, expedited removal will not apply to aliens who have fled from a country that engages in serious human rights violations. The Attorney General, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, will develop and maintain a list of such countries. This will help ensure that even during an immigration emergency, we will provide added protection for many of our most vulnerable refugees.  Third, this bill reforms the procedures used to determine whether an applicant who seeks asylum has a credible fear of persecution. If an asylum officer determines that an applicant does not have a credible fear of persecution, the applicant will now have a right to a prompt review by an immigration judge. The applicant will have the right to appear at that review hearing and to be represented, at the applicant's expense. In addition to providing procedural guarantees, the bill also redefines ``credible fear of persecution'' as a claim for asylum that is not clearly fraudulent and is related to the criteria for granting asylum. In combination, these changes will make it easier for aliens requesting asylum in the United States to receive an appropriate asylum hearing before an immigrant judge.  Fourth, the bill clarifies that the Attorney General is not obligated to detain asylum applicants while their claims are pending. Asylum seekers are not criminals and they do not deserve to be imprisoned or detained against their will. There may be cases where detention is appropriate, and this bill allows for such cases, but I believe that that power should only be used in very rare cases. After all, these applicants have by definition demonstrated a credible fear of persecution. Moreover, detaining asylum applicants imposes a significant burden on the taxpayers, who of course must foot the bill for the detention. This bill also gives the Attorney General the ability to release an asylum applicant from detention pending a final determination of credible fear of persecution.  Finally, this Refugee Protection Act also addresses a few other problems that have arisen under the restrictive immigration laws Congress passed in 1996. First, it gives aliens the opportunity to demonstrate good cause for filing for asylum after the one-year time limit for claims has expired. By definition, worthy asylum applicants have arrived in the United States following traumatic experiences abroad. They often must spend their first months here learning the language and adjusting to a culture that in many cases is extraordinarily different from the one they know. Therefore, although I can understand the desire to have asylum seekers submit timely applications, we must apply the one-year rule with some discretion and common sense. Indeed, when the Senate passed the 1996 immigration law, it contained a broad ``good cause'' exception that did not survive to become part of the final legislation. The Senate should take up this issue again; we were right in 1996, and the need is still there today.  In a similar vein, the bill allows asylum applicants whose claims have been rejected to submit a second application where they can show good cause. No one wants to allow aliens to submit repeated applications and drain the resources of our INS officers and immigration courts. But there are exceptional cases where a second application is justified, beyond the ``changed circumstances'' exception that exists under current law. For example, extraordinarily worthy asylum applicants, unfamiliar with the United States and its legal system, might submit an application without the benefit of counsel and without an understanding of the legal requirements of a successful asylum claim. Such people deserve a second chance to demonstrate that they deserve to receive asylum.  In conclusion, I point out that even in 1996, a year in which immigration was as unpopular in this Capitol as I can remember, this body agreed that expedited removal was inappropriate for a country of our ideals and our historic commitment to human rights. And that agreement cut across party lines, as many of my Republican colleagues voted to implement expedited removal only in times of immigration emergencies. I urge them, as well as my fellow Democrats, to support this legislation and to work for its passage before the end of the 106th Congress.  