President, yesterday was the 6 month anniversary of the shooting at Columbine High School in Littleton, CO. Fourteen students and a teacher lost their lives in that tragedy on April 20, 1999. But still the Congressional leadership refuses to send to the President comprehensive juvenile justice legislation.  This is shameful.  As we have for months now, Senate and House Democrats stand ready to work with Republicans to enact into law an effective juvenile justice conference report that includes reasonable gun safety provisions. Yesterday, all the House and Senate Democratic conferees sent a letter to Senator Hatch and Congressman Hyde calling for an open meeting of the juvenile justice conference.  We need to bring this up. Vote it up. Vote it down. I don't know what everybody is scared of. But at least let's vote.  This delay is simply because of the opposition of the gun lobby to any new firearm safety laws. Even though the Senate passed the Hatch-Leahy Juvenile Justice Bill in May, we still have not moved forward on a juvenile justice conference report.  I hope the majority will hear the call of our nation's law enforcement officers to act now to pass a strong and effective juvenile justice conference report.  Ten national law enforcement organizations, representing thousands of law enforcement officers, yesterday endorsed the Senate-passed gun safety amendments and support loophole-free firearm laws: International Association of Chiefs of Police; International Brotherhood of Police Officers; Police Executive Research Forum; Police Foundation; Major Cities Chiefs; Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association; National Sheriffs Association; National Association of School Resource Officers; National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives; and Hispanic American Police Command Officers Association.  Law enforcement officers in this country need help in keeping guns out of the hands of people who should not have them. I am not talking about people who use guns for hunting or for sport, but about criminals and unsupervised children.  The thousands of law enforcement officers represented by these organizations are demanding that Congress act now to pass a strong and effective juvenile justice conference report. As a conferee, I am ready to work with Republicans and Democrats to do just that.  According to press reports, the Republicans are meeting and having sensitive negotiations over gun proposals. Apparently, the Republicans on the conference and the Republican leadership met last Thursday to hammer out an agreement on guns. They were not successful. Bicameral Republican meetings cannot be confused with bipartisan conference meetings. Only in open conference meetings with an opportunity for full debate will we be able to resolve the differences in the juvenile justice bills and get a law enacted.  Every parent, teacher and student in this country is concerned about school violence over the last two years and worried about when the next shooting may occur. They only hope it does not happen at their school or involve their children.  We all recognize that there is no single cause and no single legislative solution that will cure the ill of youth violence in our schools or in our streets. But we have an opportunity before us to do our part. We should seize this opportunity to act on balanced, effective juvenile justice legislation, and measures to keep guns out of the hands of children and away from criminals.  I hope we get to work soon and finish what we started in the juvenile justice conference. It is well past the time for Congress to act.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Snowe). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  