President, S. Con. Res. 5 expresses congressional opposition to a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state and urges President Clinton to unequivocally assert United States opposition to such a declaration. I agree with the sponsors of this resolution that it would be extremely unwise for the Palestinian Authority to take such a provocative and destabilizing step.  In open forums and behind closed doors the administration has expressed repeatedly its opposition to any unilateral action by either Palestinians or Israelis which would predetermine issues reserved for final status negotiations. There is no doubt that the United States firmly opposes a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state.  Such a declaration would be a violation of the principles contained in the Oslo Accords, and it could imperil the hard won but fragile agreement reached at Wye River. At the signing of the Wye River Memorandum, the late King Hussein said, ``we are not marking time, we are moving in the right direction.'' A unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state would throw the entire process into reverse. It would be a serious mistake.  So I support S. Con. Res. 5 as far as it goes, Unfortunately, it does not reflect the inescapable fact that there are two sides to the Middle East Conflict. Just as the Palestinian Authority has fallen short in its implementation of its Oslo commitments, so have some Israeli Government actions exacerbated the condition which have caused some Palestinians to demand that the issue of statehood be resolved outside the scope of the Oslo process. Many have lost the hope that was kindled by the handshake between Prime Minister Rabin and Chairman Arafat on the White House lawn in 1995. Had the resolution been better written or balanced I could have co-sponsored it.  Despite these setbacks, the administration has played a key role in keeping the peace process alive. Congress has been asked to provide over a billion dollars in new funding to support implementation of the Wye River Memorandum. This is funding that we are very hard-pressed to find, but lasting peace in the Middle East is in the strong interest of the United States. Just as we are doing out utmost to bring the parties together, they need to demonstrate that they are fulfilling their commitments. They must both refrain from taking provocative, unilateral actions that would jeopardize the prospects for peace and they must both be willing to take the necessary risks to ensure a safe and prosperous future for their people.  