President, earlier I came to the floor to show what happens in an actual case today under the law.  In a case in Warren, MI, a man bought a $100,000 computer system and it was not Y2K compliant. He almost lost his business. However, he was able to follow the State laws we have today. He was able to use State law, enforce it, and save going into bankruptcy, save being out of business.  Under the law before the Senate today, instead, here is what would happen. Rather than a straight line of protection for that small businessperson, here is the way it goes: dead end, dead end, roadblock, roadblock, dead end, dead end, roadblock.  Now they say they have cured it. What did they do? They took off one of the roadblocks.  Look at this chart. The roads in Kosovo are easier to drive through than the roads on this so-called Y2K ``correction'' bill.  I wish we did what we did last year. We had a good Y2K bill. The information-sharing law, S. 96, was done in a truly bipartisan way. It passed virtually unanimously. It was signed into law.  Now we have a bill, instead of making efforts to bring all parties together to have a bill the President could sign, we have something we know the President will veto, and he will veto it because of these dead ends, because of these detours, because of these roadblocks, because the court door is slammed, and because it wipes out every single State law in this country--all 50.  Mr. President, a few months ago, I came to the Senate floor to take a look at what this Y2K liability bill will actually do in a real life situation. I had a similar chart with me at that time.  Since then, we have heard some of my colleagues praise the so-called compromise on the Y2K liability protection bill. I have adjusted my chart to take into account the changes made to S. 96. You can see that this new so-called compromise eliminated only one road block on the road to justice. The ``compromise'' dropped liability protection for officers and directors of corporations that have Y2K computer problems. All these other special legal protections are still in S. 96.  Let's take a closer look at my chart under the modified S. 96. The chart still illustrates the many detours, roadblocks and dead ends that this bill would impose on a innocent plaintiff in our state-based legal system. Let's take a real life example of a Y2K problem and see what would happen under the sweeping terms of this new bill.  A small business owner from Warren, Michigan, Mark Yarsike, testified this year before the Commerce and Judiciary Committees about his Y2K problems. In 1997, he brought a new computer cash register system for his small business, Produce Palace, that was not Y2K compliant. Naturally, he assumed his new cash register system would be Y2K compliant. But it was not.  His brand new high-tech cash register system, which cost almost $100,000, kept crashing. After more than 200 service calls, it was finally discovered that his computer cash register system kept breaking down because it could not read credit cards with an expiration date in the year 2000. A Y2K computer defect that would be covered under this so-called ``compromise'' bill.  At the top of this chart is how the state-based court system works today for Mark Yarsike. His business buys a new computerized cash register system and a Y2K defect crashes the system. He then asks the cash register company to fix the system. If Congress rejects current Y2K liability legislation, a small business owner has two options under traditional state law.  The cash register company agrees to solve the Y2K problem and the smallbusiness owner has a quick and fair settlement.  If the company fails to fix the cash register system with the Y2K defect, then a small business owner has the option to have his day in court and proceed with a fair trial. That is what Mark Yarsike did. He was forced to buy a new computer cash register system from another company and sued the first company that sold him the non-Y2K compliant system. He was able to recoup his losses through a fair settlement.  Today's court system worked for him.  Now what happens to that same small business owner who brought a Y2K defective computer cash register system under the bill before us. Well, the current ``compromise'' bill overrides the 50 state laws and places new Federal detours, roadblocks, and dead ends from justice for that small business owner. Let's take another look at the chart.  If Congress enacts this Y2K liability protection legislation that overrides state law, the small business owner faces all these special legal protections on his road to justice.  The bill's sweeping legal restrictions include--90 day waiting period, preservation of unconscionable contracts' terms, heightened pleading requirements, new class action requirements, duty to anticipate and avoid Y2K damages, override of implied warranties under state law, caps on punitive damages, limits on joint and several liability, and bystander liability protection. All these special legal protections still apply to small business owners and consumers under this so-called ``compromise.''  All these dead ends on the road to justice may force a small business owner, like Mark Yarsike, to file for bankruptcy or lay off employees.  The bill contains severe limits on recovery by capping punitive damages to 3 times the amount of compensatory damages or $250,000, whichever is less, for medium-sized and small businesses. The sponsors of this ``compromise'' have touted the fact that they struck the looser punitive damages cap for larger businesses that was in the bill. I agree that this is an improvement, but it comes with another troubling compromise.  The bill now defines small businesses as firms with fewer than 50 employees, instead of firms with fewer than 25 employees, which was the definition in the original bill. As a result, the absolute cap of $250,000 on punitive damages now applies to many more businesses without any justification. Never before in any product liability tort ``reform'' bill has a small business been defined so broadly.  An exception to this punitive damages cap has been added if a plaintiff can prove that the defendant intentionally defrauded the plaintiff. Of course, the plaintiff must prove this by a higher standard of proof than normal--by clear and convincing evidence. Even the legal standard to prove an exception is stacked against the plaintiff under this bill.  This exception will prove meaningless in the real world because no one will be able to meet this exception for proving the injury was specifically intended. How in the world is our small business owner going to prove that the cash register company intentionally tried to injury him by selling a Y2K defective cash register system? How in the world is our small business owner going to prove this specific intent by clear and convincing evidence? Get real.  As a result, the small business owner who is harmed by the Y2K defective cash register system may be forced into bankruptcy or lay off employees.  To the credit of the sponsors of this ``compromise,'' they have struck the last road block in the original bill--special liability protection to directors and officers of companies involved in Y2K disputes. I commend them for striking this section. Providing special Y2K liability protection to the key company decision makers would hinder Y2K remediation efforts. Instead, we want to encourage these key decision makers to be overseeing aggressive year 2000 compliance measures.  I hope special legal protections for corporate officers and directors does not resurface in the final bill after conference with the House.  A few of these detours, roadblocks and dead ends in this so-called ``compromise'' may be justified to prevent frivolous Y2K litigation. But certainly not all of them.  This bill makes seeking justice for the harm caused by a Y2K computer problem into a game of chutes and ladders--but there are only chutes for plaintiffs and no ladders. The defendant wins every time under the rigged rules of this game.  Unfortunately, this so-called compromise bill still overreaches again and again. It is not close to being balanced.  During Senate consideration of S. 96 last week, some of my colleagues and I offered amendments to add some balance to this bill. But the majority defeated every one.  Senator John Kerry offered an alternative, which was endorsed by the White House. The President would sign Senator Kerry's bill tomorrow, but the majority voted it down.  I offered a consumer protection amendment to exclude ordinary consumers from the bill's legal detours, road blocks and dead ends. My amendment would have granted relief from the bill's broad Federal preemption for ordinary consumers to access their home state consumer protection laws. But the majority voted it down.  Senator Edwards offered two amendments to add balance to the bill. The first clarified the bill's economic loss section to ensure that recovery would be permitted only for claims allowed under applicable state or Federal law effective on January 1, 1999. The second excluded bad actors from the bill's special legal protections if they sold non-Y2K compliant products in 1999. But again the majority voted down these amendments.  Senator Boxer offered an amendment for computer manufacturers to offer free or at-cost fixes to small businesses and consumers who had purchased Y2K defective products as a requirement for these same computer manufacturers to be protected under S. 96. This amendment would have added real balance to the bill. But the majority voted it down.  The prospect of Y2K computer problems requires remedial efforts and increased compliance. But as last week's delay in voting on final passage of S. 96 made clear, this bill is not about promoting Y2K compliance; it is about sweeping liability protection and partisan politics.  I fear that all the special legal protections for Y2K problems in S. 96 will hinder serious Y2K remediation efforts in 1999. Instead of passing protections against future lawsuits, Congress should be encouraging Y2K remediation efforts during the last six months of 1999. We have to fix as many of these problems ahead of time as we can. Ultimately, the best business policy and the best defense against Y2K-based lawsuits is to be Y2K compliant.  That is why I hosted a Y2K conference in Vermont to help small businesses prepare for 2000. That is why I taped a Y2K public service announcement in my home state. That is why I cosponsored Senator Bond and Senator Kerry's new law, the ``Small Business Year 2000 Readiness Act,'' to create SBA loans for small businesses to eliminate their Y2K computer problems now. That is why I introduced, with Senator Dodd as the lead cosponsor, the ``Small Business Y2K Compliance Act,'' S. 962, to offer new tax incentives for purchasing Y2K compliant hardware and software.  These real measures will avoid future Y2K lawsuits by encouraging Y2K compliance now.  Last year, I joined with Senator Hatch to pass into law a consensus bill known as ``The Year 2000 Information and Readiness Disclosure Act.'' We worked on a bipartisan basis with Senator Bennett, Senator Dodd, the Administration, industry representatives and others to reach agreement on a bill to facilitate information sharing to encourage Y2K compliance.  The new law, enacted less than nine months ago, is working to encourage companies to work together and share Y2K solutions and test results. It promotes company-to-company information sharing while not limiting rights of consumers. That is the model we should use to enact balanced and narrow legislation to deter frivolous Y2K litigation while encouraging responsible Y2K compliance.  Unlike last year's Y2K information sharing law, S. 96 is not narrow or balanced. Instead it is a wish list for special interests that are or might become involved in Y2K litigation.  This bill sends the wrong signal to the business community about its Y2K remediaton efforts. It is telling them; ``Don't worry, be happy.'' That will only make Y2K computer problems worse next year, instead of fixing them this year.  The coming of the millennium should not be an excuse for cutting off the rights of those who will be harmed, turning our States' civil justice system upside down, or immunizing those who recklessly disregard the coming problem to the detriment of American consumers.  I remain open to continuing to work with interested members of the Senate on bipartisan, consensus legislation that would protect consumers, deter frivolous Y2K lawsuits and encourage responsible Y2K compliance. S. 96 is not that bill.  The President will veto S. 96 in its present form, as he should. Then perhaps we can sit down with all interested parties and craft a truly balanced bill.  Those of us in Congress who have been active on technology-related issues have struggled mightily, and successfully, to act in a bipartisan way. It would be unfortunate, and it would be harmful to the technology industry, technology users and to all consumers, if that pattern is broken over this bill.  Mr. McCAIN. I yield 8 minutes to the Senator from Alabama, Senator Sessions.  