President, I am pleased that the Senate is today passing the Hatch-Leahy substitute amendment to S. 1255, the ``Anticybersquatting Consumer Protection Act.'' Senator Hatch and I, and others, have worked hard to craft this legislation in a balanced fashion to protect trademark owners and consumers doing business online, and Internet users who want to participate in what the Supreme Court has described as ```a unique and wholly new medium of worldwide human communication.'' Reno v. ACLU, 521 U.S. 844 (1997).  On July 29, 1999, Senator Hatch and I, along with several other Senators, introduced S. 1461, the ``Domain Name Piracy Prevention Act of 1999.'' This bill then provided the text of the Hatch-Leahy substitute amendment that we offered to S. 1255 at the Judiciary Committee's executive business meeting the same day. The Committee unanimously reported the substitute amendment favorably to the Senate for consideration. This substitute amendment, with three additional refinements contained in a Hatch-Leahy clarifying amendment, is the legislation that the Senate considers today.  Trademarks are important tools of commerce.--The exclusive right to the use of a unique mark helps companies compete in the marketplace by distinguishing their goods and services from those of their competitors, and helps consumers identify the source of a product by linking it with a particular company. The use of trademarks by companies, and reliance on trademarks by consumers, will only become more important as the global marketplace becomes larger and more accessible with electronic commerce. The reason is simple: when a trademarked name isused as a company's address in cyberspace, customers know where to go online to conduct business with that company.  The growth of electronic commerce is having a positive effect on the economies of small rural states like mine. A Vermont Internet Commerce report I commissioned earlier this year found that Vermont gained more than 1,000 new jobs as a result of Internet commerce, with the potential that Vermont could add more than 24,000 jobs over the next two years. For a small state like ours, this is very good news.  Along with the good news, this report identified a number of obstacles that stand in the way of Vermont reaching the full potential promised by Internet commerce. One obstacle is that ``merchants are anxious about not being able to control where their names and brands are being displayed.'' Another is the need to bolster consumers' confidence in online shopping.  Cybersquatters hurt electronic commerce.--Both merchant and consumer confidence in conducting business online are undermined by so-called ``cybersquatters'' or ``cyberpirates,'' who abuse the rights of trademark holders by purposely and maliciously registering as a domain name the trademarked name of another company to divert and confuse customers or to deny the company the ability to establish an easy-to-find online location. A recent report by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) on the Internet domain name process has characterized cybersquatting as ``predatory and parasitical practices by a minority of domain registrants acting in bad faith'' to register famous or well-known marks of others--which can lead to consumer confusion or downright fraud.  Enforcing trademarks in cyberspace will promote global electronic commerce.--Enforcing trademark law in cyberspace can help bring consumer confidence to this new frontier. That is why I have long been concerned with protecting registered trademarks online. Indeed, when the Congress passed the Federal Trademark Dilution Act of 1995, I noted that: ``[A]lthough no one else has yet considered this application, it is my hope that this antidilution statute can help stem the use of deceptive Internet addresses taken by those who are choosing marks that are associated with the products and reputations of others.'' (Congressional Record, Dec. 29, 1995, page S19312)  In addition, last year I authored an amendment that was enacted as part of the Next Generation Internet Research Act authorizing the National Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences to study the effects on trademark holders of adding new top-level domain names and requesting recommendations on inexpensive and expeditious procedures for resolving trademark disputes over the assignment of domain names. Both the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) and WIPO are also making recommendations on these procedures. Adoption of a uniform trademark domain name dispute resolution policy will be of enormous benefit to American trademark owners.  The ``Domain Name Piracy Prevention Act,'' S. 1461, which formed the basis for the substitute amendment to S. 1255 that the Senate considers today, is not intended in any way to frustrate these global efforts already underway to develop inexpensive and expeditious procedures for resolving domain name disputes that avoid costly and time-consuming litigation in the court systems either here or abroad. In fact, the legislation expressly provides liability limitations for domain name registrars, registries or other domain name registration authorities when they take actions pursuant to a reasonable policy prohibiting the registration of domain names that are identical or confusingly similar to another's trademark or dilutive of a famous trademark. The ICANN and WIPO consideration of these issues will inform the development by domain name registrars and registries of such reasonable policies.  The Federal Trademark Dilution Act of 1995 has been used as I predicted to help stop misleading uses of trademarks as domain names. One court has described this exercise by saying that ``attempting to apply established trademark law in the fast-developing world of the Internet is somewhat like trying to board a moving bus . . .'' Bensusan Restaurant Corp. v. King, 126 F.3d 25 (2d Cir. 1997). Nevertheless, the courts appear to be handling ``cybersquatting'' cases well. As University of Miami Law Professor Michael Froomkin noted in testimony submitted at the Judiciary Committee's hearing on this issue on July 22, 1999, ``[i]n every case involving a person who registered large numbers of domains for resale, the cybersquatter has lost.''  For example, courts have had little trouble dealing with a notorious cybersquatter, Dennis Toeppen from Illinois, who registered more than 100 trademarks--including ``yankee stadium.com,'' ``deltaairlines.com,'' and ``neiman-marcus.com''--as domain names for the purpose of eventually selling the names back to the companies owning the trademarks. The various courts reviewing his activities have unanimously determined that he violated the Federal Trademark Dilution Act.  Similarly, Wayne State University Law Professor Jessica Litman noted in testimony submitted at the Judiciary Committee's hearing that those businesses which ``have registered domain names that are confusingly similar to trademarks or personal names in order to use them for pornographic web sites . . . have without exception lost suits brought against them.''  Enforcing or even modifying our trademark laws will be only part of the solution to cybersquatting. Up to now, people have been able to register any number of domain names in the popular ``.com'' domain with no money down and no money due for 60 days. Network Solutions Inc. (NSI), the dominant Internet registrar, announced just last month that it was changing this policy, and requiring payment of the registration fee up front. In doing so, the NSI admitted that it was making this change to curb cybersquatting.  In light of the developing case law, the ongoing efforts within WIPO and ICANN to build a consensus global mechanism for resolving online trademark disputes, and the implementation of domain name registration practices designed to discourage cybersquatting, the legislation we pass today is intended to build upon this progress and provide constructive guidance to trademark holders, domain name registrars and registries and Internet users registering domain names alike.  Commercial sites are not the only ones suffering at the hands of domain name pirates. Even the Congress is not immune: while cspan.org provides detailed coverage of the Senate and House, cspan.net is a pornographic site. Moreover, Senators and presidential hopefuls are finding that domain names like bush2000.org and hatch2000.org are being snatched up by cyber poachers intent on reselling these names for a tidy profit. While this legislation does not help politicians protect their names, it will help small and large businesses and consumers doing business online.  As introduced, S. 1255 was flawed.--I appreciate the efforts of Senators Abraham, Torricelli, Hatch and McCain to focus our attention on this important matter. As originally introduced, S. 1255 proposed to make it illegal to register or use any ``Internet domain name or identifier of an online location'' that could be confused with the trademark of another person or cause dilution of a ``famous trademark.'' Violations were punishable by both civil and criminal penalties.  I voiced concerns at a hearing before the Judiciary Committee that, in its original form, S. 1255 would have a number of unintended consequences that could hurt rather than promote electronic commerce, including the following specific problems:  The definition was overbroad.--As introduced, S. 1255 covered the use or registration of any ``identifier,'' which could cover not just second level domain names, but also e-mail addresses, screen names used in chat rooms, and even files accessible and readable on the Internet. As one witness pointed out, ``the definitions will make every fan a criminal.'' How? A file document about Batman, for example, that uses the trademark ``Batman'' in its name, which also identifies its online location, could land the writer in court under that bill. Cybersquatting is not about file names.  The original bill threatened hypertext linking.--The Web operates on hypertext linking, to facilitate jumping from one site to another. The original bill could have disrupted this practice by imposing liability on operators of sites with links to other sites with trademark names in the address. One could imagine a trademark owner not wanting to be associated with or linked with certain sites, and threatening suit under this proposal unless the link were eliminated or payments were made for allowing the linking.  The original bill would have criminalized dissent and protest sites.--A number of Web sites collect complaints about trademarked products or services, and use the trademarked names to identify themselves. For example, there are protest sites named ``boycott-cbs.com'' and ``www.PepsiBloodbath.com.'' While the speech contained on those sites is clearly constitutionally protected, as originally introduced, S. 1255 would have criminalized the use of the trademarked name to reach the site and made them difficult to search for and find online.  The original bill would have stifled legitimate warehousing of domain names.--The bill, as introduced, would have changed current law and made liable persons who merely register domain names similar to other trademarked names, whether or not they actually set up a site and used the name. The courts have recognized that companies may have legitimate reasons for registering domain names without using them and have declined to find trademark violations for mere registration of a trademarked name. For example, a company planning to acquire another company might register a domain name containing the target company's name in anticipation of the deal. The original bill would have made that company liable for trademark infringement.  For these and other reasons, Professor Litman concluded that, as introduced, the ``bill would in many ways be bad for electronic commerce, by making it hazardous to do business on the Internet without first retaining trademark counsel.'' Faced with the risk of criminal penalties, she stated that ``many start-up businesses may choose to abandon their goodwill and move to another Internet location, or even to fold, rather than risk liability.''  The Hatch-Leahy Domain Name Piracy Prevention Act and substitute amendment to S. 1255 are a better solution.--S. 1461, the ``Domain Name Piracy Prevention Act,'' which Senators Hatch and I, and others, introduced and which provides the text of the substitute amendment to S. 1255, addresses the cybersquatting problem without jeopardizing other important online rights and interests. Along with the Hatch-Leahy clarifying amendment we consider today, this legislation would amend section 43 of the Trademark Act (15 U.S.C. Sec.  11125) by adding a new section to make liable for actual or statutory damages any person, who with bad-faith intent to profit from the goodwill of another's trademark, without regard to the goods or services of the parties, registers, traffics in or uses a domain name that is identical or confusingly similar to a distinctive trademark or dilutive of a famous trademark. The fact that the domain name registrant did not compete with the trademark owner would not be a bar to recovery.  Uses of infringing domain names that support liability under the legislation are expressly limited to uses by the domain name registrant or the registrant's authorized licensee. This limitation makes clear that ``uses'' of domain names by persons other than the domain name registrant for purposes such as hypertext linking, directory publishing, or for search engines, are not covered by the prohibition.  Domain name piracy is a real problem. Whitehouse.com has probably gotten more traffic from people trying to find copies of the President's speeches than those interested in adult material. As I have noted, the issue has struck home for many in this body, with aspiring cyber-poachers seizing domain names like bush2000.org and trying to extort political candidates for their use.  While the problem is clear, narrowly defining the solution is trickier. The mere presence of a trademark is not enough. Legitimate conflicts may arise between companies offering different services or products under the same trademarked name, such as Juno lighting inc. and Juno online services over the juno.com domain name, or between companies and individuals who register a name or nickname as a domain name, such as the young boy nicknamed ``pokey'' whose domain name ``pokey.org'' was challenged by the toy manufacturer who owns the rights to the Gumby and Pokey toys. In other cases, you may have a site which uses a trademarked name to protest a group, company or issue, such as pepsibloodbath.com, or even to defend one's reputation, such as www.civil-action.com, which belongs not to the motion picture studio, but to W.R. Grace to rebut the unflattering portrait of the company as a polluter and child poisoner created by the movie.  There is a world of difference between these sorts of sites and those which use deceptive naming practices to draw attention to their site (e.g., whitehouse.com), or those who use domain names to misrepresent the goods or services they offer (e.g., dellmemory.com, which may be confused with the Dell computer company).  We must also recognize certain technological realities. For example, merely mentioning a trademark is not a problem. Posting a speech that mentions AOL on my web page and calling the page aol.html, confuses no one between my page and America Online's site. Likewise, we must recognize that while the Web is a key part of the Internet, it is not the only part. We simply do not want to pass legislation that may impose liability on Internet users with e-mail addresses, which may contain a trademarked name. Nor do we want to crack down on newsgroups that use trademarks descriptively, such as alt.comics.batman.  In short, it is important that we distinguish between the legitimate and illegitimate use of domain names, and this legislation does just that. Significant sections of this legislation include:  Definition.--Domain names are narrowly defined to mean alphanumeric designations registered with or assigned by domain name registrars or registries, or other domain name registration authority as part of an electronic address on the Internet. Since registrars only register second level domain names, this definition effectively excludes file names, screen names, and e-mail addresses and, under current registration practice, applies only to second level domain names.  Scienter Requirement.--Good faith, innocent or negligent uses of a domain name that is identical or confusingly similar to another's mark or dilutive of a famous mark are not covered by the legislation's prohibition. Thus, registering a domain name while unaware that the name is another's trademark would not be actionable. Nor would the use of a domain name that contains a trademark for purposes of protest, complaint, parody or commentary satisfy the requisite scienter requirement. Bad-faith intent to profit is required for a violation to occur. This requirement of bad-faith intent to profit is critical since, as Professor Litman pointed out in her testimony, our trademark laws permit multiple businesses to register the same trademark for different classes of products. Thus, she explains:     [a]lthough courts have been quick to impose liability for bad      faith registration, they have been far more cautious in      disputes involving a domain name registrant who has a      legitimate claim to use a domain name and registered it in      good faith. In a number of cases, courts have refused to      impose liability where there is no significant likelihood      that anyone will be misled, even if there is a significant      possibility of trademark dilution.  The legislation outlines the following non-exclusive list of eight factors for courts to consider in determining whether such bad-faith intent to profit is proven: (i) the trademark rights of the domain name registrant in the domain name; (ii) whether the domain name is the legal name or nickname of the registrant; (iii) the prior use by the registrant of the domain name in connection with the bona fide offering of any goods or services; (iv) the registrant's legitimate noncommercial or fair use of the mark at the site under the domain name; (v) the registrant's intent to divert consumers from the mark's owner's online location in a manner that could harm the mark'sgoodwill, either for commercial gain or with the intent to tarnish or disparage the mark, by creating a likelihood of confusion as to the source, sponsorship, affiliation or endorsement of the site; (vi) the registrant's offer to sell the domain name for substantial consideration without having or having an intent to use the domain name in the bona fide offering of goods or services; (vii) the registrant's intentional provision of material false and misleading contact information when applying for the registration of the domain name; and (viii) the registrant's registration of multiple domain names that are identical or similar to or dilutive of another's trademark.  Damages.--In civil actions against cybersquatters, the plaintiff is authorized to recover actual damages and profits, or may elect before final judgment to award of statutory damages of not less than $1,000 and not more than $100,000 per domain name, as the court considers just. The court is directed to remit statutory damages in any case where the infringer reasonably believed that use of the domain name was a fair or otherwise lawful use.  In Rem Actions.--The bill would also permit an in rem civil action filed by a trademark owner in circumstances where the domain name violates the owner's rights in the trademark and the court finds that the owner demonstrated due diligence and was not able to find the domain name holder to bring an in personam civil action. The remedies of an in rem action are limited to a court order for forfeiture or cancellation of the domain name or the transfer of the domain name to the trademark owner.  Liability Limitations.--The bill would limit the liability for monetary damages of domain name registrars, registries or other domain name registration authorities for any action they take to refuse to register, remove from registration, transfer, temporarily disable or permanently cancel a domain name pursuant to a court order or in the implementation of reasonable policies prohibiting the registration of domain names that are identical or confusingly similar to another's trademark, or dilutive of a famous trademark.  Prevention of Reverse Domain Name Hijacking.--Reverse domain name hijacking is an effort by a trademark owner to take a domain name from a legitimate good faith domain name registrant. There have been some well-publicized cases of trademark owners demanding the take down of certain web sites set up by parents who have registered their children's names in the .org domain, such as two year old Veronica Sams's ``Little Veronica'' website and 12 year old Chris ``Pokey'' Van Allen's web page.  In order to protect the rights of domain name registrants in their domain names the legislation provides that registrants may recover damages, including costs and attorney's fees, incurred as a result of a knowing and material misrepresentation by a person that a domain name is identical or similar to, or dilutive of, a trademark.  In addition, a domain name registrant, whose domain name has been suspended, disabled or transferred, may sue upon notice to the mark owner, to establish that the registration or use of the domain name by the registrant is lawful. The court in such a suit is authorized to grant injunctive relief, including the reactivation of a domain name or the transfer or return of a domain name to the domain name registrant.  Cybersquatting is an important issue both for trademark holders and for the future of electronic commerce on the Internet. Any legislative solution to cybersquatting must tread carefully to ensure that authorized remedies do not impede or stifle the free flow of information on the Internet. In many ways, the United States has been the incubator of the World Wide Web, and the world closely watches whenever we venture into laws, customs or standards that affect the Internet. We must only do so with great care and caution. Fair use principles are just as critical in cyberspace as in any other intellectual property arena. I am pleased that Chairman Hatch and I, along with Senators Abraham, Torricelli, and Kohl have worked together to find a legislative solution that respects these considerations.  