 million. I commend Senators Hatch and Sessions and Biden for this. It shows that our efforts over the last 2 years really have made a difference. Let us put this in context.  The rest of the bill also allocates over $330 million for law enforcement, $75 million for juvenile criminal history records, $20 million for gang fighting, and $50 million for prosecutors. In context, that is a total of $482.5 million for law enforcement compared to $112.5 million for primary prevention. S. 254 also provides $400 million for intervention programs after juveniles come into contact with the juvenile or criminal justice system. It is intervention money, not primary prevention money. It is important money, but it is not directed to primary prevention.  There is $50 million in the prosecutors grant fund. That is a proposal that was accepted in 1997 by the Judiciary Committee. My only concern is the money goes only to prosecutors, not to anyone else in the juvenile system. It doesn't go to counselors. It doesn't go to public defenders. It doesn't go to corrections officers. It doesn't go to juvenile judges. We have to examine closely the effects of this new prosecutors grant.  I want to make sure it doesn't exacerbate overcrowding in the juvenile system and the system does not break down; I pledge to now work with the Senator from Utah to see if there is a possibility of balancing the system in a fair way.  Overall, Mr. President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Utah, as I said, and the distinguished Senator from Alabama, the distinguished Senator from Delaware for adding the things we have requested for a couple years. I did want to point out, however, as I said earlier, anybody who has ever been in law enforcement will always tell you, if you can prevent the crime from happening, you are a lot better off in what you do after it happens. I wish there was more money for prevention. Money for law enforcement is well spent. I wish there was more money for prevention.  Mr. President, I retain the remainder of my time.  