President, to bring Senators up to date on where we are, the distinguished Senator from New Jersey, Mr. Torricelli, and I have been working with the distinguished Senators from Iowa and Utah, Messrs. Grassley and Hatch, to clear as many amendments as we can agree to. Senators Grassley, Hatch, Torricelli, and I have been able to get a number of these agreed to. We have more than 10 amendments we are ready to accept to show we are making progress on this bill.  For the benefit of Senators, I will briefly describe these amendments we are prepared to accept. We are prepared to accept the Feingold amendment No. 2745, an amendment to improve the bill by prohibiting retroactive assessments of disposable income. It ensures that farmers forced into bankruptcy can continue to carry on their farming operations without retroactive assessments against their disposable income.  We are prepared to accept Robb amendment No. 1723 which improves the bill by clarifying the trustees shall return any payments not previously paid and not yet due and owing to lessors and purchase money secured creditors if a plan is not confirmed.  We are prepared to accept Grassley amendment No. 1731, a bipartisan amendment improving the bill by giving bankruptcy judges the discretion to waive the $175 filing fee for chapter 7 cases for debtors whose annual income is less than 125 percent of the poverty level. Bankruptcy is the only civil proceeding where in forma pauperis filing status is not permitted. This amendment corrects that anomaly. The Grassley amendment is cosponsored by Senators Torricelli, Specter, Feingold, and Biden.  Feingold amendment No. 2743 improves the bill by striking the requirement that debtor's attorneys must pay a trustee's attorney fees if the debtor is not substantially justified in filing for chapter 7. The current requirement that debtor's attorney must pay a trustee attorney's fee often causes a chilling effect of discouraging eligible debtors from filing chapter 7 for fear of paying future fees. Senator Specter is a sponsor of this amendment.  We have Hatch amendment No. 1714 improving the bill by adding procedures for the prosecution of materially fraudulent claims in bankruptcy schedules.  Hatch amendment No. 1715 improves the bill by dismissing bankruptcy cases if the debtor commits a crime of violence or a drug trafficking crime.  The Kerry amendment No. 1725 modifies the deadlines for small business bankruptcy filings. Small businesses need the reasonable time limits of this amendment to reorganize their business.  We have the Collins amendment No. 1726, a bipartisan amendment improving the bill by providing bankruptcy rules for family fishermen. The amendment is cosponsored by Senators Kerry of Massachusetts, Murray, Stevens, and Kennedy.  Johnson amendment No. 2654 improves the bill by paying chapter 7 trustees if a case is dismissed or diverted under the bill's means test.  The DeWine amendment No. 1727 improves the bill by clarifying that a debt from a qualified education loan under the Internal Revenue Service Code is nondischargable.  Grassley amendment No. 2514 improves the bill by clarifying a special tax assessment on real property secured debts under bankruptcy laws. Many municipal governments, particularly in California, depend on these real estate taxes or assessments for revenues. The distinguished Senator from California, Mrs. Feinstein, is a cosponsor of this amendment.  Senators had been coming to the floor Friday and Monday to offer amendments. Even though we had only half a day of debate yesterday, Senators from both sides of the aisle offered amendments to improve the bill.  So I urge Senators to continue to do that. We could accept a vote or otherwise dispose of the Democratic and Republican amendments. I have discussed this with the distinguished Senator from Iowa. Both of us would like, if at all possible, to whittle down the number and be able to tell our colleagues at what point we are apt to finish the bill. We have been working. I don't think we have even had quorum calls.  I yield the floor.  