President, I am pleased to join Senator Hutchison and Senator Graham and a bipartisan group of my colleagues to introduce legislation to prohibit the Federal government from recouping any part of the multi-state settlement between the tobacco industry and the State Attorneys General.  To the surprise of many state officials, the Health Care Financing Administration has threatened to seek reimbursement for its share of Medicaid costs for treating tobacco-related diseases from the multi-state tobacco settlement. In other words, the Federal government may want to take more than half of the total multi-state settlement based on the federal share of Medicaid, which is approximately 60 percent of total Medicaid costs.  For my home State of Vermont, that means the Federal government may try to take more than $15 million annually out of Vermont's share of the settlement. Vermont Attorney General William Sorrell settled with the tobacco industry for more than $800 million to be distributed over the next 25 years. But now the Federal government may seek more than $400 million of Vermont's tobacco settlement for its own use.  Washington State Attorney General Christine Gregoire, one of the lead attorneys generals in the settlement negotiations with the tobacco industry, recently stated: ``These lawsuits were brought by the States based on violations by the industry of state laws. The settlement was won by the states without any assistance from Congress or the Administration. As far as we are concerned the States did all the work and are entitled to every dollar of their allocated share to invest in the future health care of their citizens.'' I could not agree more with General Gregoire.  The States, not the Federal government, deserve the full amount of their settlements because the States and their Attorneys General took the risks in bringing the novel lawsuits against Big Tobacco. Without the willingness of the State Attorneys General acting on behalf of the citizens of their states and taking significant financial and professional risks and pursuing these matters so diligently, we would not have any legal settlements by the tobacco industry. These State Attorneys General deserve our gratitude and our respect for their extraordinary efforts. I commend them all for their diligence on behalf of the public.  When tobacco companies were fighting any and all lawsuits against them, the State Attorneys General pursued their legal challenges against great odds. Men and women whose lives were cut short by cancer and other adverse health consequences from tobacco deserved better treatment than the years of obstruction and denial by the tobacco industry. Only now as the internal documents are being disclosed and the legal tide is beginning to turn have tobacco companies decided to change their strategy and pursue settlements. The tobacco industry did not agreed to these settlements out of some new found sense of public duty. The truth is that giant tobacco corporations came to the bargaining table only after they realized that they might lose in court.  In my home state, General Sorrell took the financial and legal risks in bringing suit against the tobacco industry on behalf of the people of Vermont. General Sorrell and his legal team put together a powerful case in support of the public health of all Vermonters. General Sorrell did this without any assistance from the Federal government. As a result, the people of Vermont deserve the full amount of their tobacco settlement.  If the Federal government wants to recover its costs for tobacco-related diseases, the appropriate avenue to do that is a Federal lawsuit. Indeed, President Clinton announced during the recent State Of The Union address that the Department of Justice is planning litigation against the tobacco industry. I applaud the President and Attorney General Reno for pursuing legal action against the tobacco industry so that the Federal government may recoup its costs for tobacco-related diseases. That is the proper approach for the Federal government.  The multi-state tobacco settlement provides an historic opportunity to improve the public health in Vermont and across the nation. I believe that the States, not the Federal government, are in the best position to determine their public health needs. Our bipartisan bill grants the States that flexibility by permitting each state to use its settlement payments in whatever way that state deems best.  That is why the National Governors Association, National Association of Attorneys General, National Conference of State Legislatures, National Association of Counties, National League of Cities, and U.S. Conference of Mayors support our bipartisan legislation. In my home state, our bipartisan bill is supported by Governor Dean, Attorney General Sorrell, the Vermont Health Access Oversight Committee, and the Vermont Association of Hospitals and Health Systems.  I want Governor Dean and the Vermont legislature to have the flexibility to use Vermont's settlement funds in whatever way they deem is best for the public health of Vermonters. It is only fair for the other 49 Governors and state legislatures to have that same flexibility to use their settlement funds in whatever way they deem is best for their citizens.  In the final analysis, I trust the people of Vermont and the other 49 States to determine how best to use their tobacco settlement funds. I look forward to working with my colleagues as Congress moves forward on legislation to ensure that the interests of Vermont and the other States are protected in the multi-state tobacco settlement.  