President, in 1981 the Convention on Conventional Weapons (CCW) came into force. The United States was instrumental in drafting that Convention, including Protocol II which imposed modest limits on the use of landmines. The United States signed the CCW, but another 15 years elapsed before President Clinton forwarded it to the Senate for its advice and consent. The U.S. finally ratified it in 1995.  Protocol II, commonly known as the Mines Protocol, was, during those years, the only international agreement which explicitly dealt with the use of landmines, and it was routinely ignored--not by the United States military, but by many other countries. And throughout that period the United States and other mine producers sold and gave away tens of millions of mines to other governments and rebel groups who used them against civilian populations. Our mines can be found today, and we are paying millions of dollars annually to help remove them and assist the victims, in some thirty countries.  By the early 1990's, it was widely recognized that the Mines Protocol had utterly failed to protect civilians from landmines. In fact, during the previous decade, the number of civilian casualties from mines skyrocketed.  There were many reasons for the failure of the Mines Protocol, but certainly among them was that it was riddled with loopholes, and that its rules were difficult to verify and impossible to enforce.  In 1992, convinced that far stronger leadership was needed to solve the mine problem, I sponsored legislation to halt United States exports of anti-personnel mines. I did so because I felt it was wrong for the United States to contribute to the carnage caused by mines, and I believed that little would change unless the United States, by setting an example, encouraged others to act. And that is what happened. In a matter of two or three years, close to fifty governments stopped exporting mines. Today, there is a de facto global export ban in effect. Even governmentsthat produce mines and have refused to renounce their use, including Russia and China, have publicly said that they no longer export.  At the same time that I was sponsoring legislation in Congress, I was also aware that ten years had elapsed since the Mines Protocol had come into force and that any party could request the United Nations to sponsor a CCW review conference. I saw this as an opportunity to strengthen the Protocol and to consider banning anti-personnel mines altogether. Since the U.S. was not a party, I and others urged the French Government to request the conference. By the time the review conference opened in late 1995, the United States had ratified the CCW and was able to participate fully in the negotiations.  The negotiations were difficult. Despite efforts by myself, some governments, and non-governmental organizations to promote a total ban, the idea was hardly discussed. Instead, the basic premise of the original Protocol remained unchanged--that mines are legitimate weapons of war. To its credit, the Clinton Administration made some constructive proposals dealing with, for example, the detectability of mines, and the Amended Protocol reflects some of those proposals. It requires all anti-personnel mines to contain enough iron to be detectable, and to either contain self-destruct/self-deactivation devices or be placed in marked and monitored minefields. It applies to internal conflicts, and also contains limits on certain transfers of anti-personnel mines.  These are notable improvements, but the negotiators again failed to include effective verification or enforcement provisions. They also refused to include a U.S. proposal to apply the prohibition on non-detectable mines to anti-vehicle mines.  Despite these significant flaws, I supported the Amended Protocol and encouraged the Administration to forward it to the Senate for its advice and consent. Indeed, I suspect that had I not sponsored the first law anywhere to halt exports of anti-personnel mines, or urged the French Government to request a review conference, there would not be an Amended Protocol.  Last year, after the Foreign Relations Committee reported what I and others regarded as a fatally flawed Resolution of Ratification, I refused to consent to its adoption by unanimous consent. At that time I made clear that the issue was not the Amended Protocol itself, but a Resolution and Committee Report that contained language that was extraneous, inaccurate, and provocative.  Today we are again asked to give our consent, and this time I have, with some reluctance, agreed. I say with some reluctance, because if this Resolution and the accompanying Committee Report dealt only with the Amended Protocol there would be no disagreement. In fact, we could have adopted it six months ago. But while the Resolution and Report are far preferable to the versions we were presented last year, they also contain language that has nothing whatsoever to do with the Amended Protocol. That is because, Mr. President, a few members of the Foreign Relations Committee have tried to use this Resolution as a vehicle to attack the Ottawa Convention, governments and individuals like myself who support that Convention, and current United States policy.  After reaching a stalemate last year, Senator  Biden and I worked with Senator Helms to resolve our differences. While there is still language in the Resolution which is extraneous and I disagree with, and in the report which is extraneous, factually inaccurate and objectionable, it has been pared down substantially. For that I thank Senator Biden and Senator Helms and their staffs. They worked diligently to reach a result which, while not perfect, each of us can live with.  One of the reasons that I am consenting to this resolution is that the objectionable report language reflects the views of only some members of the Committee. In fact, much of it deals with issues which were never considered or debated by the Committee as a whole. Rather, it is based on the testimony of a handful of like-minded witnesses at a hearing that was attended by Senator Helms and only one other Member of the Committee, who was a cosponsor of my legislation to ban United States use of anti-personnel mines except in Korea.  In other words, to the extent that the Helms Report purports to lay down markers for future landmine policy, it is neither binding nor representative of the views of the Committee as a whole, and even less so of the United States Senate.  While there is no need to address every objectionable phrase in the Report, two issues require a response.  First, the Report states that it is the view of many members of the Committee that the United States should not agree to any prohibition on the use, production, stockpiling or transfer of short-duration anti-personnel mines. Yet the Committee never debated this issue and the views of its members, with the exception of Senator Helms, were never publicly expressed. Furthermore, and most important, some 135 countries have signed the Ottawa Convention which bans the production, use, transfer and stockpiling of anti-personnel mines, and 77 have ratified. They include every member of NATO except the United States and Turkey, and every Western Hemisphere country except the United States and Cuba. They also include many countries that have produced, used and exported mines in the past.  To suggest that the United States should remain outside the Convention that is widely and increasingly seen as establishing a new international norm outlawing anti-personnel mines, is inconsistent with United States policy and the interests of the United States. The Administration, including the Pentagon, has stated repeatedly and unequivocally that it will sign the Ottawa Convention when it has suitable alternatives to these weapons, and that it is aggressively searching for such alternatives.  Moreover, 67 members of the Senate voted for my amendment to halt U.S. use of anti-personnel mines, for one year. And 60 Senators, both Republicans and Democrats, including every Senator who fought in combat, cosponsored legislation introduced by myself and Senator Hagel to ban U.S. use of anti-personnel mines except in Korea.  Second, the Report notes that the Administration hopes to negotiate a ban on exports of anti-personnel mines in the U.N. Conference on Disarmament. I believe such a strategy is fraught with problems. It is relevant here only insofar as the Helms Report states that many members of the Committee believes that in future negotiations on an export ban the Administration should differentiate between short and long-duration mines.  Perhaps those members are unaware that five years ago the United States and Britain proposed such an ``export control regime.'' It was rejected out of hand not only by many of our NATO allies, but by developing countries who already had stockpiled millions of long-duration mines and saw the U.S./UK proposal as an attempt to market their higher tech, higher priced mines. Any attempt by the United States to resurrect that failed approach would only further damage U.S. credibility on the mine issue.  I would also refer members to the Minority views in the Report, which ably address this issue. Finally, it is notable that Senator Helms voted twice for my amendment to halt exports of antipersonnel mines, as did the then Majority Leader Robert Dole. Those amendments passed overwhelmingly, and did not differentiate between short and long-duration mines.  Mr. President, the Amended Mines Protocol is a step forward. If adhered to it will help reduce the maiming and killing of civilians, and United States soldiers, by landmines. If its prohibition on non-detectable mines is applied to anti-vehicle mines, as the United States has proposed, that would be a significant advance.  But like its predecessor, the Amended Protocol has too many loopholes and can be easily violated. It is a far cry from what is needed to achieve the goal declared by President Clinton and adopted by the U.N. General Assembly of ridding the world of anti-personnel mines. I believe that can only occur--as was done with poison gas and as the Ottawa Convention would do--by stigmatizing these indiscriminate weapons. That will take far stronger United States leadership than we have seen thus far.  