President, today, the Department of Justice is releasing a report on the success of the National Instant Criminal Background Check System in keeping guns out of the hands of criminals. In its first seven months of operation, national background checks have stopped 100,000 felons, fugitives and other prohibited persons from getting guns from licensed firearms dealers.  Unfortunately, it doesn't extend to all of the people who sell guns.  There is a major gun show loophole. Congress has been unwilling to close that because of the opposition of the gun lobby, even though, incidentally, we passed a measure that did close that loophole several months ago in the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill. Even though we closed it, we have yet to move forward on the juvenile justice conference report. It had been hoped and I think the American people hoped that we would complete the juvenile justice bill prior to school opening.  I am hoping that we can complete it prior to Christmas vacation for schools, at the rate we have been going.  I talked to a lot of gun dealers at home who say they have to obey the law, they have to fill out the forms, they have to report whether somebody tries to buy a gun illegally, and they ask why they have to compete with those who can take their station wagon to a weekend flea market and sell guns out of the back of it.  This report is more concrete evidence that Congress should extend background checks to the sales of all firearms.  I want to commend the nation's mayors and police chiefs for coming to Washington today to demand action on the juvenile justice conference.  I hope the leadership in the Senate and the House will listen to what they said. I hope the majority will hear the call of our country's local officials and law enforcement officers to act now to pass a strong and effective juvenile justice conference report.  I am one of the conferees on the juvenile justice bill. I am ready to work with Republicans and Democrats to pass a strong and effective juvenile justice conference report. I suspect most Americans, Republicans or Democrats, would like to see that. So far we have only had one meeting to resolve our differences. Even though we passed the Hatch-Leahy bill months ago, we have had only one conference meeting. In fact, that one meeting was 24 hours before we recessed for the August recess, almost guaranteeing there would be no more meetings.  We haven't concluded our work. The fact is school started without Congress finishing its work, and I think that is wrong. We have overcome technical obstacles, we have overcome threatened filibusters, but now we find that everybody talks about how we should improve the juvenile justice system and everybody decries the easy availability of guns, but nobody wants to do anything about it.  We spent 2 weeks, as I said, on the floor in May. We considered almost 50 amendments to the Senate juvenile justice bill. We made many improvements on the bill. We passed it by a huge bipartisan majority. Now I am beginning to wonder whether we were able to pass it because there was a private agreement that the bill would go nowhere.  We need to do more to keep guns out of the hands of children who do not know how to use them or plan to use them to hurt others. Law enforcement officers in this country need our help.  I am concerned that we are going to lose the opportunity for a well-balanced juvenile justice bill--one that has strong support from the police, from the juvenile justice authorities, from those in the prevention community at all levels. We are going to lose this opportunity because one lobby is afraid there might be something in there they disagree with.  I come from a State that has virtually no gun laws. I also come from a State that because of its nature that has extremely little crime. But I am asked by Vermonters every day when I am home, they say: Why has this bill been delayed? Aren't you willing to stand up to a powerful lobby? My answer so far has been, no; the Congress has not.  Due to the delays in convening this conference and then its abrupt adjournment before completing its work, we knew before our August recess that the programs to enhance school safety and protect our children and families called for in this legislation would not be in place before school began.  The fact that American children are starting school without Congress finishing its work on this legislation is wrong.  We had to overcome technical obstacles and threatened filibusters to begin the juvenile justice conference. It is no secret that there are those in both bodies who would prefer no action and no conference to moving forward on the issues of juvenile violence and crime. Now that we have convened this conference, we should waste no more time to get down to business and finish our work promptly.  Those of us serving on the conference and many who are not on the conference have worked on versions of this legislation for several years now. We spent two weeks on the Senate floor in May considering almost 50 amendments to S. 254, the Senate juvenile justice bill, and making many improvements to the underlying bill. We worked hard in the Senate for a strong bipartisan juvenile justice bill, and we should take this opportunity to cut through our remaining partisan differences to make a difference in the lives of our children and families.  I appreciate that one of the most contentious issues in this conference is guns, even though sensible gun control proposals are just a small part of the comprehensive legislation we are considering. The question that the majority in Congress must answer is what are they willing to do to protect children from gun violence?  A report released two months ago on juvenile violence by the Justice Department concludes that, ``data . . . indicate that guns play a major role in juvenile violence.'' We need to do more to keep guns out of the hands of children who do not know how to use them or plan to use them to hurt others.  Law enforcement officers in this country need help in keeping guns out of the hands of people who should not have them. I am not talking about people who use guns for hunting or for sport, but about criminals and unsupervised children.  An editorial that appeared yesterday in the Rutland Daily Herald summed up the dilemma in this juvenile justice conference for the majority:  ``Republicans in Congress have tried to follow the line of the National Rifle Association. It will be interesting to see if they can hold that line when the Nation's crime fighters let them know that fighting crime also means fighting guns.''  Every parent, teacher and student in this country was concerned this summer about school violence over the last two years and worried about when the next shooting may occur.  They only hope it does not happen at their school or involve their children. This is an unacceptable and intolerable situation.  We all recognize that there is no single cause and no single legislative solution that will cure the ill of youth violence in our schools or in our streets. But we have an opportunity before us to do our part. We should seize this opportunity to act on balanced, effective juvenile justice legislation, and measures to keep guns out of the hands of children and away from criminals.  I hope we get to work soon and finish what we started in the juvenile justice conference. We are already tardy.  