We have not talked here about the costs of this bill. But according to the Congressional Budget Office--and this is what everybody watching who is interested in this debate ought to stop and ask themselves: Is this an improvement in our bankruptcy laws or are the taxpayers going to pay for it?  According to the Congressional Budget Office, the bill reported by the Judiciary Committee will cost hundreds of millions of dollars. The cost to the Federal Government, estimated by CBO, is at least $218 million over the next 5 years.  Much of the cost will be borne by our bankruptcy and Federal courts without any provision to assist them in fulfilling the mandates of this bill. Dockets are already overcrowded in our bankruptcy courts. We are not providing new judges. We are now suddenly telling those bankruptcy judges and Federal judges to carry an even heavier burden, but we will not give them additional resources. As a practical matter, somebody is going to have to pay. We are going to have to pay because the courts will get so clogged, the reaction will be to improve that, and we will have to pay for that.  We have to ask, who are the principal beneficiaries? Right now, they are the companies that make up the credit industry. I searched high and low in the bill for the provisions by which these companies are asked to pay for these mandates that benefit them or even contribute to the costs and burdens of the bill, a bill that they support. Ifthey are getting these huge benefits, are they required to pay anything for them? They are not. I can find no provisions by which credit card companies and others who expect to receive a multibillion-dollar windfall from this bill will have to pay the added costs of this measure.  Investing a couple hundred million of taxpayers' money to make several billion dollars for the credit card industry might seem to be a good business investment but not if the taxpayers have to pick up the bill to hand over a multibillion-dollar benefit to the credit card companies.  In addition to these costs to the Federal Government, there are the additional mandates imposed on the private sector. We keep saying how we want to keep Government off the back of the private sector. In fact, CBO estimates the private sector mandates imposed by just two sections of the bill will result in annual increased costs of between $280 million and $940 million a year. Are we willing to tell the private sector that with this bill we are, in effect, putting a tax on them of $280 million to $940 million a year, which over 5 years will amount to between $1.4 billion and $4.7 billion to be borne by the private sector? If we vote for this bill, are we going to tell them we just gave that kind of a tax increase to them?  The CBO estimate explains these costs are likely to be borne by the bankruptcy debtors, thereby ``reducing the pool of funds available to creditors.'' You pay at the beginning or you pay in the end, but you are going to pay.  So all in all, this amounts to a bill of an estimated cost over 5 years of $5 billion to be borne by taxpayers and debtors so the credit industry can pocket another $5 billion. Not a bad day's work by the credit industry lobbyists but not a good result for the American people. They are going to be happy if they get the American taxpayers to give them $5 billion just like that. They ought to be awfully happy.  I asked last Friday that those who are proposing this bill to come forward and answer the simple question I posed then: What language in the bill guarantees that any savings from this bill will be passed on to consumers? I continue to ask whether credit card interest rates will be reduced by any savings created by this bill. Certainly the 25- to 26- and 27-percent interest rates ought to be reduced. I continue to ask whether credit fees will be reduced by any savings generated by provisions of this bill. I continue to ask how the $400 per American family the proponents of the bill estimate will be saved by provisions of this bill are going to get to these families. Everybody says we are saving money for the American families. So far all I see is a $5 billion transfer from those American families to the credit card industry.  I haven't heard or seen any answers to those basic questions. I think those who say this is going to benefit the American public ought to be more specific. CBO doesn't see it that way. They see a great transfer from the American public to one industry. For all that I can see, any savings generated by this bill will be gobbled up in windfall profits for the credit industry, without any guarantee of benefits for working people, and with a $1 billion per year out-of-pocket cost to taxpayers and those in the bankruptcy system.  Mr. President, I understand time will now go back on the amendment. I think we had a unanimous consent request at this point that when we went back on the bill, the Senator from Minnesota was going to be recognized.  I yield the floor.  