President, I rise to join my colleagues today in opposition to the Fiscal Year 2000 Agriculture Appropriations Conference bill. Usually, it's a testimony to someone's power when they can ``kill two birds with one stone.'' Well, amazingly the managers of this bill were able to kill three birds with one stone - - the Northeast Dairy Compact, drought relief and agricultural sanctions.  Unfortunately, the impact felt by small farmers in the Northeast will be meteoric. I have heard from many of my colleagues about the price drops their farmers have experienced this year. Well, dairy farmers witnessed a 40 percent price drop in one month. If it was not for the Northeast Dairy Compact, this drop could have crushed Vermont dairy farmers.  They have also suffered through one of the worst droughts this century. And how does this Conference bill respond? It doesn't.  Instead, the Conference Committee blocked Senator Specter from even raising his amendment to extend the Northeast Dairy Compact and denied any targeted disaster relief for farmers in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic who suffered through fifteen months of drought.  However, we are yet again sending disaster payments and price supports to the Midwest and Southeast. I guess the Conference committee decided to ignore the old adage that you should not hit someone when they are down. Why not continue to prop up grain prices so that when Vermont farmers have lost all their livestock feed to the drought they can pay even more for feed from other states?  When we passed the Freedom to Farm bill, one of the premises its success was based on was that farmers would also have the freedom to market. By expanding our markets overseas, our farmers would not have to depend on subsidies from the federal government. Yet, after the Senate overwhelmingly passed an amendment to update our sanctions policy and allow our farmers access to more markets, the Conference committee decided to continue with the old system of guaranteeing farmers the price they want through artificial means and expect taxpayers to go along with it.  Now, I am sure that many of these crops did suffer significant price or market losses and may deserve assistance. But, farmers in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic are just as worthy. In Vermont alone, we have witnessed over $40 million in drought damage. Without some assistance many of our farmers are not going to make it through the winter. In the last two years they have suffered through an ice storm, flooding, and two summers of drought.  What is so galling to me is that although Congress authorized $10.6 billion in disaster payments in Fiscal Year 1999, the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic have only received 2.5 percent of that assistance. Today, we will likely pass $8.7 billion in disaster assistance and our farmers will probably only receive 2 cents out of every dollar.  Adding salt to our wounds, the Conference Committee also saw fit to block any extension of the Northeast Dairy Compact. Our region developed and implemented a system to help our dairy farmers at no cost to the federal government.  I cannot understand how it made sense to the Conferees to stop a program that is supported by farmers and consumers alike because it does not increase retail price and does not cost the taxpayers money while continuing programs that do cost the taxpayers money. In fact, retail milk prices within the Compact region are lower on average than in the rest of the nation.  I could go on for hours about the ironies contained in this Conference bill. Although I am tempted to run through the virtues of Vermont dairy products like my colleague from Wisconsin did last week, I will let the ``Best Cheddar'' award won by Vermont's Cabot Creamery at the U.S. Championship Cheese Contest in Green Bay, Wisconsin speak for itself.  However, I do want to take just a few more minutes to reiterate the importance of the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact. Thanks to the Northeast Compact, the number of farmers going out of business has declined throughout New England--for the first time in many years.  If you are a proponent of states' rights, regional dairy compacts are the answer. Compacts are state-initiated, state-ratified and state-supported programs that assure a safe supply of milk for consumers. Half the Governors in the nation and half the state legislatures asked Congress to allow their states to set their own dairy policies--within federally mandated limits--through compacts.  When it was clear that federal policies were not working to keep dairy farmers in business, states took the matter into their own hands to insure that dairy farmers stay in business and to assure consumers fresh, local supplies of milk. It saddens me that Congress is now standing in their way.  The Northeast Compact has done exactly what it was established to do: stabilize fluctuating dairy prices, insure a fair price for dairy farmers, keep them in business, and protect consumers' supplies of fresh milk. Many of our friends in the South saw how the Compact provided a modest but crucial safety net for struggling farmers. They, too, want the same for their farmers, and their farmers deserve that same opportunity.  Unfortunately, opponents of dairy compacts--large and wealthy milk manufacturers, represented by groups such as the International Dairy Foods Association--have thrown millions of dollars into an all-out campaign to stop compacts. These processor groups are opposed to dairy compacts simply because they want milk as cheap as they can get it to boost their enormous profits to record levels, regardless of the impact on farmers.  Mr. President, it is time for Congress to go back to worrying about small farmers in this country. That is why this Conference bill is such a disappointment to so many of us. The triple whammy of blocking the Northeast Dairy Compact, providing no drought relief and closing the door to new markets will jeopardize the future of small farmers in my region.  These farmers do not usually come to Congress asking for help and they have rarely received it. Now, when they are facing one of their bleakest moments Congress has said ``no.'' I expected better.  