We may well not use it. I am trying to protect time for some who may want to come and speak.  It has been a week since the conference committee on foreign operations completed its work. The House tried, during that week, to muscle the votes to pass it, and yesterday they did, by a three-vote margin.  As stated by some of the leadership in the House, the bill is part of a grand Republican strategy to force the President to either except a large cut in funding for foreign policy or veto the bill and then be blamed for cutting Social Security to pay for foreign policy, even though everybody knows that is not going to happen. I think the American people are more savvy than that. They know that foreign policy is the key responsibility of the Federal Government. It has been ever since the days of Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin.  Today the world is far more complex, more dangerous, more independent than anybody could have assumed. They also know the President is not going to do anything to harm Social Security.  The House finally passed the conference report by three votes. The bill will pass here, with a third of the Senate voting against it. Then the President vetoes it. It is unfortunate we are here.  In that regard, let me say something about the distinguished senior Senator from Kentucky. I should warn him and alert him that I am going to praise him. That may bring about the Republican State committee initiating in Kentucky a recall petition, but that is the price of fame and glory.  The fact is, the distinguished senior Senator from Kentucky took an allocation, as chairman of this subcommittee, which by anybody's standards--his, mine or anybody else's--was too small. With that, he tried to fashion a bill that reflects the best interests of our country and the needs of our country and the great humanitarian nature of Americans.  He has done it extraordinarily well. He has bent over backward--I say this to all Democratic Members of the Senate as well as Republican Members--to accommodate the needs of Senators on both sides of the aisle. His chief of foreign policy, Robin Cleveland, and others have worked very closely with Senators on both sides of the aisle to try to accommodate all they could. Are there things not in here? Of course. You only have so much money.  There are things the Senator from Kentucky would like to increase in here, substantially. Without embarrassing him, I won't go down the list, but he could think of a number of areas. Are there things the Senator from Vermont would want to see increased? Of course, there are, substantial areas.  We have seen, for example, the situation we now have in New York City where, after an outbreak of encephalitis, there is now a feeling that this disease came over transported by a bird. It is now infecting birds and humans in New York. As birds migrate south, it will affect others. Where did the disease come from? A different continent. It demonstrates that every disease is only an airplane trip away.  We have money in here to approach that problem, working with a number of people, Dr. Nils Daulaire and others, to try to help countries identify diseases when they occur in their country, help them eradicate them there, help them contain them--both for the humanitarian effort of helping this country get rid of the disease, but also one that protects all the rest of the world so the disease doesn't spread. Could we use a lot more money? Yes, we could. Ironically, we will end up spending hundreds of times more in this country, if we don't do this, just to help protect our own people within our own borders, than the fraction of that amount we would spend to stop the disease from occurring in the first place. That is one example. AIDS, the greatest calamity to hit the world since World War II, does not have ample funds.  It has extra money in here. I complimented him and the distinguished Senator from Kentucky for helping get that money in. Both of us believe and both of us have said repeatedly that the money in here falls short of what is needed to protect our interests around the world.  For years, we urged the administration to fight harder for the foreign operations budget. Let me say this as a criticism of the administration of my own party: Too often, the administration has done too little, too late to build the support in Congress.  At the same time, the Congress has failed to allocate to our subcommittee the funds we need. This bill is $800 million below the 1999 level and $1.9 billion below the President's request, which, frankly, was not an unreasonable request. It is substantially less than this Congress was willing to give President Ronald Reagan for foreign aid. At a time when President Reagan was expressing concerns about foreign aid, he was still spending far more than we have in here, in a world much smaller than it is today.  It may surprise Senators to know that the President's fiscal year 2000 budget request for foreign operations, which he didn't get, is about the same as the amount we appropriated a decade ago. It is far less if you count inflation and far, far less if you count the amount we actually came up with.  We have a lot of interests around the globe. The United States, a nation of a quarter of a billion people, has the preeminent economy and military might in the world. But our economy and military might, by itself, does not protect our interests totally and does not enable us to continue our interests into the next century.  It is absurd that at the threshold of the 21st century, we continue to nickel and dime our foreign policy spending. We spend less than 1 percent of the Federal budget on foreign policy. Yet we are a worldwide power. Companies in my little State of Vermont are involved in international trade. We are, on a per capita basis, about third or fourth in the country in exporting outside our borders. With the Internet, any company in Vermont, or Kentucky, or Arkansas, or Illinois, or anywhere else, which does business on the Internet, if they are selling something, they are going to get inquiries from Sri Lanka, from Japan, from Germany, from the Middle East. We are a worldwide, interconnected economy.  We are also a nation that is called upon almost as a 911 source to help put out regional battles, fights, and so on, where democracy has not taken hold, and we will spend tens of billions, even hundreds of billions, of dollars to do that. But we won't spend a tiny fraction of that amount of money in our foreign policy budget to try to help democracy take place in the first place, so we don't have to call out the marines.  Unfortunately, the majority in Congress refuses to face up to that. We continue to underfund these programsand to underfund our diplomacy in the Commerce-Justice-State appropriations bill.  It is an isolationist, shortsighted approach that weakens our security, puts undue burdens on our Armed Forces, and does damage to future generations of Americans. We still have Members of Congress who call this foreign aid, and they even brag about cutting foreign aid. These are the same Members of Congress who say, ``I will never leave the shores of this Nation while I serve in Congress,'' as though this Nation exists just within its shores--a nation where every one our Fortune 500 companies do business around the world, every one of our States' economies is greatly affected by what kind of business we do around the world. Our students travel abroad; our citizens travel abroad. I don't know how many times we have people going to other countries saying, ``I am an American, I must have some rights.'' What do we do to help support those rights?  To say we don't need to be involved in foreign aid, especially when the United States spends far less of its budget than most other nations--actually less in dollars than some-- is simplistic, self-serving, and mostly inaccurate. These programs benefit all Americans.  We have a number of programs that are underfunded in this budget that create jobs in the United States. We create the greatest number of jobs in our economy in those jobs that affect our exports. To the extent that our foreign aid and foreign policy programs improve the economies of other countries, they improve our markets. But unlike the request the President has made for funding to support America's export community, the bill cuts those funds.  The President has requested funding to support national security programs, including to safeguard nuclear material in the former Soviet Union. If you want something to make you wake up at 3 o'clock in the morning, think of the inadequate controls over the nuclear material that is now stored in the former Soviet Union. Ask any American, ``Would you support something that would help us secure those nuclear materials?'' and they will say yes. This bill cuts those funds.  The President has asked for funds to build free markets, to strengthen democratic governments that support our policies, to protect the global environment. I don't think anybody opposes these programs, but we are just not going to pay for them. Rather than funding them at a level commensurate with the requirements and needs of a superpower with the world's largest economy, some want to make political points. I disagree with that. I think that is dangerous.  I voted to report the bill from the committee. I did that mostly out of respect for the efforts of the chairman of the subcommittee. I voted for it on the floor, as most Senators did, to send it to conference. But I said at that time my vote was contingent upon additional funding being added in conference. It did not happen.  I don't support everything the President has asked for at all. I want to make that clear. Some things I would vote against. But there is much in this conference report I do support. I don't support a cut in funding. I think the long-term security costs to our economy and our security will be far greater. It is simply irresponsible.  Year after year, I have voted for foreign operations bills I thought were too low. I thought last year's bill was too low, and I said so at the time. I voted for it because I thought it was the best we could do and it would not do irreparable harm to our national security. But this bill is $800 million less than last year's.  We have written a balanced bill. I have talked about the provisions I support, such as funding to combat HIV/AIDS in Africa and other development assistance programs. It also includes some provisions I don't support, but we had a fair debate and vote on them. That is fine with me.  Funding for IDA, which makes low-cost loans to the poorest countries, was cut by $175 million. Funding for the U.N. agencies was cut. Funding for the Korea Energy program cut by $20 million. Funding for peacekeeping was cut. Funding for nonproliferation, antiterrorism, and other security programs was cut. The Peace Corps was cut.  The world's population is going to pass 6 billion people next week, yet this conference report provides $50 million less for international family planning than the amount passed by the Senate in July and $100 million less than we spent 10 years ago, when the population was much smaller.  It cuts funding for the Global Environment Facility by $157 million below last year's level and $108 million below the President's request.  I want to see a bill the President can sign. I say this to the administration and the leadership of the House and Senate: You have many Members on both sides of the aisle who want a good bill. But all of you are going to have to help us get the money so we can have a better bill.  