President, I will be very brief. I know a number of Members are waiting to speak.  The Governors and legislators in the six New England States had five goals in mind when they enacted the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact into law in each of their States.  They wanted to assure fresh, local supplies of milk to consumers. In fact, they wanted to do it at lower prices than found in most other parts of the Nation. They wanted to keep dairy farmers in business, they wanted to protect New England's rural environment, and they wanted to do this without burdening Federal taxpayers.  It turned out the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact was a stirring success on every one of these points. But it also had an added benefit. It increased interstate trade into the region as neighboring farmers took advantage of the compact. Not only did prices come down, but the number of farmers going out of business has declined throughout New England for the first time in many years. We find there are still some who favor having Federal bureaucrats run this farm program, at a cost to the taxpayers, instead of the States themselves, with no cost to the taxpayers.  Because it has been so successful, half the Governors in the Nation, half the State legislatures in the Nation, asked that the Congress allow their States to set their own dairy policies, within certain limits, through interstate compacts that, again, cost taxpayers nothing. The dairy compact legislation passed in these States overwhelmingly.  Perhaps most significant, and I mention this because we have heard those from Minnesota and Wisconsin attack this, what they do not tell us is that the retail milk prices in New England not only average lower than the rest of the Nation, but they are much lower than the milk prices in Minnesota and Wisconsin. So those in these parts of the country who are attacking the Northeast Dairy Compact say they are concerned about consumers and ignore the fact that consumers pay a lot more in their States than they do in New England.  One has to ask, Why does anybody oppose the Dairy Compact? GAO and OMB report that consumer prices are lower and farm income is higher than the average for the rest of the country, without increased cost to the taxpayers. Why would anybody oppose it?  One of the things I learned long ago is to follow the money, and there is one group making a whole lot of money on this issue. They are the huge milk manufacturers, such as Suiza, or Kraft which is owned by Philip Morris, or other processors represented by the International Dairy Foods Association. They oppose the compact not because they care for the consumers, not because they care for the farmers, but because they care for their own huge, bloated profits.  Indeed, they sent around corporate front organizations to speak for them. One was the Public Voice for Food and Health Policy. When it finally became clear that Public Voice was going around fronting for these organizations, and that their policies were determined not by what was best for everybody but by corporate dollars, they finally went out of business.  I've talked about the close alliances between a lead executive who handled compact issues for Public Voice who negotiated a job to represent the huge processors.  I will give the press another lead on the next public interest group whose funding should be investigated, the Consumer Federation of America. One of their officers, formerly from Public Voice, has been going around Capitol Hill offices with lobbyists representing dairy processors.  One might ask why would Philip Morris want to use these organizations instead of going directly to the editorial boards of the New York Times or the Washington Post to bad mouth the compact? Why not have somebody who appears to be representing the consumers rather than Philip Morris coming in and talking about it?  The consumer representative, being paid by the big processors, could come in and say: Editorial board members, milk prices are higher for children in the School Lunch Program under this compact.  We ought to compare those prices. Let's compare the retail milk prices in New England against retail milk prices in the upper Midwest. A gallon of whole milk in Augusta, ME, was $2.47. The price was up to 50 cents more in Minneapolis, MN, the area opponents used as an example of how to save money.  I think we ought to take a look at these issues because when we hear some of the big companies, such as Philip Morris and Kraft and Suiza, saying, well, it's not the money. But you know, of course, it is the money. When they say ``we are here because we're concerned about the consumers,'' you know--with their track record--that the consumer is the last thing on their mind. And when these processor groups say they want to protect the farmer . . . oh, Lordy, don't ever, ever believe that, because there is not a farmer in this country who would.  Lastly, if anybody tells you the dairy compact will cost you money, I point out, not only does it not cost taxpayers any money, but the cost of milk is much lower than in States without a compact.  Mr. President, the Governors and legislators in the six New England states had five goals in mind when they enacted the Compact into law in each of their states.  They wanted to assure fresh, local supplies of milk to consumers--at lower prices than found in most of the nation--they wanted to keep dairy farmers in business, they wanted to protect the New England's rural environment from sprawl and destructive development, and they wanted to do this without burdening federal taxpayers.  The Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact has delivered beyond the expectations of those Governors and state legislators.  The Compact provided an added benefit--it has also increased interstate trade into the region as neighboring farmers took advantage of the Compact.  This great idea--coming from those six New England states--has created a successful and enduring partnership between dairy farmers and consumers throughout New England.  Thanks to the Northeast Compact, the number of farmers going out of business has declined throughout New England--for the first time in many years.  It is unfortunate that most still favor federal bureaucrats running the farm programs--I think Congress should look at more zero-cost state-initiated programs rather than turning a deaf ear to the pleas of state legislators.  Indeed, half the Governors in the nation, and half the state legislatures in the nation, asked that the Congress allow their states to set their own dairy policies--within federally mandated limits--through interstate compacts that cost taxpayers nothing.  And the dairy compact legislation passed with overwhelming support in almost all these states.  One of the most difficult challenges posed by the New England Governors is that the Compact had to cost nothing--yet deliver a benefit to farmers. The Compact is scored by CBO as having no costs to the Federal treasury.  Major environmental groups have endorsed the Northeast Dairy Compact because they know it helps preserve farmland and prevent urban sprawl. Indeed, a New York Times and a National Geographic article that I mentioned yesterday discuss the importance of keeping dairy farmers in business from an environmental standpoint.  Perhaps most significantly, retail milk prices in New England average lower than the rest of the nation and much lower than milk prices in Minnesota and Wisconsin, according to GAO.  The question is: why does anyone in America oppose the dairy compact? Since GAO and OMB report that consumer prices are lower and farm income is higher than the average for the rest of the country, without increased costs to taxpayers, why does anyone oppose the Compact?  The answer is simple, huge milk manufacturers--such as Suiza, headquartered in Texas, Kraft which is owned by the tobacco giant Philip Morris, other processors represented by the International Dairy Foods Association--oppose the Compact.  Even the most junior investigative reporter could figure out the answer to my question with the above information. All anyone has to do is look up the donations made by these, and other, giant processors. All the negative news stories about the compact have their genesis in efforts by these giant processors and their front organizations.  I have explained the details of this on the Senate floor so scholars who want to know what really happened can check the public records and the lobby registration forms.  Indeed, one of the corporate front organizations--Public Voice for Food and Health Policy--apparently could not continue to exist when it was so obvious that their policies where determined by corporate dollars rather than good policy.  A simple glance at the list of corporations who funded and attended their functions could be easily researched by any reporter. It will demonstrate that sad and disturbing relationship--now ended as Public Voice had to close up shop because it lost its conscience.  I have detailed the close alliances between their lead executive who handled compact issues for them and the job he negotiated to represent the huge processors a couple of times on the Senate floor.  I will give the press another lead on the next public interest group whose funding should be investigated--the Consumer Federation of America. Indeed, one of their officers--formerly from Public Voice--is being taken around Capitol Hill offices by lobbyists representing processors. A glance at who funds their functions and efforts will be as instruction as investigations of Public Voice.  Why should Philip Morris or Kraft want to use these organizations instead of directly going to the editorial boards of the New York Times or the Washington Post to badmouth the compact? The question does not need me to provide the answer.  What would be the best attack--whether true or not--on the Compact that might swing public opinion?  It might be to simply allege that milk prices are higher for children in the school lunch program. Who would the editorial boards more likely listen to regarding school children: a public interest group or a tobacco company?  By the way, I would be happy to compare milk prices after the Compact was fully implemented.  I would be pleased to compare retail milk prices in New England against retail milk prices in the Upper Midwest.  A GAO report, dated October, 1998, compared retail milk prices for various U.S. cities both inside and outside the Northeast compact region for various time periods.  For example, in February 1998, the average price of a gallon of whole milk in Augusta, ME, was $2.47. The price in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, was $2.63 per gallon. Prices in Minneapolis, Minnesota, were much higher--they were $2.94 per gallon.  Let's pick another New England city--Boston. In February 1998, the price of a gallon of milk was $2.54 as compared to Minneapolis which where the price on average was $2.94/gallon.  Let's look at the cost of 1% milk for November 1997, for another example.  In Augusta, Maine, it was $2.37 per gallon, the same average-price as for Boston and for New Hampshire and Rhode Island. In Minnesota, the price was $2.82/gallon. It was 45 cents more per gallon in Minnesota.  I could go on and on comparing lower New England retail prices with higher prices in other cities for many different months. I invite anyone to review this GAO report. It is clear that our Compact is working perfectly by benefitting consumers, local economies and farmers.  I urge my colleague to vote against this bill because, as I mentioned yesterday, it does not provide enough disaster assistance to the East and it does not provide enough disaster assistance to the nation.  Also, I cannot vote for it because it does not extend the Northeast dairy compact and does not allow neighboring states to also participate.  It also ignores the pleas of Southern Governors who wanted to be able to protect their farmers without burdening U.S. taxpayers.  