President, I have long been an advocate for legislation that ensures that existing laws keep pace with developing technology. It is for this reason that I have sponsored and supported over the past few years a host of bills to bring us into the 21st Century.  This same impetus underlies my support of legislation to ensure our nation's gambling laws keep pace with developing technology, particularly the Internet. The Department of Justice has noted that ``the Internet has allowed for new types of electronic gambling, including interactive games such as poker or blackjack, that may not clearly be included within the types of gambling currently made illegal. . . .'' This new technology clearly has the potential to diminish the effectiveness of current gambling statutes.  Vermonters have spoken clearly that they do not want certain types of gambling permitted in our state, and they do not want current laws to be rendered obsolete by the Internet. Vermont Attorney General William Sorrell strongly supports federal legislation to address Internet gambling, as do other law enforcement officials in Vermont.  I believe, therefore, that there is considerable value in updating our federal gambling statutes, which is why I voted for S. 692, the ``Internet Gambling Prohibition Act,'' during Senate Judiciary Committee consideration. I support the bill as a step forward in our bipartisan efforts to make sure our federal laws continue to keep pace with emerging technologies.  I do, however, have concerns that S. 692 might unnecessarily weaken existing federal and state gambling laws.  My first concern is that the bill provides unnecessary exemptions from its Internet gambling ban for certain forms of gambling activities without a clear public policy justification. For example, the bill exempts parimutuel wagering on horse and dog racing from its ban on Internet gambling. The sponsors of S. 692 have offered no compelling reason for this special treatment of one form of gambling. Indeed, the Department of Justice is ``especially troubled by the broad exemptions given to parimutuel wagering, which essentially would make legal on the Internet types of parimutuel wagering that are not legal in the physical world,'' according to its June 9, 1999 views letter on S. 692.  Broad exemptions from the Internet gambling ban also contradict the recent recommendations to Congress of the National Gambling Impact Study Commission. After 2 years of taking testimony at hearings across the country, the Commission has endorsed the need for Federal legislation to prohibit Internet gambling. But the Commission clearly rejected adding new exemptions to the law in such a ban.  Indeed, in a letter to me dated June 15, 1999, Kay C. James, Chair, and William Bible, Commissioner, of the National Gambling Impact Study Commission, wrote:       The Commission recommends to the President, Congress, and      the Department of Justice (DOJ) that the Federal government      should prohibit, without allowing new exemptions or the      expansion of existing federal exemptions to other      jurisdictions, Internet gambling not already authorized      within the United States or among parties in the United      States and any foreign jurisdiction. (emphasis in the      original)  My second concern is that the bill unnecessarily creates a new section in our Federal gambling statutes, which may prove inconsistent with existing law and established legal precedent. Instead of updating section 1084 of title 18, which has prohibited interstate gambling through wire communications since 1961, S. 692 creates a new section 1085 to title 18 to cover Internet gambling only. Creating a new section out of whole cloth with different definitions and other provisions from existing Federal gambling statutes creates overlapping and inconsistent Federal gambling laws for no good reason.  According to its views letter on S. 692, the Department of Justice believes overlapping and inconsistent Federal gambling laws can be easily avoided by amending section 1084 of title 18 to cover Internet gambling:       We therefore strongly recommend that Congress address the      objective of this legislation through amending existing      gambling laws, rather than creating new laws that      specifically govern the Internet. Indeed, the Department of      Justice believes that an amendment to section 1084 of title      18 could satisfy many of the concerns addressed in S. 692, as      well as ensure that the same laws apply to gambling      businesses, whether they operate over the Internet, the      telephone, or some other instrumentality of interstate      commerce.  I want to thank the sponsors of the legislation, Senators Kyl and Bryan, for addressing my third concern in their substitute amendment. I was concerned that the bill might unnecessarily create immunity from criminal prosecution under State law for Internet gambling. Any new immunity would have been in sharp contrast to existing Federal law, which specifically does not grant immunity from State prosecution for illegal gambling over wire communications.  To address this concern, the substitute amendment adds a new Rules of Construction section, section 2 (g)(1), which I authored. This section makes it clear that, except for the liability limits provided to Interactive Computer Service Providers in section 2 (d) of the bill, S. 692 does not provide any other immunity from Federal or State prosecution for illegal Internet gambling.  Indeed, the New York Attorney General recently prosecuted an offshore Internet gambling company, World Interactive Gaming Corporation, for targeting New York citizens in violation of State and Federal anti-gambling statutes. This past July, the New York State Supreme Court upheld that prosecution.  As a former State prosecutor in Vermont, I strongly believe that Congress should not tie the hands of our State crime-fighting partners in the battle against Internet gambling when we do not mandate Federal preemption of state criminal laws for other forms of illegal gambling. Instead, we need to foster effective Federal-State partnerships to combat illegal Internet gambling.  During our consideration of the Internet Gambling Prohibition Act in this Congress and the last, the sponsors of the bill and members of the Senate Judiciary Committee have improved and refined the bill on a bipartisan basis. The bill now applies only to gambling businesses, instead of individual betters. This will permit Federal authorities to target the prosecution of interstate gambling businesses, while rightly leaving the prosecution of individual bettors to the discretion of state authorities acting under state law.  As Senators continue to work together to enact a ban on Internet gambling, we should keep these words from the Department of Justice foremost in our minds: ``[A]ny prohibitions that are designed to prohibit criminal activity on the Internet must be carefully drafted to accomplish the legislation's objectives without stifling the growth of the Internet or chilling its use as a communication medium.''  I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and the administration to enact into law carefully drafted legislation to update our Federal gambling statutes to ensure that new types of gambling activities made possible by emerging technologies are prohibited.  