President, I have the pleasure of joining Senator Jeffords to rise in support of the renewable energy programs within the Energy and Water Appropriations bill. First, let me thank Senators Domenici and Reid for their hard work to put together a balanced appropriations bill under very difficult budget constraints. I know both of these Senators support the renewable energy programs at Department of Energy and would have liked to come closer to the President's requested funding level. However, as with all the appropriations bills, this year has forced all of us to make difficult choices.  I am supporting the Jeffords amendment because I firmly believe that developing new solar and renewable energy sources is absolutely critical to reducing our reliance on imported fossil fuels and addressing climate change. Anyone who had the pleasure of spending some of this spring in the Northeast will tell you that although we all appreciated the glorious 85 degree days, it was unusual. After about a week, Vermonters really began to wonder about the strange weather. This is only a harbinger of things to come if we do not aggressively address the greenhouse gases that contribute to climate change.  The solar and renewable energy programs will help our nation find alternative energy sources and help our states and industry start using them. We need to invest more funding to develop renewable energy technology and to bring this technology into the mainstream. Coming from Vermont, I have already seen how this technology can be used. During the nuclear freeze movement of the 1980s, Vermonters adopted a saying: ``As Vermont goes, so goes the nation.'' I hope that our state can provide similar leadership to set the nation on a path in the new millennium to promote the development and use of renewable energy.  From the Green Mountain Power wind farm in Searsburg to the McNeil biomass gasifier in Burlington, Vermont is developing and using renewable energy sources. These large projects are being looked at as models for how public-private partnerships can spur growth in our renewable energy sectors. Vermont is also leading the nation in developed small, community-based renewable energy projects. Many Vermont communities have shifted away from fossil energy sources to biomass, building small wood-fired systems. Biomass is now being used in Vermont schools, low-income housing projects, state office buildings and mills.  Vermont is also taking this technology overseas. I am proud to say that several Vermont renewable energy businesses have created niche markets for their technology all around the world. Just a few weeks ago, Prime Minister Tony Blair turned on the lights at a school that had just installed a small wind turbine built by a Vermont company. Another Vermont company has developed solar panels that are being used by individual homes in many developing countries where there is no central energy source.  When Vermont and the nation consider what the next millennium will look like the most important question to be asked is what do we want to pass on to the next generation?  I want my grandson to be able to hike through the Green Mountains and see the same majestic forests and mountain peaks as I did. I want him to be able to fish in Lake Champlain without having to worry about what heavy metals are in it. If my grandchildren are going to enjoy these experiences, our nation has to reduce our reliance on fossil fuels and increase our use of renewable energy. The Jeffords amendment will ensure that the successes of the solar and renewable energy programs at Department of Energy are replicated to help our nation meet this goal.  