President, I thank the distinguished senior Senator from Utah for his kind remarks. We have worked very closely together on this. We have seen a bill go through a major evolution on the floor. Frankly, that is what the Senate should do in working its will through a bill. But I must say to my friend from Utah, I do not think that would have been possible if he and I had not been able to work together, if we had not been in constant contact, day by day, hour by hour and, perhaps to his regret at times, minute by minute.  I once said Senators are merely constitutional impediments to their staff--maybe I said it more than once. If we had not had superb staffs working on this, I do not know what we could have done.  We had Senators who came together, even though they normally seem politically far apart. The distinguished Senator from Alabama, Senator Sessions, an original cosponsor of this bill; the distinguished Senator from Delaware, Senator Biden; myself and Senator Hatch--coming together, bringing so many other Senators together.  One need only look at the major managers' package we passed. I say to my friend from Utah, I think when we introduced our managers' amendment that, as much as anything, broke the logjam and made passage of this bill possible. We tried to accommodate many Senators on both sides of the aisle who had legitimate matter of concern. In that process we came together to shape a bill. The managers' amendment agreement was more than just saying what is good for one Senator or another Senator. This is a juvenile justice bill and the managers' amendment helped shape the contours of that collective product.  As a parent, I think back to the time when my children were going to school. I thought what a happy and wonderful time in their life it was. I knew it was one place where they were safe. We did not have to worry about anything more than, did they study enough for their geometry test or history test or did they get their English assignment in on time? The worst injury you might worry about was if somebody in the playground was to slip and fall and bruise an arm or a leg.  Parents should not have to worry about their children going to school. But even today as we debated this--as we talked about Columbine, where the President and the First Lady were traveling today--we saw, again, on the TV, pictures of another school shooting by another juvenile in Georgia, leaving children injured and being flown to a hospital. Every parent in this country is reminded, again, that often today our children are not safe, even when we send them off to a place where they should be. That is not the way it should be.  We have worked tirelessly on this bill. I think it is a better bill than when it began. The intentions were always the same: To make sure our juveniles are safe, our people are safe, that we choose the right course for juveniles when they do commit crimes.  The Senate has improved this bill. It is more comprehensive and more respectful of the core protections in the Federal juvenile legislation that served us well in past decades. It is more respectful of the primary role of the States in prosecuting these matters. We do recognize that no legislation is perfect, legislation alone is not enough to stop youth violence.  I hope parents, teachers, and juveniles themselves will stop and say: Can we not do better? Can we not have time together? Can we not love our children as we should? Can we not love each other as we should? Can we not look at some of the principles I knew so well when I was growing up, given to me by my parents, principles I hope my wife and I passed on to our children?  Can we not go to those basic principles and understand, even in a country of a quarter of a billion people, that we do not need the violence we see in this country?  It is not just a question of gun control. It is not just a question of more courts or more police. It is not just a question of more laws. But it is a question of, what do we want to be as a nation? We are blessed in this nation. We are the most powerful, wealthiest nation history has ever known. We live better than anybody ever could have imagined. We have so much going for us. Should not we stop and say, when it comes to our children, the most precious resource we have, that we must do all that we can to protect them and nurture them and teach them to be responsible?  Since we began consideration of this important legislation last week, wehave gotten both good news and bad news on the crime front. We got the good news at the beginning of this week when the FBI released the latest crime rate statistics showing a decline in serious crime for the seventh consecutive year. Preliminary reports indicate that the rate of serious violent and property crime in this country went down another 7 percent in 1998, with robbery down 11 percent, murders down 8 percent, car thefts down 10 percent, and declines in other crime categories as well.  But we are all acutely aware that we also got bad news today. Yet another school shooting by a juvenile--this time in Georgia--with children injured and being flown to hospitals. Every parent in this country is reminded again that our children are not safe, even when we send them off to a place where they should be. The only thing parents should have to worry about when they wave good-bye to their children in the morning is whether their child remembered his or her homework and lunch money. They should not have to worry about whether they will get shot.  The growing list of schoolyard shootings by children in Arkansas, Washington, Oregon, Tennessee, California, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Mississippi, last month in Littleton, Colorado, and today in Georgia, is simply unacceptable and intolerable.  Each one of us wants to do something to stop this violence. We have before us a bill that reflects hard work and committed effort on both sides of the aisle to address the juvenile crime problem. Senator Hatch and Senator Sessions have worked tirelessly for several years now to make a difference. While we have strongly disagreed in the past on the right approach to juvenile crime, I have always respected their good intentions. I am glad that this year we have continued the progress we made in the last Congress to find common ground on this important legislation.  In light of the significant improvements we have been able to make to the bill here on the Senate floor over the last eight days, the bill is a better, stronger and better balanced bill. It is more comprehensive and more respectful of the core protections in federal juvenile justice legislation that have served us so well over the last three decades. At the same time it is more respectful of the primary role of the states in prosecuting these matters. I greatly appreciate the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee adding me as a principal cosponsor of our bill.  I recognize, as we all do, that no legislation is perfect and that legislation alone is not enough to stop youth violence. We can pass an assortment of new laws and still turn on the news to find out that some child somewhere in the country has turned violent and turned on other children and teachers, with a gun or other weapon, with terrible results.  All of us--whether we are parents, grandparents, teachers, psychologists, or policy-makers--are puzzling over the causes of kids turning violent in our country. The root causes are likely multi-faceted. We can all point to inadequate parental involvement or supervision, over-crowded classrooms and over-sized schools that add to students' alienation, the easy accessibility of guns, the violence depicted on television, in movies and video games, or inappropriate content available on the Internet. There is no single cause and no single legislative solution that will cure the ill of youth violence in our schools or in our streets. Nevertheless, this legislation is a firm and significant step in the right direction.  I have said before that a good proposal that works should get the support of all of us. Our first question should be whether a program or proposal will help our children effectively, not whether it is a Democratic or Republican proposal. The Managers' amendment and package of amendments that the Chairman and I were able to put together for adoption yesterday reflects that philosophy. It shows that when this body rolls up its sleeves and gets to work, we can make significant progress. I commend the Chairman for his leadership in this effort and I am glad we were able to work together constructively to improve this bill.  This bill, S. 254, started out as a much-improved bill from the one reported by the Judiciary Committee in the last Congress. In fact, as I looked through this bill I was pleasantly surprised to see that proposals that the Republicans on the Judiciary Committee specifically voted down in 1997 were incorporated at the outset into this bill. These are changes that I and other Democrats have been urging on our Republican colleagues for the past few years, and that they have resisted until they quietly incorporated them into this bill.  Federalism. For example, I tried in July 1997 to amend S. 10 to protect the State's traditional prerogative in handling juvenile offenders and avoid the unnecessary federalization of juvenile crime that so concerns the Chief Justice and the Federal judiciary. Specifically, my 1997 amendment would have limited the federal trial as an adult of juveniles charged with nonviolent felonies to circumstances when the State is unwilling or unable to exercise jurisdiction. This amendment was defeated, with all the Republicans voting against it.  This bill, S. 254, contained a new provision designed to address these federalism concerns that would direct federal prosecutors to ``exercise a presumption in favor of referral'' of juvenile cases to the appropriate State or tribal authorities, where there is ``concurrent jurisdiction,'' unless the State declines jurisdiction and there is a substantial federal interest in the case. Yet, concerns remained that this bill would undermine a State's traditionally prerogative to handle juvenile offenders.  The changes we make to the underlying bill in the Hatch-Leahy Managers' amendment satisfy my concerns. For example, S. 254 as introduced would repeal the very first section of the Federal Criminal Code dealing with ``Correction of Youthful Offenders.'' This is the section that establishes a clear presumption that the States--not the federal government--should handle most juvenile offenders [18 U.S.C. section 5001]. While the original S. 254 would repeal that provision, the Managers' amendment retains it in slightly modified form.  In addition, the original S. 254 would require Federal prosecutors to refer most juvenile cases to the State in cases of ``concurrent jurisdiction . . . over both the offense and the juvenile.'' This language created a recipe for sharp lawyering. Federal prosecutors could avoid referral by simply claiming there was no ``concurrent'' jurisdiction over the ``offense'' due to linguistic or other differences between the federal and state crimes. Even if the juvenile's conduct violated both Federal and State law, any difference in how those criminal laws were written could be used to argue they were different offenses altogether. This was a huge loophole that could have allowed federal prosecutors to end-run the presumption of referral to the State.  We fix this in the Managers' Amendment, and clarify that whenever the federal government or the State have criminal laws that punish the same conduct and both have jurisdiction over the juvenile, federal prosecutors should refer the juvenile to the State in most instances.  Finally, I was concerned that, contrary to current law, a federal prosecutor's decision to proceed against a juvenile in federal court would not be subject to any judicial review. The Managers' Amendment would permit such judicial review, except in cases involving serious violent or serious drug offenses.  Federal Trial of Juveniles as Adults. Another area of concern has been the ease with which S. 254 would allow federal prosecutors to prosecute juveniles 14 years and older as adults for any felony. While I have long favored simplifying and streamlining current federal procedures for trying juveniles, I believe that judicial review is an important check in the system, particularly when you are dealing with children.  This bill, S. 254, included a ``reverse waiver'' proposal allowing for judicial review of most cases in which a juvenile is charged as an adult in federal court. I had suggested a similar proposal in July 1997, when I tried to amend S. 10 before the Judiciary Committee to permit limited judicial review of a federal prosecutor's decision to try certain juveniles as adults. S. 10 granted sole, non-reviewable authority to federal prosecutors to try juvenilesas adults for any federal felony, removing federal judges from that decision altogether. My 1997 amendment would have granted federal judges authority in appropriate cases to review a prosecutor's decision and to handle the juvenile case in a delinquency proceeding rather than try the juvenile as an adult.  Only three States in the country granted prosecutors the extraordinary authority over juvenile cases that S. 10 proposed, including Florida. Earlier this year, we saw the consequences of that kind of authority, when a local prosecutor in that State charged as an adult a 15-year-old mildly retarded boy with no prior record who stole $2 from a school classmate to buy lunch. The local prosecutor charged him as an adult and locked him up in an adult jail for weeks before national press coverage forced a review of the charging decision in the case.  This was not the kind of incident I wanted happening on the federal level. Unfortunately, my proposal for a ``reverse waiver'' procedure providing judicial review of a prosecutor's decision was voted down in Committee, with no Republican on the Committee voting for it.  I was pleased that S. 254 contained a ``reverse waiver'' provision, despite the Committee's rejection of this proposal two years ago. Though made belated, this was a welcome change in the bill. The Managers' amendment makes important improvements to that provision.  First, S. 254 gives a juvenile defendant only 20 days to file a reverse waiver motion after the date of the juvenile's first appearance. This time is too short, and could lapse before the juvenile is indicted and is aware of the actual charges. The Managers' amendment extends the time to make a reverse waiver motion to 30 days, which begins at the time the juvenile defendant appears to answer an indictment.  Second, S. 254 requires the juvenile defendant to show by ``clear and convincing'' evidence that he or she should be tried as a juvenile rather than an adult. This is a very difficult standard to meet, particularly under strict time limits. Thus, the Managers' amendment changes this standard to a ``preponderance'' of the evidence.  Juvenile Records. As initially introduced, S. 254 would require juvenile criminal records for any federal offense, no matter how petty, to be sent to the FBI. This criminal record would haunt the juvenile as he grew into an adult, with no possibility of expungement from the FBI's database.  The Managers' amendment makes important changes to this record requirement. The juvenile records sent to the FBI will be limited to acts that would be felonies if committed by an adult. In addition, under the Managers' amendment, a juvenile would be able after 5 years to petition the court to have the criminal record removed from the FBI database, if the juvenile can show by clear and convincing evidence that he or she is no longer a danger to the community. Expungement of records from the FBI's database does not apply to juveniles convicted of rape, murder or certain other serious felonies.  Increasing Witness Tampering Penalties. This bill, S. 254, also contains a provision to increase penalties for witness tampering that I first suggested and included in the ``Youth Violence, Crime and Drug Abuse Control Act of 1997,'' S. 15, which was introduced in the first weeks of the 105th Congress, at the end of the last Congress in the ``Safe Schools, Safe Streets and Secure Borders Act of 1998,'' S. 2484, and again in S. 9, the comprehensive package of crime proposals introduced with Senator Daschle at the beginning of this Congress. This provision would increase the penalty for using or threatening physical force against any person with intent to tamper with a witness, victim or informant from a maximum of ten to twenty years' imprisonment. In addition, the provision adds a conspiracy penalty for obstruction of justice offenses involving witnesses, victims and informants.  I have long been concerned about the undermining of our criminal justice system by criminal efforts to threaten or harm witnesses, victims and informants, to stop them from cooperating with and providing assistance to law enforcement. I tried to include this provision, along with several other law enforcement initiatives, by amendment to S. 10 during Committee mark-up on July 11, 1997, but this amendment was voted down by all the Republicans on the Committee. At the end of the mark-up, however, this witness tampering provision was quietly accepted to S. 10 and I am pleased that it is also included in S. 254.  Eligibility Requirements for Accountability Block Grant. This bill, S. 254, substantially relaxes the eligibility requirements for the new juvenile accountability block grant. By contrast, S. 10 in the last Congress would have required States to comply with a host of new federal mandates to qualify for the first cent of grant money, such as permitting juveniles 14 years and older to be prosecuted as adults for violent felonies, establishing graduated sanctions for juvenile offenders, implementing drug testing programs for juveniles upon arrest, and nine new juvenile record-keeping requirements. These record-keeping mandates would have required, for example, that States fingerprint and photograph juveniles arrested for any felony act and send those records to the FBI, plus make all juvenile delinquency records available to law enforcement agencies and to schools, including colleges and universities. We could find no State that would have qualified for this grant money without agreeing to change their laws in some fashion to satisfy the twelve new mandates.  In 1997, I tried to get the Judiciary Committee to relax the new juvenile record-keeping mandates under the accountability grant program during the mark-up of S. 10. My 1997 amendment would have limited the record-keeping requirements to crimes of violence or felony acts committed by juveniles, rather than to all juvenile offenses no matter how petty. But my amendment was voted down on July 23, 1997, by the Republicans on the Committee. Finally, two years later, S. 254 reflects the criticism I and others Democrats on the Judiciary Committee leveled at the strict eligibility and record-keeping requirements in S. 10.  Indeed, the Senate decisively rejected this approach when it defeated an amendment by a Republican Senator that would have revived those straight-jacket eligibility requirements. Specifically, his amendment would have required States to try as adults juveniles 14 years or older who committed certain crimes. As I pointed out during floor debate on this amendment, only two States would have qualified for grant funds unless they agreed to change their laws.  Moreover, the current bill removes the record-keeping requirements altogether from the Juvenile Accountability Block Grant. Instead, S. 254 sets up an entirely new Juvenile Criminal History Block Grant, funded at $75 million per year. To qualify for a criminal history grant, States would have to promise within three years to keep fingerprint supported records of delinquency adjudications of juveniles who committed a felony act. No more photographs required. No more records of mere arrests required. No more dissemination of petty juvenile offense records to schools required. Instead, only juvenile delinquency adjudications for murder, armed robbery, rape or sexual molestation must be disseminated in the same manner as adult records; other juvenile delinquency adjudications records may only be used for criminal justice purposes. These limitations are welcome changes to the burdensome, over-broad record-keeping requirements in the prior version of the Republican juvenile crime bill.  The eligibility requirements for the Juvenile Accountability Block Grant now number only three, including that the State have in place a policy of drug testing for appropriate categories of juveniles upon arrest.  Core Protections for Children. Much of the debate over reforming our juvenile justice system has focused on how we treat juvenile offenders who are held in State custody. Republican efforts to roll back protections for children in custody failed in the last Congress. These protections were originally put in place when Congress enacted the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 to create a formula grant program for States to improve their juvenile justice systems. This Act addressed the horrific conditions in which children were being detained by State authorities in close proximity to adult inmates--conditionsthat too often resulted in tragic assaults, rapes and suicides of children.  As the JJDPA has evolved, four core protections have been adopted--and are working--to protect children from adult inmates and to ensure development of alternative placements to adult jails. These four core protections for juvenile delinquents are:  Separation of juvenile offenders from adult inmates in custody (known as sight and sound separation);  Removal of juveniles from adult jails or lockups, with a 24-hour exception in rural areas and other exceptions for travel and weather related conditions;  Deinstitutionalizaton of status offenders; and to study and direct prevention efforts toward reducing the disproportionate confinement of minority youth in the juvenile justice system.  Over strong objection by most of the Democrats on the Judiciary Committee in the last Congress, S. 10 eliminated three of the four core protections and substantially weakened the ``sight and sound'' separation standard for juveniles in State custody. At the same time the Committee appeared to acknowledge the wisdom and necessity of such requirements when it adopted an amendment requiring separation of juveniles and adult inmates in Federal custody.  This bill, S. 254, as introduced was an improvement over S. 10 in its retention of modified versions of three out of the four core protections. Specifically, S. 254 included the sight and sound standard for juveniles in Federal custody reflected in a 1997 amendment to S. 10. The same standard is used to apply to juveniles delinquents in State custody.  Legitimate concerns were raised that the prohibition on physical contact in S. 254 would still allow supervised proximity between juveniles and adult inmates that is ``brief and incidental or accidental,'' since this could be interpreted to allow routine and regular--though brief--exposure of children to adult inmates. For example, guards could routinely escort children past open adult cells multiple times a day on their way to a dining area.  The Hatch-Leahy managers' Amendment makes significant progress on the ``sight and sound separation'' protection and the ``jail removal'' protection. Specifically, our Managers' amendment makes clear that when parents in rural areas give their consent to have their children detained in adult jails after an arrest, the parents may revoke their consent at any time. In addition, the judge who approves the juvenile's detention must determine it is in the best interests of the juvenile, and may review that detention--as the judge must periodically--in the presence of the juvenile.  The managers' amendment also clarifies that juvenile offenders in rural areas may be detained in an adult jail for up to 48 hours while awaiting a court appearance, but only when no alternative facilities are available and appropriate juvenile facilities are too far away to make the court appearance or travel is unsafe to undertake.  The Hatch-Leahy managers' amendment also significantly improves the sight and sound separation requirement for juvenile offenders in both Federal and State custody. The amendment incorporates the guidance in current regulations for keeping juveniles separated from adult prisoners. Specifically, the Managers' amendment would require separation of juveniles and adult inmates and excuse only ``brief and inadvertent or accidental'' proximity in non-residential areas, which may include dining, recreational, educational, vocational, health care, entry areas, and passageways.  I am pleased we were able to make this progress. I appreciate that a number of Members remain seriously concerned, as do I, about how S. 254 changes the disproportionate minority confinement protection in current law. This bill, S. 254, removes any reference to minorities and requires only that efforts be made to reduce over-representation of any segment of the population. I am disappointed that Senators Wellstone and Kennedy's amendment to restore this protection did not succeed yesterday, but will continue to fight in conference to restore this protection.  Prevention. S. 254 includes a $200 million per year Juvenile Delinquency Prevention Challenge Grant to fund both primary prevention and intervention uses after juveniles have had contact with the juvenile justice system. I and a number of other members were concerned that in the competition for grant dollars, the primary prevention uses would lose out to intervention uses in crucial decisions on how this grant money would be spent. With the help of Senator Kohl, we have included in the Hatch-Leahy Managers' amendment a clear earmark that eighty percent of the money, or $160 million per year if the program is fully funded, is to be used for primary prevention uses and the other twenty percent is to be used for intervention uses. Together with the 25 percent earmark, or about $112 million per year if that program is fully funded, for primary prevention in the Juvenile Accountability Block Grant that was passed by the Senate in the Hatch-Biden-Sessions amendment, this bill now reflects a substantial amount of solid funding for primary prevention uses.  Prosecutors' Grants. I expressed some concern when the Senate passed the Hatch-Biden-Sessions amendment authorizing $50 million per year for prosecutors and different kinds of assistance to prosecutors to speed up prosecution of juvenile offenders. I pointed out that this amendment did not authorize any additional money for judges, public defenders, counselors, or corrections officers. The consequence would be to only exacerbate the backlog in juvenile justice systems rather than helping it.  The Managers' amendment fixes that by authorizing $50 million per year in grants to State juvenile court systems to be used for increased resources to State juvenile court judges, juvenile prosecutors, juvenile public defenders, and other juvenile court system personnel.  Sense of Senate. I mentioned before that S. 254 includes a Sense of the Senate resolution urging States to try juveniles 10 to 14 years old as adults for crimes, such as murder, that would carry the death penalty if committed by an adult--the resolution does not urge the death penalty for such children. While Vermont is probably one of the few States that expressly allows for the trial of juveniles 10 years and older as adults for certain crimes, I do not believe that this is a matter on which the Senate must or should opine. The Managers' amendment correctly deletes that Sense of the Senate from the bill.  State Advisory Groups. S. 254 incorporates changes I recommended to S. 10 in the last Congress to ensure the continued existence and role of State Advisory Groups, or SAGs, in the development of State plans for addressing juvenile crime and delinquency, and the use of grant funds under the JJDPA. As originally introduced, S. 10 had abolished the role of SAGs. The Judiciary Committee in 1997 adopted my amendment to preserve SAGs and require representation from a broad range of juvenile justice experts from both the public and private sectors.  While, as introduced, S. 254 preserved SAGs, it eliminated the requirement in current law that gives SAGs the opportunity to review and comment on a grant award to allow these experts to provide input on how best to spend the money. In addition, while the bill authorizes the use of grant funds to support the SAG, the bill does require States to commit any funds to ensure these groups can function effectively. I am pleased that the Chairman and I were able to accept an amendment sponsored by Senators Kerrey, Roberts, and others, to ensure appropriate funding of SAGs at the State level and to support their annual meetings.  Protecting Children From Guns. Significantly, we have amended this bill with important gun control measures that we all hope will help make this country safer for our children. The bill as now been amended: bans the transfer to and possession by juveniles of assault weapons and high capacity ammunition clips; increases criminal penalties for transfers of handguns, assault weapons, and high capacity ammunition clips to juveniles; bans prospective gun sales to juveniles with violent crime records; expands the youth crime gun interdiction initiative to up to 250 cities by 2003 for tracing of guns used in youth crime; and increases federal resources dedicated to enforcement of firearms laws by $50 million a year. These common-sense initiatives were first included in thecomprehensive Leahy law enforcement amendment that was tabled by the majority, but were later included in successful amendments sponsored by Republican Senators. No matter how these provisions were finally included in the bill, they will help keep guns out of hands of children and criminals, while protecting the rights of law abiding adults to use firearms.  In addition, through the efforts of Senators Lautenberg, Schumer, Kerrey and others, we were able to require background checks for all firearm purchases at all gun shows. After three Republican amendments failed to close the gun show loophole in the Brady law, and, in fact, created many new loopholes in the law, we finally prevailed. With the help of Vice President Gore's tie-breaking vote, a majority in the U.S. Senate stood up to the gun lobby and did the right thing. This is real progress. Conclusion.  I said at the outset of the debate on this bill that I would like nothing better than to pass responsible and effective juvenile justice legislation. I want to pass juvenile justice legislation that will be helpful to the youngest citizens in this country--not harm them. I want to pass juvenile justice legislation that assists States and local governments in handling juvenile offenders--not impose a ``one-size-fits-all'' Washington solution on them. I want to prevent juveniles from committing crimes, and not just narrowly focus on punishing children. I want to keep children who may harm others away from guns. This bill would make important contributions in each of these areas, and I am pleased to support its passage.  I thank the Republican manager of this important measure for his work and dedication to this effort. I commend the Minority Leader and the Minority Whip for their assistance and attention to this debate. There would not be a juvenile justice bill without them. I thank Senator Kennedy, Senator Schumer, Senator Kohl and all the Democratic Members of the Judiciary Committee for helping manage this effort. Senators Bingaman, Robb, Boxer, Wellstone and Lautenberg should also be singled out for their consistent efforts to improve this bill. And I would like to thank the staff of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Republican and Democrat, including Manus Cooney, Sharon Prost, Rhett DeHart, Michael Kennedy and Anna Cabral from Chairman Hatch's staff and Bruce Cohen, Beryl Howell, Ed Pagano, Ed Barron, J.P. Dowd, Julie Katzman and Michael Carrasco from my own. In addition Michael Myers, Stephaine Robinson, Melody Barnes and Angela Williams from Senator Kennedy's staff and Sheryl Walter, Jon Leibowitz, Brian Lee, Neil Quinter, David Hantman, Bob Schiff, Jennifer Leach and Glen Shor, Sander Lurie and Tony Orza were exceptional in staffing these matters. I thank them all for their dedication and public service.  I thank Senators on both side of the aisle who worked with us, but I want to congratulate the distinguished chairman and thank him for his help.  