President, I had planned to be giving a statement on final passage of the ``Missing, Exploited, and Runaway Children Protection Act of 1999.'' Unfortunately, I cannot do this, because just as there was last year, there continues to be a hold up on passing this important legislation. We could and should have passed this legislation last year. We could and should pass this legislation today.  Last year we missed that opportunity when the Republican majority in both Houses of Congress played partisan games and tried to use this noncontroversial authorization bill as a vehicle to insist on conferencing a much-criticized Republican juvenile justice bill. That procedural gimmick cost us valuable time to get this legislation enacted.  The majority was roundly criticized. The Washington Post went so far as to call the Republican Majority's short-circuit conference tactic ``faintly absurd.'' The San Francisco Chronicle used even stronger terms, calling it ``sneaky maneuvering and Byzantine procedural moves.'' The Philadelphia Inquirer's reaction to this tactic was: ``Shame on the House. And shame on the Senate if it approves this bill as is, without debate.'' The New York Times labeled this maneuver a ``stealth assault on juvenile justice.''  By contrast to last year, at least in the Senate, procedural ambushes on juvenile justice legislation have been eschewed and we were given the opportunity last month to have full and fair debate. After significant improvements through amendments, the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill passed the Senate on May 20, 1999 by a strong bipartisan vote.  Similarly, I am pleased that the Leahy-Hatch substitute to this bill, the Missing, Exploited, and Runaway Children Protection Act of 1999, overwhelmingly passed the Senate on April 19. In late May, the House of Representatives followed suit.  The House, however, inserted new language, not included in the Senate-passed bill. This new language includes two studies and language regarding the ``consolidated review of applications" for grants under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act.  The first study mandates the Secretary of HHS to examine the percent of runaways who leave home because of sexual abuse. The study is not funded and sets an unreasonable time frame. The second instructs the Secretary of Education to commission a $2.1 million study by the National Academy of Sciences on the antecedents of school violence in urban, suburban, and rural schools, including the incidents of school violence that occurred in Pearl, Mississippi; Paducah, Kentucky; Jonesboro, Arkansas; Springfield, Oregon; Edinboro, Pennsylvania; Fayetteville, Tennessee; Littleton, Colorado; and Conyers, Georgia. The study must include the impact of cultural influences and exposure to the media, video games, and the Internet.  It is my understanding that this school violence study was slipped into the legislation after the House committee reported the bill. In essence this bill seeks to mandate funding from the Department of Education, although this authorizing legislation, and sets an unreasonable time frame for a thoughtful study to be conducted. I do not support such efforts to bypass the consideration of the Appropriations Committees.  The juvenile violence study inserted into S. 249 also duplicates numerous studies in, S. 254, the Senate-passed juvenile justice bill. The studies in S. 254 include:  Study of Marketing Practices of Motion Picture, Recording, and Video/Personal Computer Game Industries. The Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice are directed to study the extent of the entertainment industry's marketing of unsuitable materials to minors and the industry's enforcement of the current rating systems.  Study. This section instructs the Comptroller General to conduct a study on (1) the incidents of school-based violence; (2) impediments to combating school-based violence; (3) promising initiatives for addressing school-based violence; and (4) crisis preparedness of school personnel and law enforcement officials.  School Violence Research. This section instructs the Attorney General to establish a research center that will serve as a clearinghouse for school violence research at the National Center for Rural Law Enforcement in Little Rock, Arkansas.  National Commission on Character Development. This section creates a National Commission on Character Development to study and make recommendations with respect to the impact of cultural influences on developing and instilling character in America's youth.  Study of Marketing Practices of the Firearms Industry. This section directs the Federal Trade Commission and the Attorney General to conduct a study of the marketing practices of the firearms industry to determine the extent to which the firearms industry advertises its products to juveniles.  National Media Campaign Against Violence. This section creates a $25 million national media campaign targeted to parents and youth to reduce and prevent violence by young Americans. The campaign will be operated by the National Crime Prevention Council with the consultation of national, statewide or community-based youth organizations.  Behavioral and Social Science Research on Youth Violence. This section authorizes the National Institutes of Health, acting through the Office of Behavioral and Social Sciences Research, to conduct a comprehensive study on the causes and prevention of youth violence.  National Youth Violence Commission. This subtitle establishes a Commission composed of 16 members to conduct a comprehensive factual study of incidents of youth violence in order to determine the root causes of such violence by studying the involvement of teachers and school administrators, trends in family relationships, alienation of youth from the families and peer groups, availability of firearms to youth, impact of youth violence on youth, effects on youth of depictions of violence in the media, and the availability of information regarding the construction of weapons. The Commission will make recommendations to the President and Congress to address the causes of youth violence and reduce incidents of youth violence in the form of a report which shall be submitted no later than 1 year after the date on which the Commission first meets.  The youth violence study inserted into S. 249 by the House also duplicates ongoing efforts by President Clinton. In August 1998, the Departments of Justice and Education released ``Early Warning, Timely Response: A Guide to Safe Schools.'' This guide provides schools and communities with information on how to identify the early warning signs and take action steps to prevent and respond to school violence. Every school in the nation received a copy of the guide.  In October 1998 at the White House Conference the President released the first Annual Report on School Safety. The report includes an analysis of all existing national school crime data and an overview of state and local crime reporting; examples of schools and strategies that are successfully reducing school violence, drug use and class disruption; actions that parents can take locally to combat school crime; and resources available to schools and communities to help create safe, disciplined and drug-free schools.  On April 1, 1999, a new Safe Schools/Healthy Students Initiative was announced by Attorney General Janet Reno, Secretary of Education Richard Riley and Surgeon General David Satcher, M.D., to provide 50 communities with up to $3 million per year for three years to link existing and new services and activities into a comprehensive community-wide approach to violence prevention and healthy child development. It is based on evidence that a comprehensive, integrated community-wide approach is an effective way to promote healthy childhood development and address the problems of school violence and drug abuse.  On June 1, 1999 the President directed the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice to conduct a joint study of the marketing practices of entertainment industries to determine whether these industries are marketing to children violent and other material that is rated for adults.  There are many more studies and activities I could list, but I think my point has been made.  I regret that the House has again, as in the last Congress, has taken a clean bill and chosen to add extraneous matters. Rather than allow this tactic to delay passage of this already long-delayed and much-needed authorization for a number of worthwhile programs, I will not insist that the House amendment be stricken at this time. I will look to reconsider it in the course of the conference on the S. 254, the Hatch-Leahy juvenile crime legislation.  The other language inserted by the House that causes me concern is the ``consolidated review of grant application.'' In the Leahy-Hatch Senate bill we were careful to make clear the continuation of current law governing the minimum grants available for small States under Basic Center grants program.  My concern about the consolidation language, however, has been abated after I received assurances from Secretary Shalala that small States will in no way be disadvantaged from receiving funding at current levels or above. If small States, like Vermont, effectively compete for national competitive grants programs, that is to their additional benefit and will not reduce the small State minimums in important programs like the Basic Center grants program.  In order to address my concern, on May 26, I sent a letter to Secretary Shalala asking that the Department guarantee that the House bill, like the Senate bill, preserves the current funding mechanism under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act. On June 7, through Secretary Shalala's Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Rich Tarplin, I received such assurance and with that, I am pleased to be working to expedite the enactment of this legislation.  I thank Secretary Shalala and Assistant Secretary Rich Tarplin for making explicit that small States like Vermont will not be disadvantaged by the language added by the House. In addition, I thank Barbara Clark, of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, for her tireless work over too many years to see through the reauthorization of these programs. I hope all of our efforts are rewarded with passage of S. 249 as soon as possible.  I ask unanimous consent that copies of my letter to Secretary Shalala and the response that I received be included in the Record following my remarks.  