President, I would like to take this opportunity first to applaud Senator Bond and Senator Mikulski for the tremendous job they have done balancing the demands of some of our most important programs with a very limited budget. The Fiscal Year 2000 VA/HUD and Independent Agencies appropriations bill which they have crafted is a good bill and stands in stark contrast to the House passed bill which included some devastating cuts to a number of very important housing and community development programs. The Chairman and Ranking Member were very responsive to my requests and concerns with the bill as were their staffs.  I do remain concerned about funding for several HUD programs and I hope that there will be an opportunity in conference to revisit these accounts and provide some additional funding. In particular, the failure to fund incremental section 8 vouchers will cause a real hardship for the thousands of families across the country on wait lists for rental assistance. In Vermont alone the wait for Section 8 rental assistance can stretch for years and some lists have been closed completely because ofthe extensive wait. The booming economy is great for business but not so good for low-income families who are finding themselves priced out of the housing market. More and more people in Vermont and throughout the country are paying more than 30 percent of their income for housing. Last year Congress authorized 100,000 vouchers for FY 2000. The Administration has included those vouchers in their budget request. We should include funding for those vouchers in the FY 2000 VA/HUD Appropriations bill.  I would also like to voice my concern for the funding provided for the Youthbuild program and for the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation. Youthbuild is a wonderful example of a program that is helping develop leadership skills in at-risk youth while providing much needed affordable housing. The program has been an unqualified success in Vermont where Youthbuild participants have constructed and rehabilitated affordable housing in Burlington's Enterprise Community. From weatherizing homes to building single and multi-family housing, Youthbuild Burlington has proven the value of this program in investing at-risk youth in their communities while building skills for the future, and meeting the critical need for quality affordable housing in Burlington. Earlier this year I joined 49 of my colleagues in a letter to Senator Bond and Senator Mikulski supporting a $75 million appropriation for the Youthbuild program. Unfortunately the bill we are considering includes only $42.5 million for this valuable program. The Department's ability to offer grants to new Youthbuild programs or provide additional support for existing programs would be greatly reduced by this funding level. I hope that we will be able to increase funding for Youthbuild in Conference.  The Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation (NRC) is another important HUD program which received a significant funding cut. This bill reduces funding for the NRC by a third. The NRC has been an invaluable partner in the drive to increase home ownership in Vermont and throughout the nation. Four homeownership centers in Vermont are currently implementing the Neighborworks model of ``full cycle lending'' which has made such a difference in bringing the opportunity of homeownership to lower income families in my state. Time after time, these homeownership centers have allowed families who would not otherwise have been considered by commercial lenders, to secure mortgages for affordable homes, and helped families who would otherwise have suffered foreclosure remain in their homes. The level of funding proposed in the Senate bill would prevent 12,000 families currently in the pipeline from receiving further assistance, and would result in 8,700 fewer families realizing the dream of homeownership and 80,000 families not receiving homebuyer or foreclosure prevention counseling. I hope that we can prevent those results by providing additional funding for this valuable program in conference.  Finally, I would like to once again express my support for the Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFI) program. The Senate bill provides $80 million for this important program, $15 million below last year's level and $45 million below the President's request. The CDFI Fund is an economic development initiative that was adopted with overwhelming bi-partisan support several years ago. The program is an important investment tool for economically distressed communities. CDFI leverages private investment to stretch every Federal dollar. This program is working effectively in communities across the country, and I believe additional resources are needed to maximize the value of this important federal investment.  I look forward to working with Senator Mikulski and Senator Bond during conference to secure additional funding for these programs.  