President, I am pleased to join Senators Chafee, Bob Smith, and Feingold in offering this amendment to restart the Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) state assistance program. Our amendment will recognize the outpouring of support for open space conservation and urban revitalization demonstrated by the passage of 124 ballot measures dedicating tax revenues to these goals.  Our amendment will allocate $200 million to the state grants program of LWCF. More than thirty years ago Congress made a promise to future generations that we would use the revenues from offshore oil and gas leases to protect the ``irreplaceable lands of natural beauty and unique recreational value.'' The revenues would be placed into the Land and Water Conservation Fund and used by the federal government, states and local communities to build a network of parks, refuges, hiking trails, bike paths, river accesses and greenways.  Unfortunately, only half of that promise has been kept. For the past three years, Congress has not funded the state grants program of the Fund. Instead, we have been diverting these revenues for other purposes at a time when these investments are needed more than ever. We have all seen the impact of urban sprawl in our home states, whether it be large, multi-tract housing or mega-malls that bring national superstores and nation-sized parking lots. We are losing farm and forest land across the country at an alarming rate. If we are going to reverse this trend, Congress has to step in to the debate and start funding federal land conservation programs that help states address their land conservation priorities. The LWCF state grants program is one of the few federal programs available to do this--Congress now needs to make a commitment to fund it.  By funding the state grants program we will be investing in a proven success. The program has proved itself by helping to fund more than 37,000 projects across the country. As the National Park Service has testified, these projects are in ``every nook and cranny of the country and serve every segment of the public.'' I am sure every one of us have visited one of these places without even knowing that federal funds--which leveraged state and local funds--made it happen.  But it is not happening any more. By not funding the state grants program we are leaving state and local governments to fill the gap. In Vermont, we are fortunate. Most Vermonters are within a few hours of the Green Mountain National Forest or the Appalachian Trail. Most Americans, however, are much further away from a national park, national forest or wildlife refuge. They depend on their local parks and bike paths for weekend getaways or evening excursions.  I have seen the success of the state-side program in Vermont, where more than $27 million from the Fund has helped conserve more than 66,000 acres of land that was set aside as open space, parks and recreation places. I have a list of more than 500 projects that touch every corner of Vermont. However, there are still many special places in Vermont that remain unprotected. I constantly hear from Vermonters what are trying to protect their town green, a local wetland or access to their favorite fishing hole.  By restarting the state grant program we will be able to protect some of these special places in each of our states. In Vermont, I would like to see the Long Trail, which follows the spine of the Green Mountains through my state and attracts more than 200,000 hikers a year, completed. I would like to see better access to the banks of one of the premier fly-fishing rivers, the Battenkill. Although these will not become part of our federal network of conservation areas, we still have a federal responsibility to ensure they remain open and accessible for future generations to enjoy.  