President, there have been a number of hearings on Y2K. One was held yesterday in the Judiciary Committee. And in that meeting I offered a very simple and direct principle: Our goal should be to encourage Y2K compliance. No matter how much we talk about liabilities or who is to blame, or anything else, the bottom line is for people who want to go from December 31 to January 1, at the end of this year, we should look for compliance. That is what we are doing by passing this, the Small Business Year 2000 Readiness Act, S. 314. It offers help to small businesses working to remedy their computer systems before the millennium bug hits.  I want to commend Senators Bond and Kerry for their bipartisan leadership in the Small Business Committee on this bill. It is going to support small businesses around the country in the Y2K remedial efforts. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation.  We know that small businesses are the backbone of our economy, whether it is the corner market in a small city, or the family farm, or a smalltown doctor. In my home State of Vermont, 98percent of the businesses are small businesses. They have limited resources. That is why it is important to provide these small businesses with the resources to correct their Y2K problems --but to do it now.  Last month, for example, I hosted a Y2K conference in Vermont to help small businesses prepare for the year 2000. Hundreds of small business owners from across Vermont attended this conference. They took time out of their work so they could learn how to minimize or eliminate Y2K computer problems. Those who could not join us at the site joined us by interactive television around the State.  Vermonters are working hard to identify their vulnerabilities. They should be encouraged and assisted in these efforts. That is the right approach. The right approach is not to seek blame but to fix as many of the problems ahead of time as we can. Ultimately, the best business policy--actually, the best defense against Y2K-based lawsuits--is to be Y2K compliant.  The prospect of Y2K problems requires remedial efforts and increased compliance, not to look back on January 1 and find out who was at fault but to look forward on March 2 and say what can we do to fix it.  Unfortunately, not all small businesses are doing enough to address the year 2000 issue because of a lack of resources in many cases. They face Y2K problems both directly and indirectly through their suppliers, customers and financial institutions. As recently as last October the NFIB testified: ``A fifth of them do not understand that there is a Y2K problem. . . . They are not aware of it. A fifth of them are currently taking action. A fifth have not taken action but plan to take action, and two-fifths are aware of the problem but do not plan to take any action prior to the year 2000.'' Indeed, the Small Business Administration recently warned that 330,000 small businesses are at risk of closing down as a result of Y2K problems, and another 370,000 could be temporarily or permanently hobbled.  Federal and State government agencies have entire departments working on this problem. Utilities, financial institutions, telecommunications companies, and other large companies have information technology divisions working to make corrections to keep their systems running. They have armies of workers--but small businesses do not.  Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, from the city corner market to the family farm to the small-town doctor. In my home State of Vermont, 98 percent of the businesses are small businesses with limited resources. That is why it is so important to provide small businesses with the resources to correct their Y2K problems now.  Last month, I hosted a Y2K conference in Vermont to help small businesses prepare for 2000. Hundreds of small business owners from across Vermont attended the conference to learn how to minimize or eliminate their Y2K computer problems. Vermonters are working hard to identify their Y2K vulnerabilities and prepare action plans to resolve them. They should be encouraged and assisted in these important efforts.  This is the right approach. We have to fix as many of these problems ahead of time as we can. Ultimately, the best business policy and the best defense against Y2K-based lawsuits is to be Y2K compliant.  I am studying the Report from our Special Committee on the Year 2000 Technology Problem and thank Chairman Bennett and Vice Chairman Dodd for the work of that Committee. I note that they are just beginning their assessment of litigation. As they indicate in the Report released today: ``The Committee plans to hold hearings and work closely with the Judiciary and Commerce Committees to make legislative proposals in this area.''  I understand that the Special Committee is planning hearings on Y2K litigation soon. As best anyone has been able to indicate to me, only 52 Y2K-related lawsuits have been commenced to date. Of those, several have already been concluded with 12 having been settled and 8 dismissed.  At our Judiciary Committee hearing earlier this week we heard from a small businessman from Michigan who was one of the first Y2K plaintiffs in the country. He had to sue to obtain relief from a company that sold him a computer and cash register system that would not accept credit cards that expired after January 1, 2000 and crashed.  We also heard from an attorney who prevailed on behalf of thousands of doctors in an early Y2K class action against a company that provided medical office software that was not Y2K compliant.  Recent legislative proposals by Senator Hatch and by Senator McCain raise many questions that need to be answered before they move forward. I look to the hearings before the Special Committee and to additional hearings before the Judiciary Committee to gather the factual information that we need in order to make good judgments about these matters. We heard Monday of a number of serious concerns from the Department of Justice with these recent proposals. Those concerns are real and need to be addressed.  If we do not proceed carefully, broad liability limitation legislation could reward the irresponsible at the expense of the innocent. That would not be fair or responsible. Removing accountability from the law removes one of the principal incentives to find solutions before problems develop.  Why would congressional consideration or passage of special immunity legislation make anyone more likely to expend the resources needed to fix its computer systems to be ready for the millennium? Is it not at least as likely to have just the opposite effect? Why should individuals, businesses and governments act comprehensively now if the law is changed to allow you to wait, see what problems develop and then use the 90-day ``cooling off'' period after receiving detailed written notice of the problem to think about coming into compliance? Why not wait and see what solutions are developed by others and draw from them later in the three-month grace period, after the harm is done and only if someone complains?  I would rather continue the incentives our civil justice systems allows to encourage compliance and remediation efforts now, in advance of the harm. I would rather reward responsible business owners who are already making the investments necessary to have their computer systems fixed for Y2K.  I sense that some may be seeking to use fear of the Y2K millennium bug to revive failed liability limitation legislation of the past. These controversial proposals may be good politics in some circles, but they are not true solutions to the Y2K problem. Instead, we should be looking to the future and creating incentives in this country and around the world for accelerating our efforts to resolve potential Y2K problems before they cause harm.  I also share the concerns of the Special Committee that ``disclosure of Y2K compliance is poor.'' We just do not have reliable assessments of the problem or of how compliance efforts are going. In particular, I remain especially concerned with the Special Committee's report that: ``Despite an SEC rule requiring Y2K disclosure of public corporations, companies are reluctant to report poor compliance.'' I have heard estimates that hundreds if not thousands of public companies are not in compliance with SEC disclosure rules designed to protect investors and the general public.  I hope that the Special Committee will follow through on its announced ``plans to address certain key sectors in 1999 where there has been extreme reluctance to disclose Y2K compliance.'' We should not be rewarding companies that have not fulfilled their disclosure responsibilities by providing them any liability limitation protections.  On the contrary, after all the talk earlier this year about the importance of the rule of law, we ought to do more to enforce these fundamental disclosure requirements. As the Special Committee reports: ``Without meaningful disclosure, it is impossible for firms to properly assess their own risks and develop necessary contingency plans.  Disclosure is also important in the context of congressional oversight. The Special Committee will continue to promote this important goal in 1999.'' The Senate should do nothing to undercut this effort toward greater disclosure in accordance with law.  Sweeping liability protection has the potential to do great harm. Such legislation may restrict the rights of consumers, small businesses, family farmers, State and local governments and the Federal Government from seeking redress for the harm caused by Y2K computer failures. It seeks to restructure the laws of the 50 states through federal preemption. Moreover, it runs the risk of discouraging businesses from taking responsible steps to cure their Y2K problems now before it is too late.  By focusing attention on liability limiting proposals instead of on the disclosures and remedial steps that need to be taken now, Congress is being distracted from what should be our principal focus--encouraging Y2K compliance and the prompt remedial efforts that are necessary now, in 1999.  The international aspect of this problem is also looming as one of the most important. As Americans work hard to bring our systems into compliance, we encounter a world in which other countries are not as far along in their efforts and foreign suppliers to U.S. companies pose significant risks for all of us. This observation is supported by the Report of the Special Committee, as well. We must, therefore, consider whether creating a liability limitation model will serve our interests internationally.  The Administration is working hard to bring the Federal Government into compliance. President Clinton decided to have the Social Security Administration's computers overhauled first and then tested and retooled and retested, again. The President was able to announce on December 28 that social security checks will be printed without any glitches in January 2000. That is progress.  During the last Congress, I joined with a number of other interested Senators to introduce and pass into law the consensus bill known as ``The Year 2000 Information and Readiness Disclosure Act.'' We worked on a bipartisan basis with Senator Bennett, Senator Dodd, the Administration, industry representatives and others to reach agreement on a bill to facilitate information sharing to encourage Y2K compliance. The new law, enacted less than five months ago, is working to encourage companies to share Y2K solutions and test results. It promotes company-to-company information sharing while not limiting rights of consumers.  The North American Electric Reliability Council got a great response from its efforts to obtain detailed Y2K information from various industries. We also know that large telephone companies are sharing technical information over websites designed to assist each other in solving year 2000 problems. Under a provision I included, that law also established a National Y2K Information Clearinghouse and Website at the General Services Administration. That website is a great place for small businesses to go to get started in their Y2K efforts.  If, after careful study, there are other reasonable efforts that Congress can make to encourage more computer preparedness for the millennium, then we should work together to consider them and work together to implement them.  Legislative proposals to limit Y2K liability now pending before the Commerce and Judiciary Committees were printed in last Wednesday's Congressional Record. Given the significant impact these bills might have on State contract and tort law and the legal rights of all Americans, I trust that the Senate will allow all interested Committees to consider them carefully before rushing to pass liability limitation provisions that have not been justified or thoroughly examined.  The prospect of Y2K problems requires remedial efforts and increased compliance, which is what the ``Small Business Year 2000 Readiness Act,'' S.314, will promote. It is not an excuse for cutting off the rights of those who will be harmed by the inaction of others, turning our States' civil justice administration upside down, or immunizing those who recklessly disregard the coming problem to the detriment of their customers and American consumers.  