President, we have an adage: Where there is a will, there is a way. Often that seems to embody how legislation is passed by this Congress. Of course the question always is what is the will, and what is the way? We should look no further than the priority being put on two separate pieces of legislation: S. 254, the juvenile justice bill, and H.R. 775, the Y2K bill. If one looks at that, one sees how the will and the way work around here.  The Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill, S. 254, passed the Senate after 2 weeks of open debate, after a number of votes, and after significant improvements on May 20. The Senate passed it by a strong bipartisan vote of 73-25.  On June 17, the other body passed its version of this legislation but chose not to take up the Senate bill and insert its language, which is the standard practice. Nor has the Republican leadership in the House made any effort to seek a House-Senate conference or appoint conferees.  When there are differences in legislation passed by each House, the normal order is for House and Senate conferees to work these differences out in conference, but we cannot do that unless they appoint conferees.  The majority in the other body is taking a break even before our July 4 recess. They are taking no steps to proceed to conference on the juvenile justice bill or toward the appointment of conferees. Indeed, despite statements by the Speaker of the House earlier this week, the House majority leader is now reported to be planning to delay the completion of this bill for months. This delay is costing us valuable time in getting this juvenile justice legislation enacted before school resumes this fall. This is just plain wrong.  Every parent in this country is concerned this summer about school violence over the last two years and worried about the situation they will confront this fall. Each one of us wants to do something to stop this violence. There is no single cause and no single legislative solution that will cure the ill of youth violence in our schools or in our streets. But we have an opportunity before us to do our part. It is unfortunate that the majority is not moving full speed ahead to seize this opportunity to act on balanced, effective juvenile justice legislation.  We should not repeat the delays that happened in the last Congress on the juvenile justice legislation. In the 105th Congress, the Senate Judiciary Committee reported juvenile justice legislation in July 1997, but it was then left to languish for over a year until the very end of that Congress. In fact, serious efforts to make improvements to this bill did not even occur until the last weeks of that Congress, when it was too late and we ran out of time.  The experience of the last Congress causes me to be wary of this delay in action on the juvenile justice legislation this year. I want to be assured that a House-Senate conference on this legislation is fair, full, and productive.  At the end of the last Congress, the majority staged what appeared to be a procedural ambush to move a one-sided bill forward in a way that precluded full and open debate and amendment. I certainly hope that the current delay in action on this year's juvenile crime bill is not an attempt to concoct another procedure ambush.  We have worked hard in the Senate for a strong bipartisan juvenile justice bill. I will be vigilant in working to maintain this bipartisanship and to press for action on this important legislation. We know if we have the will, there is a way.  