 Mr. President, this amendment is intended to address the problem of youth violence with tough law enforcement initiatives at the Federal level, with assistance to State and local law enforcement, proven prevention programs for juvenile delinquency, and measures to keep guns out of the hands of children.  Many of the proposals in this amendment were part of a bill I introduced, along with Senator Daschle and other Democratic Members, last year in the Safe Schools, Safe Streets and Secure Borders Act of 1998. That was S. 2484. We have introduced it this year as S. 9.  These are carefully crafted proposals. They were not done as knee-jerk responses to the school shootings, or even the most bloody murders in Littleton. We talked with prosecutors and police officers and teachers and everybody else in putting these proposals together. The series of proposals in the amendment have been ready since last year, but this is our first opportunity to present them to the Senate for discussion and a vote. While these proposals predated the events at Columbine High School, it escapes nobody's notice that the events at the high school give them added urgency.  This amendment is part of the Democratic multipronged agenda for action that embraces tough and more aggressive law enforcement initiatives, plus those initiatives in our other amendments to help teachers, counselors, parents, and children with afterschoolprograms, with effective and proven school safety strategies and, of course, treatment programs for high-risk youth. It faces the reality that we live in a different world, not like when I was going to school, or when most of us in this Chamber went to school. It is a complex world and you do not attack the problems of it on just one front; you have to attack them on many.  We Democrats look forward to the Senate debating and taking action on proposals that can be enacted now and working over the long haul on additional structural remedies. No matter what legislation we pass this week, we also need long-term solutions to school violence. These solutions include getting smaller classrooms; smaller schools--not these schools that are cities in and of themselves where students don't even know each other and the teachers don't know them--helping parents spend more time supervising their children, realizing that is the bond that is often broken in today's society; and working constructively with the movie, television, and video game industries to adopt rating systems that parents can understand and use.  This law enforcement amendment is substantial and comprehensive. It has five separate parts. I will highlight a few of the important proposals in this amendment. It addresses some of the same subject matter areas as S. 254. I will highlight some of the differences in our approaches.  In the area of federalization, my amendment also proposes reforms in the Federal juvenile justice system. We do so without Federalizing run-of-the-mill juvenile offenses and ignoring the traditional prerogative of the States to handle the bulk of juvenile crime. Too often when we have talked about crime on the Senate floor in recent years, we basically have told the States, the State legislatures, State law enforcement, and State prosecutors, that they are irrelevant, that we will run everything out of Washington, and the Federal Government knows better. I don't believe that.  My proposal for reforming the Federal juvenile justice system heeds the advice of Chief Justice Rehnquist and the Federal judiciary and reflects the proper respect for our Federal system.  Let me explain. My amendment retains the provision in current law which establishes a clear presumption that the States should handle most juvenile offenders. S. 254 repeals that provision.  Furthermore, current law directs that most juveniles ``shall'' not be proceeded against in Federal court, unless the Attorney General certifies certain things--in most cases, that the State does not or refuses to exercise jurisdiction over the juvenile. Judges may review that certification to see whether the threshold for exercise of Federal jurisdiction has been met. S. 254 changes that.  As I mentioned in my statement yesterday, the bill before us gives conflicting signals. S. 254 contains one welcome change over S. 10 from the last Congress by requiring the Attorney General or the U.S. attorney, depending on the charge, to ``exercise a presumption in favor of referral'' of juvenile cases to the appropriate State or tribal authorities, where there is ``concurrent jurisdiction.'' But, in contrast to the law today, that certification is not reviewable by any court. My amendment would continue to permit such court review in most cases but not cases involving serious violence or drug offenses.  Because of the repeal of the important State presumption provision and the lack of review of the Federal prosecutor's decision to proceed against a juvenile federally, many rightly fear that the State prerogative to handle juvenile offenders will be undermined by this bill. My amendment would not do that. Basically, what I am saying is that we are not going to stand in the U.S. Senate and tell the 50 State legislatures that they are irrelevant and tell the prosecutors of the 50 States that they are irrelevant because 100 U.S. Senators know better and we can do it better from Washington.  Ironically enough, some of the same people who will vote for something that would take it away from the States and turn it over to Washington are the same ones who go back to their States and give great speeches about: We know better here in our State, and we don't need Washington to tell us what to do. And then they come up here time after time and vote to federalize cases that are being handled by the State courts and make irrelevant the State legislatures, State prosecutors, and State law enforcement. Sooner or later, some of those speeches are going to catch up with us and haunt us.  Our law enforcement officials should be proud of the decline of the violent crime rate and murder rate we have experienced since 1993, because it is largely due to their efforts and innovative programs like the COPS Program and community policing. There is nothing like seeing a police officer on the corner to make a criminal move on. We want that decline to continue, particularly in schools. Certainly, it does not take a criminologist to know that if you have the presence of the police, crime will go elsewhere, or not occur at all.  The strong bipartisan report for this proposal was demonstrated yesterday on passage of the amendment by Senator Gregg, which was cosponsored by Senator Boxer and myself. That amendment set up a new grant program with eligibility requirements to put cops in schools. The proposal in my amendment would expand the COPS Program and waive the matching non-Federal fund requirement to put more police in and around our schools.  My approach builds on a program with a proven track record. It is not a hypothetical. The States are familiar with it. We, at the State level, know how it works. This amendment extends grants to local law enforcement for other programs, such as rural drug enforcement and Byrne grant funding.  My amendment also provides, in section 124, funding for the juvenile State court prosecutors. Yesterday, the Senate passed the Hatch-Biden-Sessions amendment which authorizes $50 million per year for prosecutors. As I pointed out yesterday, this amendment does not authorize any additional money for judges, public defenders, counselors, or correctional officers. By leaving them out, you could end up exacerbating the backlog in the juvenile justice system rather than helping it, because it requires all those parts within the juvenile justice system to make it work.  In contrast to Hatch-Biden-Sessions, my amendment authorizes funding for ``increased resources to State juvenile court systems, juvenile prosecutors, juvenile public defenders, and other juvenile court system personnel.'' I hope that will be something my distinguished friend from Utah, the exemplary chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, might support.  We need to do more to protect our children from drugs. My drug amendment would increase certain penalties for drug sales to children or near schools or for using children in the illegal drug trade.  As terrible as it sounds, Mr. President, we see this--where children are being used in the drug trade and where they abuse children as runners for distributors. It is one of the cruelest, most cynical things that can be done.  We also establish juvenile drug courts that are modeled on the successful drug court programs for adults, because it gives special attention to supervision and treatment of offenders, and how to get them clean.  It doesn't do any good to simply prosecute a drug offender if they are going to come back out and be just as addicted. We should try to get them off their dependence on drugs.  Let's talk about guns. Everybody tiptoes around this Chamber when it comes to the question of guns. On the one hand, you have people who feel there should be no guns at all, who couldn't even conceive of handling a gun, to those who feel that everybody should walk around with their own arsenal. The reality is somewhere in between.  Growing up in Vermont in a rural State, I grew up with guns. I have owned guns from the time I was a youngster. I went through the usual gun safety courses, became a champion marksman in college, and, in fact, competed in schools all over the country, and still shoot competitive target shooting.  I also taught my two sons and my daughter how to use and enjoy guns safely. We have very strict rules, and still have very strict rules at our home in Vermont in using guns, or in target practice--a lot stricter rules than most gun clubs would have.  But having said all of that, every gun owner, or not, is sickened by the school shootings and the tragic murders of the young children and dedicated teachers.  We recognize we have to take steps to protect our children from gun violence--steps that might go beyond just one parent to their child. Nothing can substitute for parental involvement and supervision.  Let me emphasis that. Most of us know as parents that nothing substitutes for parental involvement and supervision. But we also know we can take constructive steps to keep guns out of the hands of children when they are not under that kind of parental involvement and supervision.  The statement of administration position on S. 254 points out that this bill does not include any provisions on guns, and that this should be part of the broad-based, comprehensive approach to juvenile crime.  This amendment contains a number of proposals to protect children from guns.  I ask Senators: Are you willing to stand up and vote for or against these proposals?  Let me tell you what you are going be voting on, that every Senator is going to determine whether they want to vote for it or against.  We ban the transfer to and possession by juveniles of assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition clips.  Are you for or against that?  We increase criminal penalties for transfers of handguns, assault weapons, and high-capacity ammunition clips to juveniles.  Senators are going to have to ask themselves when they vote on this: Are we for or against that provision?  We ban gun sales to persons who have violent crime records, even if those crimes were committed as juveniles.  Senators, are we for or against this provision?  We increase penalties for certain gun offenses involving minors.  Senators, are you for or against this provision?  We provide grants for the children's gun safety programs and for juvenile gun and youth violence courts with dissemination of model programs via Internet web sites.  Senators, are you for or against this provision?  We expand youth crime gun interdiction efforts in up to 250 cities by the year 2003.  Senators, are you for or against this provision?  We grant priority for tracing of guns used in youth crime, with increased Federal resources dedicated to the enforcement of firearm laws.  Senators, are you for or against this provision?  We have heard that this administration is not enforcing our gun laws. Let's stop the political mudslinging and ignoring of important facts and realize that as Americans we are in this together. The murder rate for juveniles rose sharply in the late 1980s and the early 1990s due to a rise in gun violence. Since then, with some strong programs by this administration, the murder rate is on the decline. In fact, juvenile murder and non-negligent manslaughter arrests declined almost 40 percent between 1993 and 1997.  According to the Justice Department, Federal enforcement has focused on serious firearm offenders. These prosecutions are up 30 percent from 1992--up 30 percent. Federal and State law enforcement are working together more and more resulting in a 25-percent increase in combined annual firearm prosecutions since 1992--a 25-percent increase. The violent crime rate has come down. The murder rate has come down. The prosecution of gun offenses has gone up.  Those are indisputable facts. But having said that, we should strive to improve enforcement of our gun laws. That is why my law enforcement amendment provides $100 million for the next 2 years dedicated to Federal firearm prosecutions.  It also establishes grant programs to replicate successful juvenile crime and truancy prevention programs, such as the program in Boston where they had a terrible, terrible slew of juvenile murders. They started this program and the murders stopped. We can replicate that in other cities.  As an aside, I strongly urge that those who prosecute cases involving weapons--be it at the Federal level or the State level--do what I did as a prosecutor. When I had a case involving a weapon of any sort--a gun, a knife, in a couple of instances a baseball bat--I sought, under our State law, a law that is similar to almost every State, an additional penalty for the use of a weapon. It can be anything that was used as a weapon in the commission of a crime. The word got around pretty quickly that if you used any kind of a weapon in a crime, assault, or burglary, or anything else, you were going to pay some additional penalty and you served additional time.  Finally, we commit resources and attention in this amendment to preventing juvenile crime with grant programs to youth organizations for supervised youth activities and afterschool programs.  The amendment would authorize spending $2 billion over the next 2 years on juvenile crime prevention and intervention.  Mr. President, everybody in law enforcement will tell you the same thing. The easiest crime to handle is the crime that never happened. And our crime prevention programs are modeled after what the police and others have told us work the best to prevent crimes.  I do not know and have never worked with a police officer who hasn't told me to help them prevent the crime from happening in the first place--juvenile crime especially. There are proven ways that work.  We are talking about spending billions and billions and billions of dollars more on the Kosovo crisis, along with the billions and billions and billions of dollars we spend in bombing Belgrade and elsewhere. Why don't we take a small part of that and invest it on our children, the safety of our children in a nation of a quarter of a billion people? Why not spend some money to protect our children within our own borders?  Similarly to S. 254, my amendment would reauthorize the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act. But in contrast to S. 254, my amendment preserves intact four core protections for youth in detention, but it also grants flexibility for rural areas.  We can come to the floor of the Senate and vote for feel-good proposals. We can pass resolutions condemning crime and violence--as though any Senator within this debate is for crime and violence; we are all against it. The reality is sometimes more difficult than the rhetoric. We need more than feel-good efforts. Parents and children in this country want concrete proposals. We give them those in this amendment.  As I said earlier, the question will be, Are Senators for or against them? We will have the vote and we will make that determination. These are proposals put together by Senators whose political philosophies go across the spectrum, by law enforcement officials who have testified and given Members their best analyses, by those who have run successful juvenile programs that have lowered juvenile crime and have stopped juvenile violence. We have put all this together. We have taken off any mantles of partisanship. These are proposals that we know work, not pie-in-the-sky but proven proposals.  The American people send Senators here to do a job, to pay taxes, to help parents seek a life where they do not have to fear for their children when they go to school, where parents do not have to fear for their children while they are at school, where there will be some control of juvenile violence. That is what is in this amendment.  How much time remains for the Senator from Vermont?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Smith of Oregon). Seven minutes 45 seconds.  