President, one of the singular most important issues facing us today is education. Affordable higher education is an opportunity that must be made available to all of our young people. To that end, public and private scholarships, grants and loans have long assisted our nation's students in pursuing college degrees.  Phony scholarship offerings, scams and frauds do great harm to our nation's students. No student seeking to attend a college or university should have to worry about whether a scholarship offering is legitimate or wonder whether the business to which he or she has mailed an application fee actually exists. I am glad to join in the effort of Senators Abraham and Feingold to add to the arsenal of our current laws to combat these types of frauds.  I commented at a Judiciary Committee hearing on this bill earlier this month that the goals of this legislation are laudable. We need to do more to combat scholarship scams and promote the dissemination of information about legitimate sources of higher education funding. Nevertheless, I raised questions about whether the original bill reflected the most effective way to pursue the goals we all share. I am pleased to join as a cosponsor of the substitute amendment that addresses the concerns I raised.  For instance, the original bill proposed raising the long-standing statutory maximum punishment of five years for mail and wire fraud to ten years in cases of scholarship scams. In light of the fact that scholarship scams often involve more than one victim and may result in multiple charges, raising the statutory penalties may not be necessary to effectuate punishment goals. I suggested that a more appropriate and effective solution to ensure adequate punishment may be to direct the Sentencing Commission to consider a guideline enhancement for cases involving fraudulent scholarship offerings. The substitute amendment makes this change and directs the Sentencing Commission to amend the sentencing guidelines to provide enhanced penalties for any offenses involving scholarship scams such that those penalties are comparable to the base offense level for misrepresentation that the defendant was acting on behalf of a charitable, educational, religious, or political organization, or a government agency. In effect, this amendment directs the Sentencing Commission to increase the guideline offense levels by 2 levels.  The substitute amendment is an improvement since it avoids complicating the wire and mail fraud statutes with different penalties depending on the nature of the underlying fraud.  The substitute amendment directs the Attorney General and the Secretary of Education, in consultation with the Federal Trade Commission to report to Congress on the nature and quantity of incidents of scholarship scams. This report will assist the Judiciary Committee in monitoring whether additional legislative steps are needed in this area.  The substitute amendment makes important improvements in the original bill, and I urge the Congress to pass this legislation promptly.  