President, this bill as presently drafted would preempt the consumer protection laws of each of the 50 states and restrict the legal rights of consumers who are harmed by Y2K computer failures.  Why is this bill creating new protections for large corporations while taking away existing protections for the ordinary citizen?  We all know that individual consumers do not have the same knowledge or bargaining power in the marketplace as businesses with more resources. Many consumers may not be aware of potential Y2K problems in the products that they buy for personal, family or household purposes.  Consumers just go to the local store downtown or in the neighborhood mall to buy a home computer or the latest software package. They expect their new purchase to work. But what if it does not work because of a Y2K problem?  Then the average consumer should be able to use his or her home state's consumer protection laws to get a refund, replacement part or other justice.  The liability limits in S. 96 would protect companies whose acts or omissions result in harm to consumers' products or services--even if those companies manufactured or sold products that they knew would fail when the date changes to the Year 2000.  Is that fair?  Let me give you a real life example of how an ordinary person might be harmed by this bill. In 1999, Joe Consumer buys a computer program and on the package is the claim: ``This software is guaranteed to serve you well for years to come.'' But in the fine print in the shrink wrap that comes with the software is a disclaimer of all warranties, either express or implied.  Joe Consumer's software package, that he brought in 1999, is not Y2K compliant. He calls and writes the software company to get it fixed but all he gets in response is a form letter telling him to buy the latest upgrade.  Under this bill, Joe Consumer would have to wait 90 days for his day in court and might not have a remedy at all.  Joe Consumer would normally be able to pursue justice based on a failure of the implied warranty of marketability of the software because it was not Y2K compliant. Or he would normally be able to pursue justice under his state consumer protection laws. And he normally would be able to pursue justice with other consumers harmed by this Y2K defective software on a fairer and more efficient class-action basis. But not under S. 96.  This bill says that the written contract prevails, even if it limits or excludes warranties. Enforceable written contracts under this bill would include the fine-print, boiler-plate language that is standard in the packaging of computer hardware or software.  A consumer does not have any power to negotiate this fine print, boiler-plate, shrink-wrap. This shrink wrap is all one sided in favor of the computer manufacturer. In fact, in some cases, computer manufacturers even try to take away the right of a consumer to go to court in the fine print of their shrink wrap. In addition, this bill would override the Uniform Commercial Code and all state laws that protect consumers by making certain warranty disclaimers unenforceable. The consumer protections in the U.C.C. and state law protect individual consumers from having unfair terms imposed on them by manufacturers of products with far greater economic power.  But this bill makes all state consumer protection laws null and void against the fine print terms of any computer manufacturer's shrink wrap. Maybe we should rename this bill, the ``Y2K Shrink Wrap Protection Act.''  Moreover, S. 96 would severely restrict the use of class actions by consumers even when common questions of fact and law predominate in their cases and the class action would be a fair and efficient method to resolving their dispute. The use of class actions in state courts permit consumers to band together to seek justice in ways that an individual could not afford to take on alone. These state laws were enacted to protect the average consumer.  But these basic consumer protections would be eliminated under this bill's Federal peremption provisions.  And no new Federal rights for consumers would replace these lost state consumer protections under this bill. That is not right.  My amendment uses the same consumer exclusion language in last year's Hatch-Leahy Year 2000 Information and Readiness Disclosure Act. My amendment contains the same definition of consumer and consumer product that was in that consensus measure, which passed the full Senate by a unanimous vote and was signed into law about seven months ago. Our bill become law because it was balanced, in sharp contrast to S. 96 as currently drafted.  I would hope the full Senate could agree to this amendment since it uses the same language that we agreed to last year on the Y2K information sharing law.  Last year, when we passed Y2K legislation to encourage remediation efforts, we clearly let stand existing consumer protections under state law. This same policy should apply to the pending legislation, which currently proposes to limit a consumer's legal rights even in cases involving fraud or other intentional misbehavior by product manufacturers or sellers.  In fact, the precedent for using last year's Year 2000 Information and Readiness Disclosure Act as a model for S. 96 have already been set. S. 96 includes an exclusion for governments acting in a regulatory, supervisory or enforcement capacity. The exact language in the bill was lifted from the Y2K information disclosure law of last year. I believe this government exception make sense, particularly for SEC enforcement actions, and improves the underlying bill.  Moreover, section 13(d) of S. 96 also explicitly provides that the protections for sharing information in our Y2K law shall apply to this bill.  If the protections for businesses from last year's Y2K information disclosure law are good enough for this bill, then the exclusion from last year's Y2K law for consumers should also be good enough for this bill. Last year's Y2K information disclosure law was a balanced measure in part because it protected consumers from its provisions. Adding the same consumer carve out by adopting my amendment would give balance to this one-sided bill.  Passing this amendment would improve the chances of S. 96 actually being signed into law by the President, instead of being vetoed as a bill that protects special interests at the expense of the average consumer. My amendment is supported by consumer rights associations including Consumers Union, Public Citizen, Consumers Federation of America, and the United States Public Interest Research Group. I ask unanimous consent that a letter from these consumer advocates in support of the Leahy amendment be printed in the Record at the end of my remarks.  