He was one of the leaders--in fact, oftentimes on the floor he was the leader--on these issues, including closing gun loopholes. I was looking forward to, and am looking forward to, his expertise and his work when we do get to conference. He and I are ready to go to conference. I am prepared to have him in there to help me in that conference, because these are major issues.  But at some time or another the American people expect us to vote one way or the other. Some Senators will vote against our position. Some House Members will vote against our position. Some will vote for it. I do not ascribe motives to them, but I say, that you either vote for or against something. You do not vote maybe. And the Congress is being forced to vote maybe.  This is a sharp contrast to the pace of action on the Y2K bill. The Y2K bill provides special legal protections to businesses. After earlier action in the House on H.R. 775, the Y2K liability limitations bill passed the Senate on June 15, 1999. That was about 1 month after the Senate passed the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill.  On June 16, the day after Senate action on the Y2K bill, the Senate asked for a House-Senate conference and appointed conferees. In fact, I am one of them. The House responded by agreeing to the conference and appointed its conferees a few days later, on June 24. Then we immediately went to conference. The conference met that same day, the same day the House appointed its conferees.  After a weekend break for extensive negotiations with the White House, the conference report on the Y2K liability limitations bill was filed yesterday, June 29. I expect the House and Senate will be taking up the conference report almost immediately, and the Y2K liability limitations bill will probably see final passage this week.  It is interesting that this is a business-lobbied-for issue and that thing zips through here; it zips through here at warp speed. I can almost see the legislative clerk saying: We want warp 5,Scottie. And, by golly, we are going to have it.  I should also note, this Y2K liability limitations bill is industry's second bite at the apple to gain protections against liability to customers and consumers. If all goes as expected, in less than a year's time, big business will have successfully lobbied for the passage of two major pieces of legislation to protect themselves against any accountability for actions or losses their products may cause to consumers.  Last year, I joined with Senator Hatch to introduce and pass into law a consensus bill known as the Year 2000 Information and Readiness Disclosure Act. This legislation passed both the House and the Senate by unanimous consent on October 8, 1998. When we took this action, requested last year, we acted in good faith, we acted in recognition of the fears of industry, but we did it in a balanced way that continued to protect consumers and the rights of all Americans. The House and Senate accepted that unanimously, and the White House signed it.  Notwithstanding that bipartisan piece of legislation, notwithstanding the unanimity we sought, we see this year where business fears are being reconstituted for the basis of greater and greater demands for special legal protections for potential Y2K defendants. Special business interests have come back to Congress with new demands, and there has been swift action.  But by contrast to this swift action to help business by limiting their potential liability in the Y2K bill at the expense of American consumers, in contrast to jumping immediately to do whatever the business lobby wanted, we find now that those who should be appointing conferees in the House are not doing that, they are dragging their feet on moving to appoint conferees on the juvenile justice bill.  The juvenile justice bill is not designed as a protection to businesses that may have made mistakes in the computers they sell to people. No. The juvenile justice bill is intended to make a difference in the lives of our children and our families. I guess children and families do not have the power and the lobbying clout that some of these major businesses do. I guess they do not have PACs. They do not give major contributions. They do not go to the big fundraisers. All they are, are families trying to raise their children and send them to school safely; so the House majority is not going to move rapidly on a juvenile justice bill.  As Senators, as House Members, as human beings, that should have been our No. 1 priority. We should have brought this to conference. We should have concluded it by now so that the new programs and protections for schoolchildren could be in place when school resumes this fall. At the rate we are going, we guarantee that children will be going back to school without the protections that three-quarters of the Members of the Senate, Democrats and Republicans alike, voted for; we guarantee that the promise we held out here in the Senate to protect the children who have to go to school, to protect their families, to protect this country, the promise we held out to them is a hollow promise, because the House of Representatives, and their leadership, the Speaker and the majority leader, are saying: We're not going to get to this bill; we're not going to have conferees.  