President, I hope that the leadership will soon bring up for a vote the conference report regarding the Satellite Home Viewers Act and the Patent Reform Act. This legislation passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 411-8. According to an informal whip count, if it came to a vote in the Senate, it would pass by something like 98-2, and no worse than 95-5. So we ought to bring it up for a vote.  I don't know when I have gotten so much mail on any subject as I have on satellite home viewing. If you come from a rural area, you know how important this legislation is. If we do not pass the Satellite Home Viewers Act, on December 31 hundreds of thousands--maybe millions--of satellite viewers will find that a number of their channels will be simply cut off, especially in rural areas.  So when we have something that could easily be passed, we ought to do it. The patent legislation is supported--the so-called Hatch-Leahy bill--by most businesses I know. It would be a tremendous step forward in helping us to be competitive with the rest of the world in our patent legislation. It is also the second time in history that we have lowered the cost of patent registration to the taxpayers. So I urge that when we have a piece of legislation like this, which has passed the House of Representatives 411-8, which would pass overwhelmingly in the Senate, that the Republican leadership bring it up. Passing this bill will give some aid to many businesses throughout the country, including some of the finest technological businesses in the world.  And on the satellite front, this bill will allow the many individuals who rely on satellite dishes because they live in rural areas to be able to continue to get their television.  I think of States like my own State of Vermont, such as the State of Montana, the State of Texas, the State of Wyoming, and the State of Nevada, to name a few, where because of our rural nature, people are very dependent on satellite dishes. These satellite dish owners are justifiably concerned that on December 31, many of their channels are going to go dead. We can stop that by passing this legislation this week.  The Satellite Home Viewers Act conference report will soon be before us. Itpassed overwhelmingly in the House, as it will here. I only know of two or three people who are opposed to it. That should not be enough to stop this bill.  In fact, I will join with the majority leader if he wants to bring the satellite bill up and instantly file cloture. I could get him the necessary signatures in 20 seconds. I can guarantee him that if it was necessary--and I hope that it would not be--to vote cloture, he would get far more than the 60 votes necessary for it; 90 to 95 Members of the Senate want to pass this. I hope the distinguished majority leader will allow it to come to a vote.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  