President, I say, with both the leaders on the floor, this is a matter that has had some discussion. I appreciate the discussions I have had with both my leader, the distinguished Democratic leader, and the majority leader of the Senate, the distinguished Senator from Mississippi. The distinguished senior Senator from Utah, Mr. Hatch, and I have also had lengthy discussions about this.  As I have stated before--I will not hold the floor here now because I know others are waiting to speak; I will speak on this later this afternoon--I do have a concern about the slow pace of nominations being confirmed, especially with those such as the Paez and Berzon nominations that have waiting years, not just weeks and months. We should be moving forward on those nominations, as well.  I have also received the assurance of the distinguished chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee that we will expedite, as much as possible, the hearing schedule and the executive session schedule of the Committee and that we will get more nominations promptly to the Executive Calendar.  One thing I have learned after 25 years here is that in the last few days of any session we suddenly find a lot can be done--provided items are available on the calendar. While it is a time, I am sure, to which the two leaders look forward with great anticipation--and they have a chance to earn a higher place in Heaven because their patience will be strained but they will not allow the strain to break them--I hope we will have a number of judges who might then be available to start the December, if not the January, sessions of their courts.  I know that Bruce Cohen, counsel on the Democratic side, and Manus Cooney, Senator Hatch's chief counsel on the Republican side, have been working hard to make progress on these matters.  I think this is a good step forward. I think it is a positive thing. But I hope the leader will be able to use his persuasion on the Republican side for Berzon and Paez. I know there are those who will not vote for them, but allow them to have an up-or-down vote.  I can assure the Democrat leader and I can assure the majority leader that I have canvassed this side of the aisle and there is no objection on the Democratic side--none whatsoever--to going forward with Berzon and Paez.  I know some Senators have told me on the other side they will vote against them. I have a number of Senators on the other side who say they will vote for them. We ought to give them the courtesy of the vote.  I know that requires scheduling and work, but I urge that upon the leadership. I want the leaders to know there is no objection on this side.  