President, first, I commend the distinguished Presiding Officer for his usual fairness, something I have expressed before. I say to my good friend from Utah that nobody would ever accuse you of being uptight. I don't know where you ever got that idea. The Senator from Utah and I have worked very closely on this and will continue to do so.  But on this particular amendment, I do have some grave concerns. When it was first brought up, I said on this floor that there were serious problems with it, as did the Senator from New York. The proponents basically told us we didn't know what we were talking about, and it was rammed through on basically a party-line vote.  The next day they came back and said: Oh, by the way, you were right. We're really sorry about that. We want to do it over again.  Well, in my religion we believe in redemption, and I assume that is at least partial redemption. But it shows what can happen if they could get away with it. It was going to go through, but it was discovered. The objections that the Senators from New York and New Jersey and I raised were heard, and so they came back.  Now, at the eleventh hour, the last minute, they come out with another amendment which still does not close loopholes and does nothing to stop what I have raised on this floor for several days now; and that is the question of doing away with State courts and Federal courts--basically a court-stripping bill.  The Senator from Utah is right when he says there should be bipartisan concern on juvenile justice. And I believe there is. But if he is worried about what is taking a lot of time--when we have all of these provisions, and when presented by Democrats they are all voted down on a party-line vote, and then the next day they are brought up in a Republican amendment and now they are OK--maybe we would do it a little bit quicker if we would vote on them irrespective of which side brought them up and be able to vote on them only once.  How much time do I have, Mr. President?  