President, this conference report on the Y2K liability protection bill is being roundly praised, but not universally. Not universally. And it should not be. This bill is worse than the bill the Senate passed only a few weeks ago. The conference report provides expanded legal protections, especially at the expense of consumers, and I believe it raises serious constitutional questions. I do not support it because it is an unjustified wish list for special interests that are or might become involved in Y2K litigation.  The conference report greatly expands the scope of the Senate-passed bill by amending this act to apply to a potential Y2K failure. In fact, section 4of the bill was amended during the conference to apply to the act's legal restrictions for a potential Y2K failure that could occur or has allegedly caused harm or injury before January 1, 2003. Let me ask, what is a potential Y2K failure? Nobody knows. I tell you this, over the next 4 years almost every lawsuit involving any technology issue could trigger the bill's special legal protections under this sweeping definition.  Once again, the majority is manipulating a key phrase to suit the wants of a special interest. The business lobby has inserted its own expanded definition of a Y2K action to broaden the scope of this bill. A House conferee observed when this expanded definition was first proposed last Thursday that it was an expansive definition that had been expressly rejected during House Judiciary Committee proceedings. It certainly was not accepted here. Lo and behold, like the ``Lady of the Lake'' rising, we find this comes out of the ether during the conference.  Not really even during the conference. In fact, that may be one reason the conference was never called to meet for a second time to go over the proposed conference report or to even vote on these matters, because it was easier to have matters not considered by the House or the Senate or the conference or voted on, but those that came from somewhere--not from us. But there they are.  In fact, after the first truncated meeting was adjourned and a possible follow up meeting was postponed Tuesday morning, the conference was never called back into public session to debate the proposal or even permit amendments to be offered and voted on. I predicted at the first and only preliminary meeting of the conference that I would not be allowed an opportunity to improve the bill by adding balance and protecting consumers, or at least even get a vote on it. I am sorry to report that I was correct. In fact, the conference report was filed without any follow up meeting or votes by the conference committee.  That is an interesting way of doing things. If we have a lobby that does not want something, like the juvenile justice bill that passed--they do not want it because they lost on the gun issues--why, it comes to a screeching halt: We are studying it, we are reviewing it, we want to deliberate this, we need to have time for votes, we have to have a conference and go thoroughly into it.  We have another lobby that says we want this Y2K bill: We do not like the bill that passed the Senate, and the House did not do enough for us. Will you throw a bunch of stuff in, don't vote on it, don't talk about it, don't have any procedure, just toss it in, because this is what we want, and, oh, by the way, we want it right now, we need it in a hurry.  This vagueness of a potential Y2K failure will also add to more future litigation instead of curbing it. From a bill that is supposed to deter frivolous litigation, this new, vague definition will produce more lawsuits and may give special legal protection to many more companies than the Senate-passed bill.  These special legal protections include: 90-day waiting period to file a lawsuit, heightened pleading requirements, duty to anticipate and avoid Y2K damages, overriding implied warranties under State law, proportionate liability, and many others. All these special legal protections still apply to small business owners and consumers in this so-called compromise. In fact, the bill, as presently drafted, would preempt consumer protection laws of each of the 50 States.  I have to ask: Why does this bill create new protections for large corporations while taking away existing protections for ordinary citizens? Maybe they do not have as much influence at the conference.  Many consumers may not be aware of potential Y2K problems in the products they buy for personal, family, or household purposes. They just go to the store and buy it and expect it to work. They are going to find a real surprise if there is something in there that does not work. One thing that will not work is the usual remedies they expect out of the consumer protection laws.  This bill as presently drafted would preempt the consumer protection laws of each of the 50 states and restrict the legal rights of consumers who are harmed by Y2K computer failures.  Why is this bill creating new protections for large corporations while taking away existing protections for the ordinary citizen? We all know that individual consumers do not have the same knowledge or bargaining power in the marketplace as businesses with more resources.  Many consumers may not be aware of potential Y2K problems in the products that they buy for personal, family or household purposes. Consumers just go to the local store or neighborhood mall to buy a home computer or the latest software package. They expect their new purchase to work. What if it does not, due to a Y2K problem?  Then the average consumer should be able to use his or her home state's consumer protection laws to get a refund, replacement part or other justice. But not under this bill.  The conference report also greatly expands the jurisdiction of the federal courts to consider Y2K cases under its class action provisions--now throwing Y2K cases into Federal court if a plaintiff seeks an award of punitive damages. Again, this expansion of the Senate-passed bill is unjustified.  It could be legal malpractice for an attorney not to seek punitive damages at the beginning of a case, when the complaint is filed and before discovery of all the facts has commenced. This provision makes no sense and may cause great harm.  Chief Justice Rehnquist and the Judicial Conference soundly rejected this approach months ago. The Judicial Conference found that shifting Y2K cases from state courts ``holds the potential for overwhelming the federal courts, resulting in substantial costs and delays.'' I wonder who pays for that. I bet it is us.  In addition, the Judicial Conference concluded ``the proposed Y2K amendments are inconsistent with the objective of preserving the federal courts as tribunals of limited jurisdiction.''  These views are shared by the state court judges, as reflected in the position of the Conference of Chief Justices. They note that these Y2K bills ``pose a direct challenge to the principles of federalism underlying our system of government.'' They describe these bills as ``radically'' altering the complementary role of the state and federal courts. The Chief Justices of our state courts remind us: ``The founding fathers created our federal system for a reason that Congress should be extremely reticent to overturn.''  I thought the Administration had also rejected this approach.  Mr. President, I suspect that the sweeping federal procedural and substantive changes to state law in this conference report will not pass constitutional muster when challenged. The conference report does not create a federal cause of action for Y2K lawsuits. Instead, the bill forces federal rules and liability protections on state-based claims and procedures. This will result in the dismissal of claims that might otherwise succeed under state law and clearly usurps the ability of state legislatures to make and enforce the laws for their citizens.  The conference report is an arrogant dismissal of the basic constitutional principle of federalism. Given the Supreme Court's recent rulings on the power of the States in relation to the Congress under our Constitution, I predict the Supreme Court will strike down this new law as unconstitutional.  We in Congress should not be tramping on the rights of the States to set the legal procedures for their courts and define the legal rights for their citizens.  On May 1, 1999, Assistant Attorney General Eleanor Acheson outlined the Department of Justice's views on this legislation. The Department of Justice concluded that: ``Because the McCain-Wyden-Dodd proposal modifies tort and contract law so as to reduce the liability of potential Y2K defendants, it reduces the incentive for potential defendants to avert Y2K failures. In a similar fashion, we do not believe that modifying the rules of liability that apply to meritorious tort and contract actions will deter frivolous Y2K claims, which by definition will be filed regardless of the rules of liability. Instead, the modification in the McCain-Wyden-Dodd bill seem more likely to curtail legitimate Y2K lawsuits.''  I agreed with the Department of Justice on May 1, 1999, when this letterwas written, and I agree with this letter today. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the full text of the Department of Justice's views as of May 1, 1999, be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  