President, on Monday, as so many others in this body, I was shocked to hear the news of the passing of my dear friend and our colleague, Senator John Chafee.  I spoke out at that time of the feelings that both my wife Marcelle and I have for John and for Ginny and for their family. I would like to expand on that just a little bit further on the floor of the Senate.  When I spoke first, it was off the floor. But John and I spent so much time in this body that I felt it would be only appropriate to say something here because I feel that it was an incredible privilege to have served with him. I know his presence is going to be missed greatly by everyone.  It still seems strange to stand on the Senate floor and see his desk with a black shroud on it and the flowers there--something that in my 25 years I have seen several times for colleagues. You always hope you will not see it because when you see it you know--whichever side of the aisle it is on--that you will miss a Member of this very special family. There are only 100 who are privileged to serve, at any one time, in this body representing a quarter of a billion people. We have respect for each other, affection for many.  I think in this case, when you hear what has been said by Senators on both sides of the aisle, you know the great affection and respect there is for John Chafee. And it is only natural. He was a truly extraordinary man. He dedicated his life to serving his State of Rhode Island and his country. He did so with a commitment that yielded many benefits to all Americans, way beyond Rhode Island or New England.  He had a distinguished military career. He never questioned when duty called, even when it was at his own personal expense. He left Yale University as an undergraduate to serve in World War II. He returned to active duty in Korea shortly after receiving a law degree from Harvard. His contribution to Rhode Island and our country continued as Governor of his State, as Secretary of the Navy, and as a Senator.  The list of positions he held indicates a man of rare qualities. But what he did in those positions is what places John amongst the finest Americans to have served in the Senate. He was passionate about issues, but he had the unique ability to search for compromise among otherwise divided colleagues. He never seemed to lose sight of the fact that the Senate was working toward a common good, not an individual one.  From taking the office of Governor in 1962, in a largely Democratic State, to his four terms in the Senate, John Chafee showed the country he was willing to look past party lines and see what was at the heart of the issue at hand.  He made so many significant, visible and invisible, contributions to the Senate in the 24 years he served in this body. I was privileged to serve with him in each of those years. He was a tireless advocate of the environment, becoming the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee in 1994. He was a staunch supporter and advocate of many of the most important environmental protection laws that have been passed, including the Clean Air Act of 1990. He was always one of the strongest voices behind the protection of our wetlands, as well as the need to stop global warming from further progression.  I remember our latest legislative effort together on the so-called takings legislation, when John and I took to the Senate floor defending the rights of States and local officials to make their own decisions about their communities. I am sure many in the Senate probably grew tired as the two of us reminisced about New England character and the landscape we love so much. At times during that debate I thought the Chambers of Commerce of Rhode Island and Vermont should probably have hired us for all the things we were saying, but we made our point.  In health care, John was an advocate of compromise. His efforts to strengthen Medicare and Medicaid were actually seen as trying to appease Republicans and Democrats alike. What he was trying to do was to bring us together, because in every bend of the road, John was an advocate of serving his country to the very best of his ability. And he was successful in that every day of his life.  I think of arms control issues in the 1980s. John Chafee, John Heinz, Dale Bumpers--I remember working with them. We were sometimes referred to as the ``Gang of Four'' as we worked to bring reason to the nuclear arms race, even though we spanned the political spectrum among us. But as a veteran, as a decorated veteran, as a respected veteran, as a respected former Secretary of the Navy, John was not only an inspirational strategist in the ``Gang of Four'' but also an important resource of knowledge about the needs of an operationally effective nuclear triad.  So all of us have lost a beloved friend, one who will be missed dearly in the Senate. But the country should know the country suffered a great loss. Here was a man whose outlook and morals were of the highest standard. That should be something Senators in the present and the future should emulate. He was an anchor of civility for the Senate.  It is interesting that both he and my distinguished predecessor, as the senior Senator from Vermont, Bob Stafford, served as chairmen of the Environment Committee--both bringing those New England characteristics of civility in working for the better good.  Marcelle's and my thoughts and prayers are with Ginny and the rest of the Chafee family; and also with John Chafee's staff, who are among the finest people here--his extended family.  He will be missed. It was a privilege for the 99 remaining Senators to have served with him. And I think all 99 know that.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  