President, the Chairman and I have been able to put together a managers' amendment and a package of amendments that improve S. 254 in a number of ways that should please Members from both sides of the aisle. We have accomplished this task by finding the middle ground, and the bill will be a better one for it.  I said last week during the Senate's consideration of this bill that we should not care whether a proposal comes from the Republican or Democratic side of the aisle. A good proposal that works should get the support of all of us. Our first question should be whether a program or proposal will help our children effectively, not whether it is a Democratic or Republican proposal.  This managers' amendment and package of amendments reflects that philosophy. It shows that when this body rolls up its sleeves and gets to work, we can make significant progress. I commend the Chairman for his leadership in this effort and I am glad we were able to work together constructively to improve this bill.  Many Members had good additions and modifications to make to this bill, and we have agreed to accept them in the managers' package of amendments.  In addition to the amendments included in the package, the chairman and I have worked together on a managers' amendment to address a number of my longstanding concerns with the underlying bill. Let me explain what those changes accomplish.  I noted my concern at the beginning of this debate that the State prerogative to handle juvenile offenders would be undermined by this bill. The changes we made to the underlying bill in the managers' amendment satisfies my concerns. For example, S. 254 as introduced would repeal the very first section of the Federal Criminal Code dealing with ``Correction of Youthful Offenders.'' This is the section that establishes a clear presumption that the States--not the federal government--should handle most juvenile offenders--18 U.S.C. section 5001. While the original S. 254 would repeal that provision, the managers' amendment retains it in slightly modified form.  In addition, the original S. 254 would require Federal prosecutors to refer most juvenile cases to the State in cases of ``concurrent jurisdiction . . . over both the offense and the juvenile.'' This language created a recipe for sharp lawyering. Federal prosecutors could avoid referral by simply claiming there was no ``concurrent'' jurisdiction over the ``offense'' due to linguistic or other differences between the federal and state crimes. Even if the juvenile's conduct violated both Federal and State law, any difference in how those criminal laws were written could be used to argue they were different offenses altogether. This was a huge loophole that could have allowed federal prosecutors to end-run the presumption of referral to the State.  We fix this in the managers' amendment, and clarify that whenever the federal government or the State have criminal laws that punish the same conduct and both have jurisdiction over the juvenile, federal prosecutors should refer the juvenile to the State in most instances.  Finally, I was concerned that, contrary to current law, a federal prosecutor's decision to proceed against a juvenile in federal court would not be subject to any judicial review. The managers' amendment would permit such judicial review, except in cases involving serious violent or serious drug offenses.  Another area of concern has been the ease with which S. 254 would allow federal prosecutors to prosecute juveniles 14 years and older as adults for any felony.  While I have long favored simplifying and streamlining current federal procedures for trying juveniles, I believe that judicial review is an important check in the system, particularly when you are dealing with children. S. 254 included a ``reverse waiver'' proposal allowing for judicial review of most cases in which a juvenile is charged as an adult in federal court. I had suggested a similar proposal last year. The managers' amendment makes important improvements to that provision.  First, S. 254 gives a juvenile defendant only 20 days to file a reverse waiver motion after the date of the juvenile's first appearance. This time is too short, and could lapse before the juvenile is indicted and is aware of the actual charges. The managers' amendment extends the time to make a reverse waiver motion to 30 days, which begins at the time the juvenile defendant appears to answer an indictment.  Second, S. 254 requires the juvenile defendant to show by ``clear and convincing'' evidence that he or she should be tried as a juvenile rather than an adult. This is a very difficult standard to meet, particularly under strict time limits. Thus, the managers' amendment changes this standard to a ``preponderance'' of the evidence.  As initially introduced, S. 254 would require juvenile criminal records for any federal offense, no matter how petty, to be sent to the FBI. This criminal record would haunt the juvenile as he grew into an adult, with no possibility of expungement from the FBI's database.  The managers' amendment makes important changes to this record requirement. The juvenile records sent to the FBI will be limited to acts that would be felonies if committed by an adult. In addition, under the managements' amendment, a juvenile would be able after 5 years to petition the court to have the criminal record removed from the FBI database, if the juvenile can show by clear and convincing evidence that he or she is no longer a danger to the community. Expungement of records from the FBI's database does not apply to juveniles convicted of rape, murder, or certain other serious felonies.  Much of the debate over reforming our juvenile justice system has focused on how we treat juvenile offenders who are held in State custody. The Federal government for years has required States, in order to qualify for certain grant funds, to provide certain core protections, including separating juveniles from adult inmates, keeping status offenders out of secure facilities, and focusing prevention efforts to reduce disproportionate confinement of minority youth.  In the last Congress, S. 10 either eliminated or gutted each of these core protections. The chairman and Senator Sessions significantly improved S. 254 in this regard, and I commend them for that. The managers' amendment continues to make progress on the ``sight and sound separation'' protection and the ``jail removal'' protection.  Specifically, the managers amendment would make clear that when parents in rural areas give their consent to have their children detained in adult jails after an arrest, the parents may revoke their consent at any time. In addition, the judge who approves the juvenile's detention must determine it is in the best interests of the juvenile, and may review that detention--as the judge must periodically--in the presence of the juvenile.  The managers' amendment also clarifies that juvenile offenders in rural areas may be detained in an adult jail for up to 48 hours while awaiting a court appearance, but only when no alternative facilities are available andappropriate juvenile facilities are too far away to make the court appearance or travel is unsafe to undertake.  The managers' amendment contains a significant improvement in the sight and sound separation requirement for juvenile offenders in both Federal and State custody. S. 254 has been criticized for allowing ``brief and incidental'' proximity between juveniles and adult inmates. This amendment fixes that by incorporating the guidance in current regulations for keeping juveniles separated from adult prisoners. Specifically, the managers' amendment would require separation of juveniles and adult inmates and excuse only ``brief, inadvertent or accidental'' proximity in non-residential areas, which may include dining, recreational, educational, vocational, health care, entry areas, and passageways.  I am pleased we were able to make this progress. I appreciate that a number of Members remain concerned, as do I, about how S. 254 changes the disproportionate minority confinement protection in current law. This will be an important debate, and I continue to believe we should support an amendment intended to correct that part of S. 254.  S. 254 includes a $200 million per year Juvenile Delinquency Prevention Challenge Grant to fund both primary prevention and intervention uses after juveniles have had contact with the juvenile justice system. I and a number of other members were concerned that in the competition for grant dollars, the primary prevention uses would lose out to intervention uses in crucial decisions on how this grant money would be spent.  With the help of Senator Kohl, we have included in the managers' amendment a clear earmark that 80 percent of the money, or $160 million per year if the program is fully funded, is to be used for primary prevention uses and the other 20 percent is to be used for intervention uses. Together with the 25-percent earmark, or about $112 million per year if that program is fully funded, for primary prevention in the Juvenile Accountability Block Grant that was passed by the Senate in the Hatch-Biden-Sessions amendment, this bill now reflects a substantial amount of solid funding for primary prevention uses.  I expressed some concern when the Senate passed the Hatch-Biden-Sessions amendment authorizing $50 million per year for prosecutors and different kinds of assistance to prosecutors to speed up prosecution of juvenile offenders. I pointed out that this amendment did not authorize any additional money for judges, public defenders, counselors, or corrections officers. The consequence would be to only exacerbate the backlog in juvenile justice systems rather than helping it.  The managers' amendment fixes that by providing $50 million per year available in grant funds to be used for increased resources to State juvenile court judges, juvenile prosecutors, juvenile public defenders, and other juvenile court system personnel.  I mentioned before that S. 254 includes a sense-of-the-Senate resolution urging States to try juveniles 10 to 14 years old as adults for crimes, such as murder, that would carry the death penalty if committed by an adult--the resolution does not urge the death penalty for such children. While Vermont is probably one of the few States that expressly allows for the trial of juveniles 10 years and older as adults for certain crimes, I do not believe that this is a matter on which the Senate must or should opine. The managers' amendment correctly deletes that sense-of-the-Senate from the bill.  These improvements to S. 254 in both the managers' amendment and in the managers' package of amendments make this bill worthy of our support, and I am glad to do so.  The chairman and I have agreed that Members from both sides of the aisle had good additions and modifications to make to this bill, and we have agreed to accept them in the managers' amendment. Let me give some examples of amendments we have agreed to incorporate into the bill.  Senators Landrieu and Schumer proposed amendments to the Juvenile Delinquency Prevention Challenge Grant program to help abused, foster, and adopted children so they will not fall through the cracks and become at-risk for delinquency;  Senator Durbin sponsored an amendment to help schools use caller-ID to deal with bomb threats;  Senator Feingold sponsored an important amendment to clarify the intent requirement in the new gang crime so it has a better chance of withstanding a constitutional challenge;  Senators Sessions, Robb, Allard, and Byrd joined together on an amendment to authorize a national hotline for confidential reporting of people who have threatened school violence. This important proposal was first proposed by Senator Robb in a more comprehensive amendment that was tabled in a party line vote;  Senators Kohl, Biden, Dorgan, Dodd, and others from both sides of the aisle, including Senator Hatch, have made a number of good proposals for prevention and intervention of juvenile crime.  