President, the Senate has considered S. 254 for portions of five days. The first day we were prevented from offering any amendments until almost 3 p.m. in the afternoon. When I tried to offer a first Democratic amendment, the underlying amendment to which it was offered was withdrawn and we started all over. Finally, we were able to offer amendments alternating back and forth across the aisle.  Three amendments were debated and voted on Tuesday evening and my lawenforcement amendment was offered and left pending overnight. On Wednesday we continued to offer amendments on an alternating basis through the day and voted on four more amendments.  The Senate fell into a pattern of tabling amendments offered by Democrats only to see those amendments come back as Republican sponsored amendments that were then adopted. Thus, after rejecting the Leahy law enforcement amendment we saw an amendment offered by Senator Ashcroft to add back several of its measures and had the McCain amendment on these same matters offered and withdrawn.  Unquestionably the Senate hit a real snag on this bill when it rejected, on a virtual party line vote, the Lautenberg amendment and we saw first the Craig amendment and then Hatch-Craig II seeking to reclaim ground on the gun show amendment. Senator Schumer and I tried to point out problems with the Craig amendment only to be told that we were wrong on Wednesday night and right the morning after the amendment was adopted.  On Wednesday the Senate had under consideration eight amendments through the day and voted on four of those. On Thursday the Senate voted on four more amendments and debated the Schumer Internet gun amendment and Hatch-Craig II on gun shows.  On Friday, despite the plans of many Senators to travel to the Balkans and others to be away on other business, we continued debating and voting. There were two additional votes and six additional amendments were offered for debate with votes to be scheduled this week.  It was also on Friday that the Majority Leader attempted to leave this juvenile crime bill and move off onto other matters. By my calculation, it was after the Senate had been permitted only the equivalent of three days on the juvenile crime bill spread over the course of four calendar days. If I recall correctly, the Senate spent almost that amount of time, a couple of years ago, renaming Reagan National Airport.  Indeed, the Majority Leader filed cloture on his motion to proceed to S. 96 immediately after moving to proceed back to that bill and abandon Senate efforts on the juvenile violence legislation. It is that vote that is now approaching. It is that vote that will determine whether we abandon our effort to craft a juvenile violence bill or not. I urge all Senators to stay the course and not abandon this effort.  Rather I would urge that we adopt the words of the Majority Leader from Friday when he said: ``Give it a reasonable time, give it full debate, have reasonable amendments, and then vote.''  No one can seriously claim that Democrats are being dilatory or filibustering this bill. We have proceeded promptly from the moment the Majority Leader called it up for debate and proceeded to offer amendments from the earliest opportunity. I marvel at comments by the sponsors of the bill that it should have been passed with one day's consideration.  The fact is that the bill was not the product of Judiciary Committee action but was introduced by the Majority Leader and the Chairman and five other Republicans from the Judiciary Committee this January and placed directly on the Senate calendar. The sponsors objected to its being referred to the Judiciary Committee and thereby prevented it.  It has sat on the Senate Calendar since January, without hearings, without an opportunity to be considered by the Judiciary Committee, and without any opportunity for any Democrats to offer improvements or amendments to it.  It should not go unnoticed that in spite of the fact that they drafted the bill, so far Republican cosponsors of the bill have sponsored 10 of the 13 Republican-offered amendments to it--the bill's sponsors have sponsored 10 of the Republican amendments so far. It is disingenuous for Republicans to seek leave to revise, reedit and amend their own bill and deny Democrats a fair opportunity to help shape that legislation through the amendment process. How about a commensurate opportunity for others to offer amendments to that work product, too?  The Senate last week had 13 roll call votes on amendments, Senator Hatch accepted one and the Senate accepted one on a voice vote after a tabling motion failed. We have adopted seven amendments by roll call votes, including the two Craig amendments, and tabled five amendments by roll call votes. We were making progress on the bill and I was gratified to hear the encouraging words of the Majority Leader on Thursday.  By last Friday, we had whittled the 89 likely Democratic amendments down by almost half and we have continued working to reduce them. On Friday we reached agreement on a finite list of possible amendments of which there were over 40 reserved not for Democrats but for Republicans.  I have been working on a managers' package with Senator Hatch and believe that one should be ready to be accepted today that will go a long way toward reducing the remaining amendments on both sides and clearing the way to concluding Senate action on this measure. I hope that Senator Hatch will continue to work with me to offer that package without further delay.  After acceptance of that managers' amendment, I expect the remaining Democratic amendments will number less than a dozen, probably less than 10, and maybe less than that. Thus, if all the Democrats in the Senate could just have the opportunity to offer a number of amendments equal to the number of amendments offered so far by three of the original Republican sponsors of the bill, that would likely conclude Senate consideration of the bill and we could move to a vote on final passage.  From all that Senator Hatch has been saying since Sunday, after offering amendments on Friday and Monday, the Republican side has only another three amendments to offer. It would be a shame for the majority to pull the bill now.  In spite of the filing of the Republican motion to pull this bill and move back to the Y2K bill that was debated last month, Democrats have continued offering amendments, when permitted by the Republican majority. Unfortunately, Republican objection last Friday prevented Senator Lautenberg from offering his amendment in an effort to get a final vote on the language to be used in the context of gun show sales after Hatch-Craig II modified that language for a second time. I trust that there will be progress on that front today as we proceed and that other Democratic amendments will be allowed to be offered.  It is my understanding that the next two amendments to be offered should be Democratic amendments, since we concluded Monday's session with two Republican amendments in a row.  To date, after the filing of the cloture petition to end action on the juvenile violence bill and move off it and back to a debate on Y2K liability protection for certain businesses, there have been 13 amendments offered and now pending and awaiting Senate votes. As many amendments were offered on Friday and Monday as were voted upon on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. It is hard to see how anyone could say that we are not making progress and not making a strong good faith effort on this measure.  Let me put this debate in its proper context. In the last Congress, the Judiciary Committee considered S. 10, a juvenile crime bill, and the predecessor to this measure. When Senator Hatch refers to years of work on S. 254, he is referring to the work we did to improve S. 10 in the last Congress. The Judiciary Committee met on six separate occasions to consider 52 amendments to S. 10--40 amendments were adopted by unanimous consent and 12 amendments were considered by roll call votes.  As I have noted, the bill before us today, S. 254, was never considered by the Senate Judiciary Committee. The sponsors bypassed the Judiciary Committee. Democrats never had the chance in Committee to debate it, to offer amendments to S. 254 or to improve it. Is it any wonder that Democrats have amendments to this bill and would like an opportunity to be heard on the important subject of juvenile violence? Democrats' first opportunity to improve this bill is during this Senate floor debate.  Also recall that when Democrats were in the majority and Republicans in the minority in 1994, there was a rather full debate on crime legislation.The Senate considered the 1994 crime bill for 12 days over three weeks, and considered 99 amendments to the 1994 crime bill.  Let us keep focused on the task of completing consideration of this juvenile violence bill without moving the Senate off onto other matters and abandoning this important effort. Does anyone really believe that the consideration of liability limited Y2K legislation is more important this month than completing Senate action on a juvenile violence bill? I urge a no vote on the Republican cloture motion and ask Republicans then to join with Democrats to continue to work to complete action on the juvenile violence bill.  We are improving the bill by means of this Senate debate. Senator Hatch and I are agreeing to include suggestions from Senators from both sides of the aisle in a managers' amendment that should be accepted today. We have made and are making excellent progress. The Senate should be allowed to complete its work on this important legislation.  We were pleased when the Majority Leader honored his commitment, made during the previous Senate debate on the Y2K bill, S. 96, to take up this measure as a vehicle for youth violence amendments. It would be ironic if we now abandoned that effort to return for a second time to the debate on Y2K legislation before being given an opportunity to complete action on this measure. The Senate should reject cloture on the motion to pull the juvenile violence bill and continue our important work on this measure.  Mr. President, we have not spent a great deal of time on the juvenile crime bill. I think we spent the same amount of time renaming the National Airport. We spent only a fraction of the time on the last crime bill when the Democrats controlled the Senate because of the time taken by the Republican side. There were 99 amendments on that crime bill, I point out.  The fact of the matter is that we can pass a good juvenile crime bill or we can give into a powerful lobby.  I have been a gun owner since I was 14. I trained my children in the use of guns. I come from the only State in the Union with no gun control laws, but I tell you right now my duty is first and foremost to the Senate, not to a gun lobby. I believe Senators should determine the schedule on this bill, not the gun lobbies. Senators should vote this bill up or vote it down, not have it withdrawn at the behest of any lobby, even one as powerful as the gun lobby.  We worked all weekend--all weekend--and we have removed most of the amendments pending.  I point out that so far the Republicans who cosponsored the bill, sponsored 10 of the 13 Republican amendments to this bill. We have taken longer to vote on at least one amendment to accommodate Senators who were out, some for a fundraiser, than we did on the debate on that amendment.  We reached on Friday an agreement on a finite list of possible amendments. We have a possible managers' package that could do this. We can finish this bill. I think if we want to do the actual work, we will get it done.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  