President, the Judiciary Committee is about to achieve an end-of-the-session high technology sweep that comes on the heels of landmark Internet and intellectual property reforms that our committee achieved in the 105th Congress.  Others are observing that this is the most productive and forward-looking two years of achievement in updating intellectual property laws of this or any previous era. I believe they are right.  We may never have another such set of opportunities where we are able to provide so many benefits to consumers, innovators and to the high technology innovators in the business community in such a short span of time.  In one fell swoop we are providing consumers with local-into-local television, protecting patent terms, spurring innovation and enhancing electronic commerce and protecting trademarks.  One of the challenges we face at this early stage of the Information Age is to bring the order of intellectual property law to the Wild West of the Internet and to other burgeoning information technologies. That challenge is at the heart of these three bills.  I want to make just a couple points about each of them. The patent bill is long overdue. It will put American innovations on a more equal footing with European and Japanese inventors. It also helps protect inventors against invention promotion scams and against needless PTO delay in approving patents.  The anti-cybersquatting bill protects merchants who want to be able to control where their names and brands are being displayed and protect them from abuse. More than 200 years ago Ben Franklin said that a person's honor and good name is like fine china--easily broken but impossible to mend. This is still the case today and the bill protects the rights of trademark holders against malicious abuse. It arms on-line merchants and consumers with new tools to derail these ``squatters'' who try to create bad waves for honest cybersurfers.  And then there is the satellite bill, which is a charter for a new era of television service competition that will benefit consumers in several tangible ways. It sets the stage for the first real head-to-head competition between cable and satellite TV that will be a brand new experience for hundreds of communities.  It will contribute a new unifying influence and greater sense of community in states like Vermont, where citizens in most of the state for the first time will have access to all Vermont stations. It will avert further waves of programming cutoffs to satellite TV customers, including what would have been the largest cutoff of all, in December.  The satellite bill will, over time, mean that some families will be able toget local network television for the first time ever. I believe that making local television signals available throughout much of a state will be a unifying force and enhance public participation in state and community issues. It will remove the artificial isolation caused by mountain ridges or distance from broadcast towers. It will also prevent these infuriating and seemingly mindless cutoffs and promote direct head-to-head competition with cable.  We have had some major bumps in the road in getting here with these three bills.  I want to mention the rural satellite TV provisions. I know that we had preliminary discussions about this six months ago and that Department of Agriculture attorneys and program experts met with our staffs to go over the details months ago.  I proposed that USDA handle this loan guarantee program because they have 50 years of experience with financing rural telephone and rural electric cooperatives. Vast areas of this nation were able to get electric and telephone service solely because of these programs.  It is hard to believe in this day and age, but thousands of Americans still remember when these USDA loan programs gave them electricity for the first time.  I am disappointed that the final bill does not include this provision that we worked on--but I am pleased that the Senate leaders have worked out an arrangement with us so that this matter will be resolved early next year.  Without this loan guarantee program I am convinced that rural areas--75 percent of the U.S. landmass--might not receive local-into-local satellite TV until 10 or 20 years after urban areas do.  Another major hurdle concerned a request by AOL and YAHOO for changes to the bill. This concerned whether or not they should receive a compulsory license to show regular TV programming over the Internet. Chairman Hatch and I resolved this by agreeing to have hearings on this important matter of convergence of technology and the protection of copyrighted material--converging TV, data, telephone, messages and other transmissions through broadband technologies while protecting ownership rights to copyrighted material.  A third bump in the road was over the GAO study Senator Hatch and I proposed of current practices regarding the patent protection for business methods resulting from the State Street case. In the end, we took out that language but agreed that we would ask the GAO to look into this for us. This issue will test the limits of what is proper subject matter to be patented and what is not. I can easily see Senator Hatch and I having more than one hearing on this issue.  So here we are in the death throes of this session of Congress. It is satisfying to know that some of the farthest-reaching achievements of this session are the products of the work of the Judiciary Committee, and of my partnership with Chairman Hatch.  I am delighted that as Conferees on the satellite bill that we have been able to put this complex and important legislation, which originated with the Hatch-Leahy Satellite Home Viewers Improvements Act in the Senate, into final form.  We worked closely with a number of Senators and members of the other body on this important legislation. Any time that you work with four Committees in a Conference there are a lot of members and staff who do very creative and important work late into the night, night after night after night.  I want to single out just a few staff even though I know I am leaving out many who deserve equal praise. Shawn Bentley with Chairman Hatch displayed enormous poise and breath of knowledge regarding satellite TV issues. He balanced, as did his Chairman, a variety of complex issues very carefully and very well.  Troy Dow similarly was extremely helpful regarding patent and cybersquatting issues and deserves a great deal of credit.  I want to also thank Ed Barron of my staff regarding the satellite TV and patent bills and Beryl Howell on cybersquatting. They both worked very diligently on these and other issues and did a great job.  Subcommittee Chairman DeWine and ranking Member Kohl were also Conferees, along with Senator Thurmond, and played a major role regarding satellite TV issues.  This bill will provide viewers with more choices and will greatly increase competition in the delivery of television programming, while ensuring minimal interference with the free market copyright system that serves our country so well.  For years I have raised concerns about the lack of competition with cable TV and escalating cable rates. This bill will allow satellite TV providers to compete directly with cable in offering local stations and will give consumers a wider range of choice. It also protects local TV affiliates while postponing certain cutoffs of satellite TV service.  Most promisingly, the bill will permit local TV signals, as opposed to distant out-of-state network signals, to be offered to viewers via satellite. Vermont is a state in which satellite dishes play a very important role, and I know that Vermont viewers eagerly await the day when their local stations will be available by satellite.  It is absurd for home dish owners--whether they live in Vermont, Utah, or California--to have to watch network stations imported from distant states instead of local stations. They should have a choice. I expect the satellite industry to do everything in its power to extend local-to-local coverage beyond the biggest cities and into important smaller markets such as those in Vermont, and the satellite industry should not expect further Congressional largesse if it fails to do so.  One satellite company called Capitol Broadcasting has already committed to serve Vermont once its spot beam technology satellites have been launched and other technological requirements have been put in place. I am counting on that happening over the next two or three years.  I was very pleased to have met with the moving force behind Capitol Broadcasting--Jim Goodmon. This company was formed by his grandfather, A. J. Fletcher, in 1937. Under Jim Goodmon's management, Capitol Broadcasting has expanded into satellite communications, the Internet and high definition television. In April, Jim received the Digital Television Pioneer Award from Broadcasting and Cable magazine. One of their stations, CBC, was the first broadcaster to transmit a high definition television digital signal. I look forward to helping inaugurate their local-into-local service into Vermont.  I expect that others will compete in Vermont. I understand the EchoStar, under its CEO, Charlie Ergen, and DirecTV, are also looking at providing service to Vermont.  Providing local TV stations to Vermont dish owners will lead to head-to-head competition between cable and satellite TV providers which should lead to more services for Vermonters at lower prices. Also, the bill will allow households who want to subscribe to this new satellite TV service to receive all local Vermont TV stations over the satellite.  The goal is to offer Vermonters with more choices, more TV selections, but at lower rates. In areas of the country were there is this full competition with cable providers, rates to customers are considerably lower.  Over time this initiative will permit satellite TV providers to offer a full selection of all local TV channels to viewers throughout most of Vermont, as well as the typical complement of superstations, weather and sports channels, PBS, movies and a variety of other channels.  This means that local Vermont TV stations will be available over satellite to many areas of Vermont currently unserved by satellite or by cable.  I have gotten lots of letters from Vermonters who complained about the current situation where local TV stations challenged their right to receive that signal.  Under current law, it is illegal for satellite TV providers to offer local TV channels over a satellite dish when you live in an area where you are likely to get a clear TV signal with a regular rooftop antenna at least half of the time.  This means that thousands of Vermonters living in or near Burlington cannot receive local signals over their satellite dishes.  Under current law, those families must get their local TV signals over an antenna which often does not provide a clear picture. This bill will remove that legal limitation and allow satellite carriers to offer local TV signals to viewers no matter where they live in Vermont.  Presently, Vermonters receive satellite signals with programming from stations in other states--in other words they would get a CBS station from another state but not WCAX, the Burlington CBS affiliate.  By allowing satellite providers to offer a larger variety of programming, including local stations, the satellite industry would be able to compete with cable, and the cable industry will be competing with satellite carriers. Cable will continue to be a very effective competitor with its ability to offer extremely high-speed Internet connections to homes and businesses.  As mentioned earlier, the second major improvement in this initiative is that satellite carriers that offer local Vermont channels in their mix of programming will be able to reach Vermonters throughout Vermont. The system will be based on regions called Designated Market Areas, or DMAs. Vermont has one large DMA covering most of the state and part of the Adirondacks in New York--the Burlington-Plattsburg DMA--and parts of two smaller ones in Bennington County (the Albany-Schenectady-Troy DMA) and in Windham county (the Boston DMA).  This new satellite system is not available yet, and may not be available in Vermont until two to three years from now. Companies such as Capitol Broadcasting are preparing to launch spot-beam satellites to take advantage of this bill. Using current technology, signals would be provided by spot-beam satellites using regional uplink sites throughout the nation to beam local signals up to one or two satellites. Those satellites could use 60 spot beams to send those local signals, received from the regional uplinks, back to satellite dish owners. High definition TV would be offered under this system at a later date.  Under this bill, Vermonters will have more choices. I want to point out that those who want to keep their current satellite service can do just that.  In addition, we have protected the C-Band dish owners who have invested a lot of money in this now out-dated, but still used, technology. I did not think it was fair to pull the plug on them.  Those who want to stick with cable, or with regular broadcast TV, are welcome to continue to participate that way.  Since technology advances so quickly, other systems could be developed before this bill is fully implemented that would provide similar service but using a different technology.  The bill will also extend the distant signal compulsory license in Section 119. In almost all respects, the distant signal license will apply in the same way in the future as it applies today. The most important exception is that the bill will allow continued delivery of distant network stations to thousands of Vermonters and residents of other states who would otherwise have distant network satellite service terminated at the end of the year (or who have had such service terminated by court order since July 1998).  The purpose of this temporary ``grandfathering'' is not to reward satellite carriers that have broken the law. Rather, the purpose of the grandfathering is to assist certain subscribers in Vermont and elsewhere who might have been misled by satellite companies into believing that they were eligible to receive distant network programming by satellite. The purpose is also to aid in achieving a smooth transition to local-into-local programming which avoids many of these issues.  The subscribers who will be grandfathered are those who are not predicted to receive a signal of Grade A intensity from any station affiliated with the relevant network, along with certain additional C-band subscribers.  I want to make clear that I do not condone lawbreaking by satellite companies or anyone else, and nothing that Congress is doing today should be read in that light. Satellite companies remain liable for every other remedy provided by the Copyright Act or other law for any infringements they have committed. Satellite carriers should not be heard to argue for any grandfathering beyond what Congress has expressly approved, or to contend that they should be relieved of any other available remedy because of Congress' actions.  The second change to Section 119 is that there will no longer be a 90-day waiting period for cable subscribers that is currently part of the definition of ``unserved household.'' This change will help to make the satellite industry more competitive with cable, an objective I know every member of this body shares. Third, the bill will limit to two the number of distant signals that a satellite carrier may deliver to unserved households.  Except with respect to these specific changes in Section 119, nothing in the law we are passing today will take away any of the rights and remedies available to the parties to copyright infringement litigation against satellite carriers. Nor does anything in this bill suggest any criticism of the courts for enforcing the Copyright Act. It is their job to apply the law to the facts.  It is crucial to our system that all players in the marketplace, including satellite carriers, be required to obey the law and held accountable in the courts for the consequences of their own lawbreaking. Indeed, if a particular satellite carrier has engaged in a willful or repeated pattern or practice of infringements, it should be held to the statutory consequences of that misconduct.  The addition of the word ``stationary'' to the phrase ``conventional outdoor rooftop receiving antenna'' in Section 119(d)(10) of the Copyright Act merits a word of discussion. As the Ranking Member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, which has jurisdiction over copyright matters, and one of the original sponsors of this legislation, I want to emphasize that use of this word should not be misunderstood.  The new language says only that the antenna is to be ``stationary''; it does not say that the antenna is to be improperly oriented, that is pointed in way that does not obtain the strongest signal. The word ``stationary'' means, for example, that testing should be done using a stationary antenna, as the FCC has directed.  Satellite companies must not be encouraged to urge consumers to point antennas in the wrong direction to qualify for different treatment.  As to antenna orientation, the relevant guidance is provided in Section 119(a)(2)(B)(ii)(II) of the bill, which specifies that the FCC's procedures (requiring correct orientation) be followed. Since satellite dishes must be properly oriented to receive a picture at all, it would make no sense to specify misorientation of over-the-air antennas.  Permitting misorientation would also be inconsistent with the entire structure of the definition of ``unserved household,'' which looks to whether a household is capable of receiving a signal of Grade B intensity from a particular type of affiliate, that is an ABC station or a Fox station, not whether it is capable of receiving all of the stations in the market.  As I mentioned before, the Copyright Act amendments direct courts to continue to use the accurate, consumer-friendly prediction and measurement tools developed by the FCC for determining whether particular households are served or unserved. If the Commission is able to refine its so-called ``ILLR'' predictive model to make it even more accurate--as I hope it will--the courts should apply those further refinements as well.  In fact, the Copyright Act amendments in the bill specifically address the possibility that the FCC may be able to modify its ILLR model to make it even more accurate. Specifically, the Act provides in new Section 119(a)(2)(B)(ii)(I) of the Copyright Act that if the FCC should later modify the ILLR model to make it still more accurate, courts should, under Section 119(a)(2)(B)(ii)(I), use the even more accurate version in the future for predictive purposes.  Whether a proposed modification to the ILLR model makes it more accurate is an empirical question that the Commission should address by comparing the predictions made by any proposed model against actual measurements of signal intensity. The Commission's analysis should reflect ourpolicy objective: to determine whether a household is--or is not--capable of receiving a signal of Grade B intensity from at least one station affiliated with the relevant network.  The FCC has properly recognized that reducing one type of errors, underprediction, while increasing another type of errors, overprediction, does not increase accuracy, but simply puts a thumb on the scale in favor of one side or the other. The issue under Section 119(a)(2)(B)(ii) is the overall accuracy of the model, as tested against available measurement data, with regard to whether a household is, or is not, capable of receiving a Grade B intensity signal from at least one affiliate of the network in question.  The conferees and many other members of this body have worked hard to achieve the carefully balanced bill now before the Senate. I urge my colleagues to give it their full support. Most of all, I thank and congratulate my distinguished colleague and good friend, Chairman Hatch, for his outstanding work over many months on this important bill, which will provide lasting benefits for my constituents in Vermont and for citizens in every other state.  I'm also pleased that the Conference Report directs the Federal Communications Commission to take expedited action on getting new technologies deployed that can deliver local television signals to viewers in smaller television markets. We've known all along, if we pass legislation authorizing local-into-local, the DBS carriers would readily deliver local channels to those subscribers who are fortunate enough to live in the largest markets. There are 210 local television Designated Market Areas in our country, and most Vermonters live in the 91st-ranked DMA. That is why it is so important for the FCC to expedite review of alternative technologies, such as the digital terrestrial wireless system developed by Northpoint Technology, which are capable of delivering local signals into all markets on a must carry basis.  I want to briefly mention the patent bill.  This patent bill is important to America's future. I have heard from inventors, from businesses large and small, from hi-tech to low-tech firms--this bill will give American inventors and businesses an improved competitive edge now enjoyed by many European countries.  We should be on a level playing field with them.  This bill reduces patent fees for only the second time in history. The first time that was done was in a Hatch-Leahy bill passed by the Senate in the 105th Congress.  All the concepts in this bill--such as patent term guarantees, domestic publication of patent applications filed abroad, first inventor defense--have been thoroughly examined. Indeed, they have been included in several bills that the Congress has carefully studied.  I wish to point out that the Senate Judiciary Committee last year also developed a strong bill--S. 507--which contained many of the same concepts and approaches found in H.R. 1907 and S. 1798.  American business needs this patent bill, American technology companies need this patent bill, American inventors and innovators need this patent bill.  The Administration says that we must have the reforms in this bill. It will: reduce legal fees that are paid by inventors and companies; eliminate duplication of research efforts and accelerate research into new areas; increase the value of patents to inventors and companies; and facilitate U.S. inventors and companies' research, development, and commercialization of inventions.  In Vermont, we have a number of independent inventors and small companies. It is, therefore, especially important to me that this bill be one that helps them as well as the larger companies in Vermont like IBM.  Over the past several years, Congress has held eight Congressional hearings with over 80 witnesses testifying about the various proposals incorporated in the bill. Republican and Democratic Administrations alike, reaching back to the Johnson Administration, have supported these similar reforms.  I also want to thank Secretary Daley and the Administration for their unflagging support of effective patent reform.  The ``American Inventors Protection Act'' was designed to make targeted improvements to the patent code in order to enable the American patent system to meet the challenges of new technology and new markets as we approach the next millennium.  The bill builds upon compromises forged in the Senate Judiciary Committee in the 105th Congress, as well as additional compromises in the House of Representatives in the 106th Congress, to achieve these goals while protecting and promoting the interest of American inventors at home and abroad.  I also want to discuss the comments of Senators Schumer and Torricelli regarding the patent bill and the State Street decision. I look forward to working with both of those Senators on the issues they raise. I expect that the Committee will have hearings on this matter next year. Also, the Conference Report on the bill contains a detailed analysis of these important issues which was accepted by all Conferees.  The FY 2000 Omnibus Appropriations bill also includes provisions that Senator Hatch and I and others have crafted to address cybersquatting on domain names. We have worked hard to craft this legislation in a balanced fashion to protect trademark owners and consumers doing business online, and Internet users who want to participate in what the Supreme Court has described as ``a unique and wholly new medium of worldwide human communication.'' Reno v. ACLU, 521 U.S. 844.  Trademarks are important tools of commerce. The exclusive right to the use of a unique mark helps companies compete in the marketplace by distinguishing their goods and services from those of their competitors, and helps consumers identify the source of a product by linking it with a particular company. The use of trademarks by companies, and reliance on trademarks by consumers, will only become more important as the global marketplace grows larger and more accessible with electronic commerce. The reason is simple: when a trademarked name is used as a company's address in cyberspace, customers know where to go online to conduct business with that company.  The growth of electronic commerce is having a positive effect on the economies of small rural states like mine. A Vermont Internet Commerce report I commissioned earlier this year found that Vermont gained more than 1,000 new jobs as a result of Internet commerce, with the potential that Vermont could add more than 24,000 jobs over the next two years. For a small state like ours, this is very good news.  Along with the good news, this report identified a number of obstacles that stand in the way of Vermont reaching the full potential promised by Internet commerce. One obstacle is that ``merchants are anxious about not being able to control where their names and brands are being displayed.'' Another is the need to bolster consumers' confidence in online shopping.  Cybersquatters hurt electronic commerce. Both merchant and consumer confidence in conducting business online are undermined by so-called ``cybersquatters'' or ``cyberpirates,'' who abuse the rights of trademark holders by purposely and maliciously registering as a domain name the trademarked name of another company to divert and confuse customers or to deny the company the ability to establish an easy-to-find online location. A recent report by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) on the Internet domain name process has characterized cybersquatting as ``predatory and parasitical practices by a minority of domain registrants acting in bad faith'' to register famous or well-known marks of others--which can lead to consumer confusion or downright fraud.  Enforcing trademarks in cyberspace will promote global electronic commerce. Enforcing trademark law in cyberspace can help bring consumer confidence to this new frontier. That is why I have long been concerned with protecting registered trademarks online. Indeed, when the Congress passed the Federal Trademark Dilution Act of 1995, I noted that:       Although no one else has yet considered this application,      it is my hope that this     antidilution statute can help stem the use of deceptive      Internet addresses taken by those who are choosing marks that      are associated with the products and reputations of others.  The Federal Trademark Dilution Act of 1995 has been used as I predicted to help stop misleading uses of trademarks as domain names. One court has described this exercise by saying that ``attempting to apply established trademark law in the fast-developing world of the Internet is somewhat like trying to board a moving bus. . .'' Bensusan Restaurant Corp. v. King, 126 F.3d 25. Nevertheless, the courts appear to be handling ``cybersquatting'' cases well. As University of Miami Law Professor Michael Froomkin noted in testimony submitted at the Judiciary Committee's hearing on this issue on July 22, 1999, ``in every case involving a person who registered large numbers of domains for resale, the cybersquatter has lost.''  For example, courts have had little trouble dealing with a notorious cybersquatter, Dennis Toeppen from Illinois, who registered more than 100 trademarks--including``yankeestadium.com,'' ``deltaairlines.com,'' and ``neiman-marcus.com''--as domain names for the purpose of eventually selling the names back to the companies owning the trademarks. The various courts reviewing his activities have unanimously determined that he violated the Federal Trademark Dilution Act.  Similarly, Wayne State University Law Professor Jessica Litman noted in testimony submitted at the Judiciary Committee's hearing that those businesses that ``have registered domain names that are confusingly similar to trademarks or personal names in order to use them for pornographic web sites * * * have without exception lost suits brought against them.''  Even as we consider this legislation, we must acknowledge that enforcing or even modifying our trademark laws will be only part of the solution to cybersquatting. Up to now, people have been able to register any number of domain names in the popular ``.com'' domain with no money down and no money due for 60 days. Network Solutions Inc., the dominant Internet registrar, recently announced that it was changing this policy, and requiring payment of the registration fee up front. In doing so, NSI admitted that it was making this change to curb cybersquatting.  In addition, we need to encourage the development of alternative dispute resolution procedures that can provide a forum for global users of the Internet to resolve domain name disputes. For this reason, I authored an amendment that was enacted last year as part of the Next Generation Internet Research Act authorizing the National Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences to study the effects on trademark holders of adding new top-level domain names and requesting recommendations on inexpensive and expeditious procedures for resolving trademark disputes over the assignment of domain names. Both the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers and WIPO are also making recommendations on these procedures. Adoption of a uniform trademark domain name dispute resolution policy should be of enormous benefit to American trademark owners.  We should encourage the sensible development of case law in this area, the ongoing efforts within WIPO and ICANN to build a consensus global mechanism for resolving online trademark disputes, and the implementation of domain name registration practices designed to discourage cybersquatting. The legislation we pass today as part of the Omnibus Appropriations bill for the upcoming fiscal year is intended to build upon this progress and provide constructive guidance to trademark holders, domain name registrars and registries and Internet users registering domain names alike.  This legislation has been significantly improved since it was first introduced. As originally introduced by Senator Abraham and others, S. 1255, the ``Trademark Cyberpiracy Prevention Act'', proposed to make it illegal to register or use any ``Internet domain name or identifier of an online location'' that could be confused with the trademark of another person or cause dilution of a ``famous trademark.'' Violations were punishable by both civil and criminal penalties.  I voiced concerns at a hearing before the Judiciary Committee that, in its original form, S. 1255 would have a number of unintended consequences that would have hurt rather than promoted electronic commerce, including the following specific problems:  The definition was overbroad. As introduced, S. 1255 covered the use or registration of any ``identifier,'' which could cover not just second level domain names, but also e-mail addresses, screen names used in chat rooms, and even files accessible and readable on the Internet. As one witness pointed out, ``the definitions will make every fan a criminal.'' How? A file document about Batman, for example, that uses the trademark ``Batman'' in its name, which also identifies its online location, could land the writer in court under that bill. Cybersquatting is not about file names.  The original bill threatened hypertext linking. The Web operates on hypertext linking, to facilitate jumping from one site to another. The original bill could have disrupted this practice by imposing liability on operators of sites with links to other sites with trademark names in the address. One could imagine a trademark owner not wanting to be associated with or linked with certain sites, and threatening suit under this proposal unless the link were eliminated or payments were made for allowing the linking.  The original bill would have criminalized dissent and protest sites. A number of Web sites collect complaints about trademarked products or services, and use the trademarked names to identify themselves. For example, there are protest sites named ``boycott-cbs.com'' and ``www.PepsiBloodbath.com.'' While the speech contained on those sites is clearly constitutionally protected, as originally introduced, S. 1255 would have criminalized the use of the trademarked name to reach the site and made them difficult to search for and find online.  The original bill would have stifled legitimate warehousing of domain names. The bill, as introduced, would have changed current law and made liable persons who merely register domain names similar to other trademarked names, whether or not they actually set up a site and used the name. The courts have recognized that companies may have legitimate reasons for registering domain names without using them and have declined to find trademark violations for mere registration of a trademarked name. For example, a company planning to acquire another company might register a domain name containing the target company's name in anticipation of the deal. The original bill would have made that company liable for trademark infringement.  For these and other reasons, Professor Litman concluded that, ``as introduced, S. 1255 would in many ways be bad for electronic commerce, by making it hazardous to do business on the Internet without first retaining trademark counsel.'' Faced with the risk of criminal penalties, she stated that ``many start-up businesses may choose to abandon their goodwill and move to another Internet location, or even to fold, rather than risk liability.''  Domain name cybersquatting is a real problem. For example, whitehouse.com has probably gotten more traffic from people trying to find copies of the President's speeches than those interested in adult material.  While the problem is clear, narrowly defining the solution is trickier. The mere presence of a trademark is not enough. Legitimate conflicts may arise between companies offering different services or products under the same trademarked name, such as Juno Lighting Inc. and Juno online services over the juno.com domain name, or between companies and individuals who register a name or nickname as a domain name, such as the young boy nicknamed ``Pokey'' whose domain name ``pokey.org'' was challenged by the toy manufacturer who owns the rights to the Gumby and Pokey toys. A site may also use a trademarked name to protest a group, company or issue, such as pepsibloodbath.com, or even to defend one's reputation, such as www.civil-action.com, which belongs not to a motion picture studio, but to W.R. Grace to rebut the unflattering portrait of the company as a polluterand child poisoner created by the movie.  There is a world of difference between these sorts of sites and those which use deceptive naming practices to draw attention to their site for example, whitehouse.com, or those who use domain names to misrepresent the goods or services they offer, for instance, dellmemory.com, which may be confused with the Dell computer company.  We must also recognize certain technological realities. For example, merely mentioning a trademark is not a problem. Posting a speech that mentions AOL on my web page and calling the page aol.html, confuses no one between my page and America Online's site. Likewise, we must recognize that while the Web is a key part of the Internet, it is not the only part. We simply do not want to pass legislation that may impose liability on Internet users with e-mail addresses, which may contain a trademarked name. Nor do we want to crack down on newsgroups that use trademarks descriptively, such as alt.comics.batman.  In short, it is important that we distinguish between the legitimate and illegitimate use of domain names, and the cybersquatting legislation that we pass today does just that.  Due to the significant flaws in S. 1255, the Senate Judiciary Committee reported and the Senate passed a complete substitute to that bill. On July 29, 1999, Senator Hatch and I, along with several other Senators, introduced S. 1461, the ``Domain Name Piracy Prevention Act of 1999.'' This bill then provided the text of the Hatch-Leahy substitute amendment that the Senate Judiciary Committee reported unanimously to S. 1255 the same day. This substitute amendment, with three additional refinements contained in a Hatch-Leahy clarifying amendment, was passed by the Senate on August 5, 1999.  This Hatch-Leahy substitute provided a better solution than the original, S. 1255, in addressing the cybersquatting problem without jeopardizing other important online rights and interests.  Following Senate passage of the bill, the House passed a version of the legislation, H.R. 3208, the ``Trademark Cyberprivacy Prevention Act'', which has been modified for inclusion in the FY 2000 Omnibus Appropriations bill.  This legislation, now called the ``Anti-Cybersquatting Consumer Protection Act'', would amend section 43 of the Trademark Act by adding a new section to make liable for actual or statutory damages any domain name registrant, who with bad-faith intent to profit from the goodwill of another's trademark, without regard to the goods or services of the parties, registers, traffics in or uses a domain name that is identical or confusingly similar to a distinctive trademark or dilutive of a famous trademark. The fact that the domain name registrant did not compete with the trademark owner would not be a bar to recovery. This legislation also makes clear that personal names that are protected as marks would also be covered by new section 1125.  Furthermore, this legislation should not in any way frustrate the global efforts already underway to develop inexpensive and expeditious procedures for resolving domain name disputes that avoid costly and time-consuming litigation in the court systems either here or abroad. In fact, the legislation expressly provides liability limitations for domain name registrars, registries or other domain name registration authorities when they take actions pursuant to a reasonable policy prohibiting the registration of domain names that are identical or confusingly similar to another's trademark or dilutive of a famous trademark. The ICANN and WIPO consideration of these issues will inform the development by domain name registrars and registries of such reasonable policies.  Uses of infringing domain names that support liability under the legislation are expressly limited to uses by the domain name registrant or the registrant's authorized licensee. This limitation makes clear that ``uses'' of domain names by persons other than the domain name registrant for purposes such as hypertext linking, directory publishing, or for search engines, are not covered by the prohibition.  Other significant sections of this legislation are discussed below:  Domain names are narrowly defined to mean alphanumeric designations registered with or assigned by domain name registrars or registries, or other domain name registration authority as part of an electronic address on the Internet. Since registrars only register second level domain names, this definition effectively excludes file names, screen names, and e-mail addresses and, under current registration practice, applies only to second level domain names.  The terms ``domain name registrar, domain name registry, or other domain name authority that registered or assigned the domain name'' in Section 3002(a) of the Act, amending 15 U.S.C. 1125(d)(2)(a), is intended to refer only to those entities that actually place the name in a registry, or that operate the registry, and would not extend to other entities, such as the ICANN or any of its constituent units, that have some oversight or contractual relationship with such registrars and registries. Only these entities that actually offer the challenged name, placed it in a registry, or operate the relevant registry are intended to be covered by those terms.  Liability for registering a trademark name as a domain name requires ``bad faith intent to profit from that mark''. The following non-exclusive list of nine factors are enumerated for courts to consider in determining whether such bad faith intent to profit is proven:  (i) the trademark or the intellectual property rights of the domain name registrant in the domain name;  (ii) whether the domain name is the legal name or the nickname of the registrant;  (iii) the prior use by the registrant of the domain name in connection with the bona fide offering of any goods or services;  (iv) the registrant's legitimate noncommercial or fair use of the mark at the site accessible under the domain name;  (v) the registrant's intent to divert consumers from the mark owner's online location in a manner that could harm the mark's goodwill, either for commercial gain or with the intent to tarnish or disparage the mark, by creating a likelihood of confusion as to the source, sponsorship, affiliation or endorsement of the site;  (vi) the registrant's offer to sell the domain name for financial gain without having used, or having an intent to use, the domain name in the bona fide offering of goods or services or the registrant's prior conduct indicating a pattern of such conduct;  (vii) the registrant's intentional provision of material, false and misleading contact information when applying for the registration of the domain name, intentions, failure to maintain accurate information, or prior conduct indicating a pattern of such conduct;  (viii) the registrant's registration of multiple domain names that are identical or similar to or dilutive of another's trademark; and  (ix) the extent to which the mark is or is not distinctive.  Significantly, the legislation expressly states that bad faith shall not be found ``in any case in which the count determines that the person believed and had reasonable grounds to believe that the case of the domain name was a false use or otherwise lawful.'' In other words, good faith, innocent or negligent uses of a domain name that is identical or confusingly similar to another's mark or dilutive of a famous mark are not covered by the legislation's prohibition.  In short, registering a domain name while unaware that the name is another's trademark would not be actionable. Nor would the use of a domain name that contains a trademark for purposes of protest, complaint, parody or commentary satisfy the requisite scienter requirement.  Bad-faith intent to profit is required for a violation to occur. This requirement of bad-faith intent to profit is critical since, as Professor Litman pointed out in her testimony, our trademark laws permit multiple businesses to register the same trademark for different classes of products. Thus, she explains:       Although courts have been quick to impose liability for bad      faith registration, they have been far more cautious in      disputes involving a domain name registrant who has a      legitimate claim to use a domain name and registered it in      good faith. In a number of cases,     courts have refused to impose liability where there is no      significant likelihood that anyone will be misled, even if      there is a significant possibility of trademark dilution.  In civil actions against cybersquatters, the plaintiff is authorized to recover actual damages and profits, or may elect before final judgment to an award of statutory damages of not less than $1,000 and not more than $100,000 per domain name, as the court considers just. In addition, the court is authorized to forfeit, cancel, or transfer the domain name to the plaintiff. To reduce frivolous litigation and the risk of reverse domain name hijacking, the court is authorized to award courts and attorneys' fees to the prevailing party.  In Rem Actions. The bill would also permit an in rem civil action to be filed by a trademark owner in the judicial district in which the registrar, registry or other domain name authority that actually registered or assigned the domain name is located. Such an action may be filed only in circumstances where the domain name violates the owner's rights in the trademark and where the court finds that (1) the trademark owner was not able to obtain in personam jurisdiction over the domain name registrant; or (2) the owner through due diligence was not able to find the domain name holder to bring an in personam civil action by sending notice to the registrant at the postal and email address provided to the registrar and publishing notice as the court may direct promptly after filing the action.  The remedies of an in rem action are limited to a court order for forfeiture or cancellation of the domain name or the transfer of the domain name to the trademark owner. To protect the domain name registrant, the registrar or registry shall not transfer, suspend, or modify the domain name during the pendency of the action except as the court may order. By contrast to the House-passed version of this legislation, under the legislation passed today, a trademark holder would be permitted to file an in rem action only when in personam jurisdiction cannot be exercised.  In Porsche Cars North American Inc. v. Porsche.com, 51 F. Supp. 2nd 707, the court dismissed an in rem action against a domain name, even though Network Solutions Inc. had surrendered the underlying domain name registration documents to the court to give it control over the ``res.'' The court held that in rem actions against allegedly diluting marks are not constitutionally permitted without regard to whether in personam jurisdiction may be exercised, The court explained:       Porsche correctly observes that some of the domain names at      issue have registrants whose identities and addresses are      unknown and against whom in personam proceedings might be      fruitless. But most of the domain names in this case have      registrants whose identities and addresses are known, and      who rightly would object to having their interests      adjudicated in absentia. The Due Process Clause requires      at least some appreciation for the difference between      these two groups, and Porsche's pursuit of an in rem      remedy that fails to differentiate between them at all is      fatal to its Complaint.  This legislation does differentiate between those two different categories of domain name registrants and limits in rem actions to those circumstances where in personam jurisdiction cannot be obtained.  Liability Limitations. The bill would limit the liability for monetary damages and, in certain circumstances, for injunctive relief of domain name registrars, registries or other domain name registration authorities for any action they take to refuse to register, remove from registration, transfer, temporarily disable or permanently cancel a domain name, where the action is taken pursuant to a court order or in the implementation of reasonable policies prohibiting the registration of domain names that are identical or confusingly similar to another's trademark, or dilutive of a famous trademark.  Prevention of Reverse Domain Name Hijacking. Reverse domain name hijacking is an effort by a trademark owner to take a domain name from a domain name registrant who registered the domain name legitimately and in good faith. There have been some well-publicized cases of trademark owners demanding the take-down of certain web sites set up by parents who have registered their children's names in the .org domain, such as two year old Veronica Sam's ``Little Veronica'' website and 12 year old Chris ``Pokey'' Van Allen's web page.  In order to protect the rights of domain name registrants in their domain names, the legislation provides that registrants may recover damages, including costs and attorney's fees, incurred as a result of a knowing and material misrepresentation by a person that a domain name is identical or similar to, or dilutive of, a trademark. Moreover, should the domain name registrant prevail in a suit for cybersquatting, the registrant as the prevailing party is authorized to award costs and attorneys' fees.  In addition, a domain name registrant, whose domain name has been suspended, disabled or transferred, may sue upon notice to the mark owner, to establish that the registration or use of the domain name by the registrant is lawful. The court in such a suit is authorized to grant injunctive relief, including the reactivation of a domain name or the transfer or return of a domain name to the domain name registrant.  Personal Names. Commercial sites are not the only ones suffering at the hands of domain name pirates. This issue has struck home for many in this body. The Congress is not immune: while cspan.org provides detailed coverage of the Senate and House, cspan.net is a pornographic site. Moreover, Senators and presidential hopefuls are finding that domain names like bush2000.org and hatch2000.org are being snatched up by cyber poachers intent on reselling these domain names for a tidy profit.  This legislation addresses this problem by making liable a domain name registrant in a civil action for injunctive relief, including forfeiture, cancellation, or transfer of a domain name for registering the name of another living person with the specific intent to profit by selling the domain name for financial gain to that person or any third party. This provision applies only prospectively.  In addition, the legislation directs the Commerce Department in consultation with PTO and the Federal Election Commission to study and report to Congress on procedures for resolving disputes over personal names registered as domain names and to collaborate with ICANN on these procedures.  Cybersquatting is an important issue both for trademark holders and for the future of electronic commerce on the Internet. Any legislative solution to cybersquatting must tread carefully to ensure that authorized remedies do not impede or stifle the free flow of information on the Internet. In many ways, the United States has been the incubator of the World Wide Web, and the world closely watches whenever we venture into laws, customs or standards that affect the Internet. We must only do so with great care and caution. Fair use principles are just as critical in cyberspace as in any other intellectual property arena. In my view, this legislation respects these considerations.  