 Mr. President, I see my good friend, the Senator from Iowa, on the floor. I will speak in my capacity as ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. I know Senator Hatch has spoken in his capacity as chairman of the committee. I know the Senator from Iowa, Mr. Grassley, is here as chairman of the appropriate subcommittee, and Senator Torricelli of New Jersey will be here as ranking member of that subcommittee.  This is an important issue. It is safe to say every American agrees with the basic principle that debts should be repaid. It certainly is a principle I was brought up to believe and one my fellow Vermonters share. In fact, this country is blessed with prosperity, and the vast majority of Americans are able to meet their obligations. But for those who fall on financial hard times, bankruptcy should be available in a fair and balanced way. In fact, our country's founders believed the principle was so important they enshrined it in the Constitution, one of the few such specific reliefs enshrined in the Constitution.  Article I, section 8, of the Constitution explicitly grants Congress power to establish uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States.  We in Congress have a constitutional responsibility to oversee our Nation's bankruptcy laws. Unfortunately, more and more Americans are filing for bankruptcy. In fact, 1.4 million Americans filed for bankruptcy last year. That was an increase in the number of filings from 1997, and in 1997 there was an increase in the number of filings from 1996. I find this trend extremely disturbing because the economy is doing so well. Even this morning, we hear of unemployment at an all-time low, inflation is steady, and the economy is booming. The unemployment rate keeps going down, inflation remains low, and the Nation's personal bankruptcies keep going up.  Vermont has traditionally had one of the lowest rates of bankruptcy per capita in the Nation. But in my home State of Vermont, personal bankruptcies have increased in each of the last 4 years, with annual personal bankruptcies more than doubling since 1994. I said this has occurred even though we have kept our low ranking compared to other States in the number of personal bankruptcy filings per capita. We will be able to keep that ranking because personal bankruptcy rates have gone up far more dramatically in other States.  If the rise in personal bankruptcy is caused in part by some Americans abusing the bankruptcy system, then we in Congress should move in a major, balanced way to correct our bankruptcy laws. Working together, we saw a way we could do this. We did last year. Democrats and Republicans molded a bill that corrected abuses by debtors and creditors, and it preserved access to the bankruptcy system for honest debtors.  The distinguished senior Senator from Illinois, Mr. Durbin, who worked with the distinguished Senator from Iowa, Mr. Grassley, did yeoman's work on last year's bill. They produced a bipartisan bill. As I recall--my colleague from Iowa can correct me if I am wrong--I believe it passed the Senate with something like 97 votes and only 1 or 2 votes against it. It is pretty amazing to have that strong support when we have a piece of legislation that balances such contrasting, sometimes conflicting, interests around the country. It is a credit to the two Senators who crafted it. They balanced the competing interests of debtors and creditors to put together a bill that is fair to all.  I am on the floor today because I have a concern that the bill before us strays from the blueprint of last year's balanced reforms in the Senate. For example, today's bill requires the meanstesting of debtors to complete chapter 7 filings based on expense standards that are formulated by the Internal Revenue Service.  Last year, Congress was exposing the IRS as an agency out of control in its enforcement of the Internal Revenue Code, but now we say we will trust the IRS with enforcement of the bankruptcy code. We were saying last year they could not enforce the Internal Revenue Code, the area of their own expertise, but now we say we will let them help enforce the bankruptcy code, an area in which they have no expertise or jurisdiction. In my State, we say that lacks common sense.  This means testing severely restricts a judge's discretion to take into account individual debtors' circumstances. As a result, it has the potential to cause an unforgiving and inflexible result of denying honest debtors access to a postbankruptcy fresh start and would go against basically the way the bankruptcy code has been followed since the beginning of this country.  I believe most Americans, perhaps not all but most Americans, who file for bankruptcy honestly need relief from their creditors to get back on their feet financially. We have recent research that shows stagnant wages and consumer credit card debt are the primary reasons for the rise in bankruptcy filings. If there are abuses in the credit industry, then we should move in a major and balanced way to correct them.  I believe last year's Senate consumer bankruptcy reform bill, which, as I said, passed this Chamber by a near unanimous vote of 97-1, provides us with a blueprint for balanced reforms.  Moreover, the latest study by the nonpartisan American Bankruptcy Institute found that only 3 percent of chapter 7 filers could afford to repay some portion of their debt. To force the other 97 percent of chapter 7 debtors to submit to this arbitrary means test in trying to reach 3 percent lacks common sense and poses an additional burden on the 97 percent for something that does not apply to them. The Congress seems to be stepping on people it should not.  To the credit of the Senator from Iowa and the Senator from New Jersey, they are working to moderate the bill's arbitrary means testing provisions, and I commend them for working together to improve the underlying bill. I also commend the Senator from Illinois, Mr. Durbin, and the Senator from New York, Mr. Schumer, for their leadership on this issue. I hope we can significantly improve the bill's means test provisions in the coming days, and we can if we want to work at it.  I am also concerned that today's bill, at least as it is now, prior to any amendments, is missing a key ingredient from last year's balanced reforms in the Senate: consumer credit information and protection.  Last year's Senate-passed bill required the disclosure of information on credit card fees and charges and also protection against unjustified credit industry practices. As the Department of Justice stated in its written views on the bill:       The challenge posed by the unprecedented level of      bankruptcy filings requires us to ask for greater      responsibility from both debtors and creditors. Credit card      companies must give consumers more and better information so      they can understand and better manage their debt.  The administration has made it clear that for the President to sign bankruptcy reform legislation into law, it has to contain strong consumer credit disclosure and protection provisions. I agree with that. The credit card industry has to shoulder some responsibility for the nationwide rise in personal bankruptcy filings.  Last year, credit card lenders sent out 3.4 billion solicitations--3.4 billion. There are only 260 million people in this country, from the child born this morning on through. We are talking about 12 credit card solicitations per year for every man, woman, and child in America.  I constantly hear from parents that their 10-year-old child may receive a letter: You have been preapproved for credit; X number thousands of dollars. Here is your credit card.  I am not as concerned about the 10-year-old because usually the parent will grab that. I am a little bit concerned about the 16- or 17-year-old who has been eyeing a stereo set, or whatever, and they get the credit card preapproved. How about the college kids who get four or five of those in the mail: You have been preapproved. Suddenly they say: Wow, I'm worth $75,000. I have it right here in plastic. Unfortunately, when they spend it, they have to pay it back. We need a little more responsibility on this.  Do we want to send a 10-year-old down to the store with $3,000 worth of credit in their credit card? I would think not. But I also don't want the credit card companies crying when they do this and then the bills do not get paid. A little bit of effort should be made first to make sure you know who you are preapproving.  I add, there are times when somebody's pet has been preapproved. My eldest son has two beautiful Labrador retrievers--nice dogs, friendly dogs but, as most labs, probably more friendly than bright. I am not sure I want to give them credit cards. And for all the Labrador retriever owners who might have heard that and will call my office, please understand, I do like those dogs, but I am still not going to give them a credit card.  Clearly, the billions of credit card solicitations that are sent to Americans every year have contributed to an era of lax credit practices. That, in turn, contributes to the steep rise in personal bankruptcy filings. I am hopeful we can add credit industry reforms to this bill in the coming days.  Senators Torricelli and Grassley have prepared a managers' amendment that incorporates many credit industry reforms proposed by Senators Schumer, Reed, Dodd, and others. I commend these Senators for working together on these bipartisan credit card reforms. I am pleased, actually, to cosponsor the amendment I have just referred to because it adds more balance to the bill.  Another area where we can add needed balanced reform to this legislation is in the homestead exemption. You have States--Florida and Texas, for example--where debtors are permitted to take an unlimited exemption from their creditors for the value of their home. We understand the policy reasons for protecting one's home. But I think the policy was determined when you think of the average home. Unfortunately, this exemption has led to wealthy debtors abusing their State laws to protect multimillion-dollar mansions from their creditors.  I do not think we intend somebody to be able to run up millions of dollars of debt, have a multi-multimillion-dollar mansion and say: Wait a minute. I need my humble home.  Home may be where the heart is, but it is not necessarily where the bankruptcy protection should be. This is a real abuse of bankruptcy's fresh start protection.  The distinguished Senator from Wisconsin, Mr. Kohl, has been a leader in trying to end homestead bankruptcy abuses. He has, again, prepared a bipartisan amendment to cap any homestead exemption at $100,000. I hope the full Senate will adopt the Kohl amendment to place reasonable limits on homestead exemptions.  The distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, Mr. Kennedy, plans to offer an amendment to increase the minimum wage over the next 2 years from $5.15 to $6.15 an hour. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this amendment, as I have been before.  It is more than appropriate to help working men and women earn a living wage on a bill related to bankruptcy. These minimum-wage workers are some of the same Americans who are struggling to make a living every day and might be forced into bankruptcy by job loss or divorce or other unexpected economic event.  More than 11 million workers will get a pay raise as a result of a $1 increase in the minimum wage. We ought to agree to help millions of hard-working American families live in dignity.  I plan to offer an amendment that would save the taxpayers millions of dollars in wasteful spending and improve the bill by revising the requirement for all debtors to file with the court copies of their tax returns for the past 3 years. If the requirement was in effect last year, the 1.4 million Americans who filed for bankruptcy would have produced at least 4.2 million copies of their tax returns.  It might sound like a great idea, but the Congressional Budget Office estimates it will cost taxpayers about $34million over the next 5 years for the courts to store and provide access to more than 20 million tax returns. It is a pretty big expense for very little benefit.  Every time we do something with one of these mandates, it may sound great, but we ought to ask ourselves, what does this cost? What do we get out of it? My amendment makes more sense. It does what the original amendment wanted to do but without the cost. It would strike the requirement. It would, instead, permit any party in interest--a creditor, judge, trustee or whoever--to request copies of a debtor's tax returns once the bankruptcy is filed. It is a targeted approach, targeted to verify a debtor's assets and income. I think it is workable and efficient because most bankruptcy cases involve debtors with no assets and little income, thus no need for the review of tax returns and no need for the taxpayers to spend $34 million to store paper nobody is ever going to look at.  So let's not pile up millions and millions and millions of these pieces of paper, hire hundreds and hundreds of people to store them, and then have something nobody is ever going to look at anyway.  I have consulted with our bankruptcy judge and trustee in Vermont. I will continue to do so. They caution that we remember the purpose bankruptcy serves: a safety net for many of our constituents. Those who are using it are usually the most vulnerable of America's middle class. They are older Americans who have lost their jobs or are unable to pay their medical debts. They are women attempting to raise their families or to secure alimony or child support after divorce. They are individuals struggling to recover from unemployment.  As we move forward with reforms that are appropriate to eliminate abuses in the system--and we should eliminate such abuses--we need to remember that people use the system, both the debtors and the creditors. We need to balance the interests of creditors with those of middle-class Americans who need the opportunity to resolve overwhelming financial burdens.  On a personal note, I welcome the distinguished Senator from New Jersey, Mr. Torricelli, who is the new ranking member of the Administrative Oversight and the Courts Subcommittee, to the challenges this matter presents. I know he and his staff have been working hard in good faith to improve this bill.  As the last Congress proved, there are many competing interests in the bankruptcy reform debate that make it difficult to enact a balanced and bipartisan bill into law. Unfortunately, overall, the Congress failed to meet that challenge last year, even though I believe we met it here in the Senate, in the Grassley-Durbin bill, which passed 97 to 1. I was pleased and proud to be a supporter of that. The mistake came in the conference. It broke down into a partisan fight, as though there is a difference between a Republican or a Democrat who is seeking bankruptcy relief or a difference between a Republican or a Democrat creditor whose interests have to be protected in bankruptcy.  This is an American issue. We handled it as such in the Senate a year ago. We should do it again. I hope we can set, again, the standard, Republicans and Democrats in the Senate working together to pass and enact into law balanced legislation that will correct abuses by both debtors and creditors in the bankruptcy system. We are going to be better off for it. I hope that is what we can do.  Mr. President, I yield to the distinguished Senator from Iowa.  