President, first, on the Hatch-Leahy Internet amendment, let me just say I have worked on a number of these issues with the distinguished Senator from Utah. I think this is one that should get very broad support in this body.  I have talked for years about how we should allow the users of the Internet to control limited access to objectionable material that can be found on line. Anybody with any kind of ability at all can find objectionable material on line. It fits the standard of objectionable by any of us in this body. Some of it is disgusting and obscene and nothing I would want even my adult children to see.  But there is also a lot of amazing and wonderful material in this relatively new communication medium when you can go on the Internet and see people exploring in Antarctica or on Mount Everest, or see surgery being performed experimentally, or talk with astronauts on our space shuttle. These are the wonderful things on line and should be encouraged.  What worries me is when Congress tries to regulate content on the Internet. I have opposed that. For example, I was against the Communications Decency Act, eventually found unconstitutional by the Supreme Court. The law was passed with the best of intentions. It was done to protect children from indecent on-line materials, something all of us as parents want to do. It did it by empowering the Government and was, thus, unconstitutional.  What we should do is empower individual users and parents to decide what material is objectionable. This belongs to parents and users. Also, it brings parents and their children closer together if they actually work together and look at what is on the Internet.  The amendment Senator Hatch and I have offered will require large on-line service providers to offer subscribers filtering software systems that will stop material parents find objectionable from reaching their computer screen.  I am supportive of voluntary industry efforts to provide Internet users with one-click-away resources on how to protect their children as they go on line. Senator Campbell, the distinguished Senator from Colorado, and I joined the Vice President at the White House just last week to hear about this One Click Away Program. Vice President Gore, Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell, I, and others across the political spectrum joined together to say this is something parents want, need, and can use.  Our amendment promotes the use of filtering technologies by Internet users. It is a far better, more constitutional alternative to Government censorship. I commend the distinguished Senator from Utah. I appreciate working with him on this. While I realize we will not vote on this one until tomorrow morning, I look forward to joining the distinguished Senator from Utah and encourage all Senators of both parties to vote for it.  Mr. President, I yield to the distinguished Senator from Utah.  