President, I appreciate the explanation of the distinguished majority leader. He and I had discussed this earlier. I anticipated both the objection and the explanation.  I fully concur that such a unanimous consent request would normally be made by the leadership, but it is also the reason I notified both the distinguished majority leader and the distinguished Democratic leader that I would do this. I had expressed my concern, actually, before the Fourth of July recess, how the Congress is able to move legislation and move it quickly if the right interests want it. I compared the priority being put on two separate pieces of legislation, S. 254, the Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill, and H.R. 775, the Y2K Act, to show how this works.  The Hatch-Leahy juvenile justice bill, S. 254, passed the Senate after 2 weeks of open debate, after significant improvements, on May 20. That was a vote, as I recall, of 73-25, a bipartisan vote. On June 17, the House passed its version of this legislation but chose not to take up the Senate bill and insert its language, as is standard practice. Nor has the Republican leadership in the House made any effort over the past month to seek a House-Senate conference or to appoint House conferees.  Instead, what the other body did was send the Senate a blue slip, returning S. 254 to the Senate on the ground it contained a revenue provision that must originate in the House. The provision they point to is the amendment to S. 254 that would amend the Federal Criminal Code to ban the import of high-capacity ammunition clips. Whatever the merits are of that particular provision, the majority thought that did have merit. I voted against it. But it appears to me that no matter which side one is on, the House resorted to a procedural technicality to avoid a conference on juvenile justice legislation.  The amendment is in the final bill which a majority of us, three-quarters of us, voted for. The Senate has so far taken no steps to proceed to conference on the juvenile justice bill or to appoint conferees. This delay costs valuable time to get the juvenile justice legislation enacted before school resumes this fall.  I appreciate the words of the distinguished majority leader that we will try to move quickly to it, but I mention this as a contrast to the pace of action on the juvenile justice bill when we look at the Y2K Act. That legislation provided special legal protections to businesses. After earlier action in the House on H.R. 775, the Y2K liability limitations bill, the bill passed the Senate on June 15, almost 1 month after we passed the juvenile justice bill. On June 16, the next day, the Senate asked for a House-Senate conference and appointed its conferees. The House agreed to the conference and appointed its own conferees. The legislation immediately went to conference. The conference met that same day, on June 24. After a weekend break for extensive negotiations with the administration, the conference report was filed on June 29. The bill was taken up, passed before the Fourth of July recess, and the President signed it yesterday.  Now, this took care of the potential liability of a lot of businesses under Y2K, some found it at the expense of American consumers, but whichever way it was, it become law very quickly.  The juvenile justice bill can make a difference in the lives of our children and families. That should be our No. 1 priority, so that we get the conference, conclude it, and so that new programs and protections for schoolchildren can be in place when school resumes this fall, and not wait until this fall to do it. A lot of the programs in here are designed to be available to schools when they come in.  