President, I am offering this amendment to make this bill more workable in the real world and to save the taxpayers of this country $24 million over the next five years.  This bankruptcy bill now requires filing of millions of copies of personal income tax returns. Section 315(b) of the bill requires debtors to file with the court copies of their tax returns for the three years preceding their bankruptcy filings as well as tax returns filed while the bankruptcy was pending.  If this requirement was in effect last year, the 1.4 million Americans who filed for bankruptcy would have produced at least 4.2 million copies of their tax returns. More than 4 million copies of tax returns would produce mountains of paperwork and clog the files of most, if not all, bankruptcy courts across the country.  Where are the bankruptcy courts going to put these millions of copies of tax returns? And why do the courts need to keep them? Good questions that the sponsors of this bill have not answered.  Most bankruptcy filers have no assets and little income so there is no reason to review their tax returns. These debtors have no ability to repay their debts and their creditors know it. This blanket requirement to file tax returns for the last three years for all debtors, regardless of the debtor's assets or income, fails to make any common sense. It is simply silly.  Moreover, this blanket requirement to file tax returns ignores the reality that many debtors, just like other citizens, may not have access to their tax returns for the past three years.  For example, a recently divorced mother of two children may not have copies of her past tax returns if the couple's tax returns are kept by her former husband. Or a debtor, just like other citizens, may not have copies of past records such as tax returns. In either case, the debtor would have to contact the Internal Revenue Service to request copies of past tax returns before being able to seek bankruptcy relief.  Depending on the quick service of the IRS is not reassuring to an honest debtor who may honestly need bankruptcy relief. This mandate to keep copies of tax returns for the past three years is unnecessary and unrealistic.  Indeed, this burdensome and unworkable mandate is opposed by the Consumer Bankruptcy Legislative Group, Department of Justice, Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts, Judicial Conference, and National Bankruptcy Conference. Bankruptcy judges, creditor and debtor attorneys and other practitioners know this mandate will not work in the real world.  The Leahy amendment strikes this section of S. 625 and replaces it with the option that any party in interest may request and get a copy of a debtor's tax return after the bankruptcy filing.  Under the Leahy amendment, a creditor, judge or trustee may force a debtor to file copies of tax returns if the facts of the case warrant it by simply asking for the returns. In most cases, aparty in interest will not want to review tax returns if a debtor has no assets or little income. But if a creditor, judge or trustee does want to copies of the tax returns then they simply request it under my amendment and the debtor must furnish past and current tax returns.  This is a common sense approach to verifying debtor income and assets when a creditor, judge or trustee wants verification. The current blanket requirement for all debtors to file copies of their tax returns for the past three years will waste millions of taxpayer dollars.  Indeed, the Congressional Budget Office estimates that it will cost $34 million over the next five years to store and provide access to more than 20 million tax returns. Some experts predict it will take up 20 miles of shelf space to store all these tax returns.  The Leahy amendment saves $24 million over the next five years by striking this mandatory tax return filing requirement, according to CBO.  There are better ways to verify debtor income and assets that are workable, efficient and save taxpayer dollars. Under current law, U.S. Trustees and private trustees may review a debtor's tax returns if the facts of the case warrant it.  In addition, the Leahy amendment permits any party in interest to request a debtor to file copies of his or her past and current tax returns. The party in interest does not have to a hearing or even give a reason for wanting the tax returns.  But in the real world, a creditor or trustee will only want to see the tax returns of a debtor in a few cases--cases where there are actual questions about the debtor's assets or income. This targeted approach will save millions of taxpayer dollars and save the courts from filing millions of pages of unnecessary paperwork.  I urge my colleagues to vote for the Leahy amendment to save U.S. taxpayers $24 million and make this bill far more workable in the real world.  Mr. President, I understand we now have eight amendments pending. I note the latest one is a Leahy amendment. I see my distinguished colleague from Alabama on the floor. If somebody else wants to bring up another amendment, I have no objection to mine being set aside so they could do it. I am just trying to get these on the calendar, as the Senator knows and as Senator Torricelli and Senator Hatch and others have earlier today.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  