President, I thank the Republican leadership for allowing the Senate to consider and confirm two more outstanding judicial nominations today. Marsha Pechman and Adalberto Jose Jordan had confirmation hearings on July 13. They were favorably reported by the Judiciary Committee long before the August recess.  I regret that they were not confirmed at that time along with the other 11 judicial nominees on the Senate calendar who are still awaiting Senate action. With these confirmations today--and I predict they will be confirmed--the Senate will finally have confirmed more than a dozen judges this year. By comparison, last year at this time the Senate had confirmed 39 judges, not just 13; by this time in 1994, the Senate had confirmed 58 judges, not just 13.  In the past I have challenged the Senate to try to keep up with Sammy Sosa's home run pace. He has 58 home runs so far this year. We are behind not just his home run pace but the home run pace set by National League pitchers.  The Senate has ready for action the nominations of Marsha Berzon to the Ninth Circuit, Justice Ronnie White to the District Court in Missouri, and many other qualified nominees.  The current nomination delayed the longest is that of Judge Richard Paez. He has been held up for over 3\1/2\ years, yet can anybody on this floor state with confidence that if he were allowed to have a rollcall vote, he would not be confirmed. The Judiciary Committee twice reported the nomination favorably. If we were honest and decent enough in the Senate to allow this man to come to a vote after 3\1/2\ years, he would be confirmed. It is a scandal, a shame on the Senate that we do not confirm this nominee.  His treatment recalls the criticism the Chief Justice of the United States, William Rehnquist, has made of the Senate. He pointed out that after a period for review nominations should be voted up or voted down. He pointed out that too many nominations were being held up too long. The nomination of Judge Richard Paez is currently Exhibit A.  We are not doing our job. We are not being responsible. We are being dishonest, condescending, and arrogant toward the judiciary. It deserves better and the American people deserve better.  We have less than 8 weeks in which the Senate is scheduled to be in session the remainder of the year. We have our work cut out for us if we are to consider the 49 judicial nominations pending at the start of this week and others who are being nominated over the next few weeks.  In spite of our efforts last year in the aftermath of strong criticism from the Chief Justice of the United States, the vacancies facing the Federal judiciary are, again, approximately 70 and the vacancies gap is not being closed. We have more Federal judicial vacancies extending longer and affecting more people. Judicial vacancies now stands at over 8 percent of the Federal judiciary. If one considers the additional judges recommended by the Judicial Conference, the vacancies rate would be over 15 percent.  Nominees deserve to be treated with dignity and dispatch--not delayed for two and three years. We are seeing outstanding nominees nitpicked and delayed to the point that good women and men are being deterred from seeking to serve as federal judges. Nominees practicing law see their work put on hold while they await the outcome of their nominations. Their families cannot plan.  The President spoke about the vacancies crisis again last month. Certainly no President has consulted more closely with Senators of the other party on judicial nominations. The Senate should get about the business of voting on the confirmation of the scores of judicial nominations that have been delayed without justification for too long. We must redouble our efforts to work with the President to end the longstanding vacancies that plague the federal courts and disadvantage all Americans. That is our constitutional responsibility.  