President, just so that colleagues on both sides will know, last week, and again yesterday for that matter, we made more progress on this bill.  We have been able to clear 27 amendments to improve the Bankruptcy Reform Act. Those are amendments offered by both Republicans and Democrats.  Senator Torricelli, Senator Harry Reid, and I have been working in good faith with Senator Grassley and Senator Hatch to clear amendments. We have been able to do that, and we will try to clear even more.  I am pleased, on a personal point, that the majority accepted my amendment regarding the mandate to file tax returns under the bill. That will save $24 million over the next 5 years. But there are a lot of amendments similar to this that have improved it.  Senator Torricelli and I are working together with the deputy Democratic leader, and we are preparing to enter a unanimous consent request to limit the remaining Democratic amendments to 27 amendments. Fifteen of these have already been offered to the bill and are the pending business. All 27 were filed by November 5. Most of these are going to have very short time agreements. Many will be accepted. From a total of 320 amendments that were filed by both Republicans and Democrats on November 5, the managers of the bill on both sides have boiled down the remaining Democratic and Republican amendments to about 35--from 320 to 35.  Many of them are going to be acceptable either with modifications or in the present form. The remaining ones are critical to the debate on this bill.  Remember that for the first time in our Nation's history this bill would restrict the rights of Americans to file for bankruptcy based on the debtor's income. If we are going to adopt a means-tested bankruptcy law, we should have a full and fair debate on that. The American people would ask for nothing more.  The credit card industry is going to get billions out of this and should have to bear some responsibilities for its lax lending practices. We have heard a lot of stories about 5-year-olds getting credit cards in the mail with a multi-thousand-dollar limit.  Then we have the Truth in Lending Act on here.  I would like to get as close to a fair and balanced bill as we passed last year.  But we have come to the floor to offer amendments. We had only 4 hours of debate on Monday, and a disrupted day yesterday with caucuses and other things. But we have moved very quickly on this. We have disposed of 35 amendments with only 8 rollcalls.  I urge Senators to move forward. The leaders are trying to move forward.  I thank my colleagues for allowing me to break in to bring people up to date.  I yield the floor.  