 Mr. President, I know time is limited, so I would ask the indulgence of the senior Senator from Mississippi and assume that the Record stretched on for hours for the praise I would put upon his shoulders. Actually, I do not say that as facetiously as it may sound.  I have served here for a lot of years. I know of no Senator who is a finer Senator, with more integrity or greater abilities than the senior Senator from Mississippi. On top of that, he is one of the closest friends I have in the Senate. I know he has driven mightily in this bill to include a lot of things necessary for parts of the country, staying within the caps.  My concern is one in the Northeast, that while we hear of talk about supplementals to help us later on--the administration or whoever saying, the check is in the mail--this does not help us. In my little State of Vermont, we have witnessed over $40 million just in drought damage. Most of our feed grains were lost this year. Without some assistance, many of our farmers are not going to make it through the winter. In the last 2 years, they have suffered through an ice storm where it dropped to 30 below zero. There has been flooding and two summers of drought.  Congress authorized $10.6 billion in disaster payments in fiscal year 1999. The Northeast and the Mid-Atlantic got 2.5 percent of that. Today or tomorrow we will likely pass $8.7 billion in disaster assistance. Our farmers will get about 2 cents out of every dollar.  According to Secretary Glickman, the drought resulted in a total of $1.5 to $2 billion in damages already this year. The recent rains did not alleviate that. Our farmers need additional funding now that is targeted for crop, feed, and livestock losses caused by the drought. We need drought funding for the crop loss disaster assistance program to help cover crop losses, livestock feed assistance to address feed shortages, the Emergency Conservation Program to restore failed water supplies.  Without funding targeted drought recovery, most of the $1.2 billion will likely go to the Southern States to recover from Hurricane Floyd. And they need that funding. I am not asking we take that funding away from them. I am asking we take care of their needs, but let's not neglect the needs of the Northeast and the mid-Atlantic States.  I wish we would vote against cloture. Then the President would say, wait a minute, maybe we ought to put together a supplemental request for victims of Hurricane Floyd, so the $1.2 billion in the Agriculture appropriations bill could be used for drought relief.  We in the East, east coast Senators, Northeast Senators, have always been there to vote for disaster assistance for other parts of the country, even though it has not affected us: earthquake assistance for California, flood assistance for the Mississippi Valley, drought assistance in the Upper Plains.  When I became chairman of the Agriculture Committee, I brought the Agriculture Committee out to North andSouth Dakota and elsewhere to emphasize why we needed drought relief, even though what we did was going to cost us in the Northeast. Drought relief for Kansas or any other place cost us in increased feed prices, in taxes. But we did it because it was the right thing to do. We have done it in cases of hurricane assistance for Texas, Louisiana, North and South Carolina, Florida, Georgia, and other States. All we would like is somebody to step back and say, wait a minute, why don't we get back to the administration and say, what are you going to request so this actually takes care of everyone.  Obviously, I was disappointed that we did not have extended the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact. But my concern would be the same today, whether it was there or not, because of the drought issues. I am concerned that lifting the Cuban embargo for food and medicine that was passed by the Senate by 74 or 75 votes, the Ashcroft amendment, was not included.  I would like to take a moment to reiterate the importance of the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact and my disappointment that its extension is not in this bill. The Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact has proven itself to be a successful and enduring partnership between dairy farmers and consumers throughout New England. Thanks to the Northeast Compact, the number of farmers going out of business has declined throughout New England--for the first time in many years. If you are a proponent of states' rights, regional dairy compacts are the answer. Compacts are state-initiated, state-ratified and state-supported programs that assure a safe supply of milk for consumers.  Indeed, half the Governors in the nation, and half the state legislatures in the nation, asked that the Congress allow their States to set their own dairy policies--within federally mandated limits--through interstate compacts. And the dairy compact passed with overwhelming support in these States--in Arkansas, for instance, the Compact passed the Senate with a vote of 33 to 0 and the House passed it with a vote of 91 to 0. In North Carolina, the Compact passed the Senate with a vote of 49 to 0 and passed the House with the overwhelming majority of 106 to 1. Clearly, there is tremendous support for dairy compacts in these states.  Since the Federal policies are not working to keep farmers in business, these states acted to make sure that dairy farmers stay in business so that consumers can be assured of fresh, local supplies milk. If you support interstate trade, the Northeast Dairy Compact has proven itself to be the answer. Once the Compact went into operation, the Office of Management and Budget reported an 8 percent increase in sales of milk into the compact region from New York and other neighboring States to take advantage of the higher prices. If you support a balanced budget, dairy compacts are the answer. The Northeast Compact does not cost taxpayers a single cent.  This is very different from the costliness of many farm programs--including many which are being funded through this appropriations bill. If you support farmland protection programs, dairy compacts are the answer. Major environmental groups have endorsed the Northeast Dairy Compact because they know it helps preserve farmland and prevent urban sprawl. In fact, the New Times reported on the importance of the Compact for the environment. In an article entitled ``Environmentalists Supporting Higher Milk Price for Farmers'' it was explained that keeping farmers on the land maintains the beauty of New England.  And if you are concerned about the impact of prices on consumers, regional dairy compacts are the answer. Retail milk prices within the compact region are lower on average than in the rest of the nation. I would be pleased to compare retail milk prices in New England against retail milk prices in the Upper Midwest.  A GAO report, dated October, 1998, compared retail milk prices for various U.S. cities both inside and outside the Northeast Compact region for various time periods. For example, in February 1998, the average price of a gallon of whole milk in Augusta, ME, was $2.47. The price for Milwaukee, WI, was $2.63/gallon. Prices in Minneapolis, MN, were much higher--they were $2.94/gallon. Let's pick another New England city--Boston. In February 1998, the price of a gallon of milk was $2.54 as compared to Minneapolis, MN, which was $2.94/gallon. Let's look at the cost of 1 percent milk for November 1997, for another example.  In Augusta, ME, it was $2.37/gallon, the same average price as for Boston and for New Hampshire and Rhode Island. In Minnesota, the price was $2.82/gallon. I could go on and on comparing lower New England retail prices with higher prices in other cities for many different months. I invite anyone to review this GAO report. It is clear that our Compact is working perfectly by benefiting consumers, local economies and farmers. This major fact, that in many instances retail milk prices in the Compact region were much lower than in areas in the Upper Midwest, has been ignored by our opponents. I would also like to point out that before the Compact, New England lost 20 percent of its dairy farms from 1990 to 1996--we lost one-fifth of our farms in just 6 years. If farms had kept going under at that rate, the prices of milk in stores could have dramatically increased.  In June I received a letter from the National Grange strongly supporting the Northeast Dairy compact. They represent 300,000 members nationwide, and I want to read a few lines from their letter. It states that ``regional dairy compacts offer the best opportunity to preserve family dairy farms.'' It continues by stating that:       The heightened interest and support at the state level for      dairy compacts is based largely on the outstanding      accomplishments of the Northeast Dairy Compact. There is      recognition in the dairy industry that states must work      together to strengthen their rural economies and ensure      fresh, local supplies of milk to their urban areas.  The Grange letter notes that ``the Northeast Compact has been extremely successful in meeting this goal by balancing the interests of processors, retailers, consumers, and dairy farmers.''  The Grange goes on to support the Southern Dairy compact since a Southern Compact would ``provide dairy farmers in that region with a stable price structure for the milk they produce while assuring the region a viable supply of locally produced milk.'' I want to repeat that OMB studied the Compact and concluded that consumer prices in the region were on average five cents lower per gallon than the average for the rest of the nation and that farm income had increased significantly. OMB also reported that the Compact put more pregnant women, infants, and children on the WIC program than would have been the case without the Compact. The Compact has also been challenged in court and has been upheld as constitutional.  The Compact does not harm other States. Contrary to what some opponents may suggest, the Dairy Compact did not cause a drop in milk production in other regions of the country such as the Upper Midwest. In fact, in 1997, Wisconsin had an increase in production of 1.7 percent while the Compact was in operation. This fact refutes another incorrect criticism of the Compact. Contrary to allegations of Compact opponents, interstate trade in milk has greatly increased as a result of the Compact according to OMB. Milk sales into the Compact region increased by 8 percent--since neighboring New York and other farmers wanted to take advantage of the compact.  It should also be noted that farmers in the Compact region are now milking about the same number of cows over the past couple of years--they did not suddenly expand their herds to take advantage of the Compact as opponents had incorrectly feared. Comparing Vermont's milk cows and production from April of last year to April of this year, note that Vermont's milk production did increase--but by only 2.6 percent. This is slightly less than the increase for Wisconsin. However, the number of cows being milked remained the same for Vermont. Farmers were not buying more cows and expanding their operations under the Compact, and production increases were less than other States.  So if all these points are refuted by the facts, what is the real agenda of those from the Upper Midwest? Based on newspaper accounts from the Upper Midwest, I think I know the answer. I know that the Upper Midwest massively overproduces milk--they produce far more than they can consume--and thus want to sell this milkin the South. They do not even attempt to refute the point that they are trying to sell their milk outside the state. However, it is very expensive to ship milk because milk weighs a lot, it has to be refrigerated, and the trucks come back empty. I have read press reports about how they want to dehydrate milk--take the water out of milk--and then rehydrate it by adding water in distant states.  The Minneapolis Star Tribune explained that Minnesota farmers want to sell ``reconstituted milk in Southern markets.'' The article from February 12, 1992, points out that ``technology exists for them to draw water from the milk in order to save shipping costs, then reconstitute it.''  Regular milk needs refrigeration and weighs a lot and is thus expensive to ship. Also, only empty tanker trucks can come back since nothing else can be loaded into the milk containers. But dehydrated milk can be shipped in boxes. By taking the water out of milk, the Upper Midwest can supply the South with milk.  I realize that according to a St. Louis Post-Dispatch article in 1990 that ``Upper Midwest farmers say technological advances in making powdered milk and other concentrates has improved the taste and texture of reconstituted milk.'' However, the House National Security Committee had a hearing on this reconstituted milk issue in 1997. I will quote from the hearing transcript: ``the Air Force on Okinawa decided that the reconstituted milk was not suitable for the military and as a quality of life decision they closed the milk plant and opted to have fluid milk transported in from the United States.'' There was a great article in the Christian Science Monitor a few years ago that talks about the school lunch program.  It mentions the first time the author, as a first-grader, was given reconstituted milk. He said: ``Now, I like milk. . . .But not this stuff. Not watery, gray, hot, reconstituted milk that tasted more like rusty pump than anything remotely connected with a cow. We wept. We gagged. We choked.'' The second problem with the strategy of Wisconsin and Minnesota farmers selling their milk down South is what about ice storms or snow? What happens when flooding or tornado damage or other problems stop these trucks laden with milk?  Southern parents might not be able to buy milk at any price any time an ice storm hits the Upper Midwest if the South does not have fresh, local supplies of fresh milk.  Just remember the panic that affects Washington, DC, when residents think we might get what is called in Vermont a ``dusting of snow.'' In this debate on the Northeast dairy compact, I was very hopeful a few months ago that we could work out an amendment on dairy which would be satisfactory to most members. The National Farmers Union made a great proposal which could have helped dairy farmers throughout America. The President of NFU, Leland Swenson, discussed the recent loss of millions of dollars by dairy farmers ``when the milk price suddenly dropped by 37 percent'' in 1 month. In a letter to many Members of Congress, he pointed out that ``family dairy producers will be subject to even greater economic disaster when the support price is completely phased out at the end of the year.'' The National Farmers Union came up with an idea that would greatly benefit farmers in the Upper Midwest, the South, the West, the Northeast and the rest of the country. As their letter states, the proposal ``will also help consumers by ensuring a steady supply of fresh milk and quality dairy products at reasonable prices.''  The NFU proposal consisted of: dairy compacts for the South and the Northeast; amendments to the federal order system that help farmers; and, third, a dairy price support at $12.50 per hundredweight. NFU concludes by saying that this proposal would ``provide a meaningful safety net for dairy farmers throughout the nation.'' Compacts for the Northeast and the South, a good support price for the Upper Midwest, the Midwest, Florida, the Southwest, and the West, and reform to Federal order system. All three components would have helped dairy farmers in every region. I know the huge processors launched a massive and expensive campaign against all elements of this NFU proposal. The processors, unfortunately, are for very low dairy prices. These giant multinational processors have bought dozens and dozens of full-page ads and sent snow globes to members of the Congress. Their ads demonstrate what they are against. They oppose: an extension of dairy price supports; increases in price supports; interstate dairy compacts; and other reforms to the federal order system designed to keep dairy farmers in business. They propose instead, as do other opponents of this compromise, nothing--they have no proposals that would help dairy farmers.  Time will show that the opponents of this National Farmers Union package, these large processors, are making a costly error. If their policies of extremely low prices for dairy farmers continue to drive thousands of farmers out of business each year--eventually milk prices will dramatically increase. Unfortunately, I may only be able to say at a later date that ``I told you so.''  