She played a significant role in moving this country toward recognition of human dignity and protection of civil rights of all our citizens.  As we move forward in unanimity to call for a medal to recognize Rosa Parks' contribution to our history, I hope all of the sponsors and supporters of this bill will also take at least a moment to consider not only the progress we made but the distance we have yet to travel.  I hope, among other things, the Senate will honor Rosa Parks and all that the civil rights movement in this country has accomplished by moving forward with the nomination of Bill Lann Lee to head the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice. Action on this matter is long overdue.  Bill Lann Lee is the first Asian American to be nominated to head the Civil Rights Division in its history, 42-year history. He is currently serving as the Acting Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights as he has for almost 16 months. He has done an impressive job enforcing our Nation's civil rights laws.  He was originally nominated in July 1997. Despite his excellent credentials and legal record, some chose to demagogue his nomination and turn it into a symbolic vote against the President.  Six former Assistant Attorneys General for Civil Rights, from the Eisenhower through the Bush administrations, wrote to the Judiciary Committee in support of his nomination: Harold Tyler, Burke Marshall, Stephen J. Pollak, J. Stanley Pottinger, Drew Days, and John R. Dunne. But he has still not come before the Senate.  He was renominated in January 1998, but the committee went all of last session without reporting his nomination. He was renominated again for the third time last month. It is past time to do the right and honorable thing, and report this qualified nominee to the Senate.  I hope, Madam President, that the Senate will be allowed to vote on Bill Lann Lee and not just leave him bottled up in a committee where a small minority of the Senate can vote. After 29 months and three sessions of Congress, bring it before the Senate of the United States, so that all Senators--Republican and Democrat alike--can either vote for him or vote against him. Let all Senators state to the country whether this extraordinary person is going to be allowed to serve in the position for which he has been nominated or whether we will tell this outstanding Asian American that the doors of the Senate are closed to him.  That is the question. Do we open the doors to this outstanding Asian American or do we close the doors? Right now they are closed. Let's have them open.  Civil Rights is about human dignity and opportunity. Bill Lann Lee's nomination ought to have the opportunity for an up or down vote on the Senate floor. He should no longer be forced to ride in the back on the nominations bus but be given the fair vote that he deserves.  After looking at Bill Lee's record, I knew he was a man who could effectively lead the Civil Rights Division, enforce the law and resolve disputes. Prior to his tenure at the Department of Justice, he had been involved in approximately 200 cases in his 23 years of law practice, of which he settled all but six of them. This is strong evidence that Mr. Lee is a problem solver and practical in his approach to the law. No one who has taken the time thoroughly to review his record could call him an idealogue. I knew Bill Lee would be reasonable and practical in his approach to the job, and that he would be a top-notch enforcer of the nation's civil rights laws. All of this has proven true.  Over the past several months, Bill Lee has been acting head of the Civil Rights Division the way it should be run. Here in Washington, where we have a lot of show horses, Bill Lee is a work horse--a dedicated public servant who is working hard to help solve some of our nation's most difficult problems. He is solving problems every day in big and small cases, which are settled orbrought to trial by his remarkable team of attorneys in the Division.  During his tenure, the Civil Rights Division has resolved several hate crimes cases, including: In Idaho, six men pleaded guilty to engaging in a series of racially motivated attacks on Mexican-American men, women and children, some as young as 9-years-old; in Arizona, three members of a skinhead group pleaded guilty to burning a cross in the front yard of an African-American woman; and in Texas, a man pleaded guilty to entering a Jewish temple and firing several gun shots while shouting anti-Semitic slurs.  The Division has also been vigorously enforcing our criminal statutes, including: indictments against three people in Arkansas charged with church burning; guilty pleas by 16 Puerto Rico correctional officers who beat 22 inmates and then tried to cover it up; cases arising from Mexican women and girls, some as young as 14, being lured to the U.S. and then being forced into prostitution; and guilty pleas from 18 defendants who forced 60 deaf Mexican nationals to sell trinkets on the streets of New York. Out of concerns about slavery continuing in the U.S., Bill Lee has created a Worker Exploitation Task Force to coordinate enforcement efforts with the Department of Labor. I commend Mr. Lee for putting the spotlight on these shameful crimes.  Other significant cases which the Civil Rights Division has handled over the past year include the following: several long-standing school desegregation cases were settled or their consent decrees were terminated, including cases in Kansas City, Kansas; San Juan County, Utah; and Indianapolis, Indiana. Japanese-Latin Americans who were deported and interned in the United States during World War II also received compensation last year. Lawsuits in Ohio and Washington, D.C. were settled to allow women better access to women's health clinics.  This record indicates that Bill Lee has been running the Division the way it should be run. Over the past year, we have seen the strong and steady work of the Division -- solid achievements and effective law enforcement. I had high expectations for Bill Lee when he was nominated and I have not been disappointed. He is doing a terrific job, and I know that he will keep up the good work.  Given his outstanding work as Acting Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights, I urge the Committee and the Senate to take up his nomination and accord him the dignity of a Senate vote. I am confident that in a fair vote on his nomination Bill Lann Lee will be confirmed by the United States Senate as the Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights. He should no longer be relegated to second class status as an Acting Assistant Attorney General. He should be confirmed and serve out his term with the full measure of dignity accorded to all other Assistant Attorneys General in charge of Civil Rights during our history.  When Bill Lee appeared before the Committee for his confirmation hearing in 1997, he testified candidly about his views, his work and his values. He articulated to us that he understands that as the Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division his client is the United States and all of its people. He told us poignantly about why he became a person who has dedicated his life to equal justice for all when he spoke of the treatment that his parents received as immigrants. Mr. Lee told us how in spite of his father's personal treatment and experiences, William Lee remained a fierce American patriot, volunteered to serve in the United States Army Air Corps in World War II and never lost his belief in America.  He inspired his son just as Bill Lee now inspires his own children and countless others across the land. They are the kind of heroes that we honor and respect as fellow Americans. Mr. Lee told us:       My father is my hero, but I confess that I found it      difficult for many years to appreciate his unflinching      patriotism in the face of daily indignities. In my youth, I      did not understand how he could remain so deeply grateful to      a country where he and my mother faced so much intolerance.      But I began to appreciate that the vision he had of being an      American was a vision so compelling that he could set aside      the momentary ugliness. He knew that the basic American tenet      of equality of opportunity is the bedrock of our society.  I know that Bill Lann Lee has remained true to all that his father taught him and I hope that the ``momentary ugliness'' of people opposing his nomination based on an ideological litmus test, and of people distorting his achievements and beliefs, and of some succumbing to narrow partisanship, will not be his reward for a career of good works. Such treatment drives good people from public service and distorts the role of the Senate.  I have often referred to the Senate as acting at its best when it serves as the conscience of the nation. In this case, I am afraid that the Senate may show no conscience. I call on the Senate's Republican leadership to end their targeting of Bill Lann Lee and to work with us to bring this nomination to the floor without obstruction so that the Senate may vote and we may confirm a fine person to lead the Civil Rights Division into the next century. Racial discrimination, and harmful discrimination in all its forms--remains one of the most vexing unsolved problems of our society. Let the Senate rise to this occasion to unite the nation.  Bill Lann Lee is highly educated and highly skilled. He could have spent his career in the comfort and affluence of any one of the nation's top law firms. Yet he chose to spend his career on the front lines, helping to open the doors of opportunity to those who struggle in our society. And now some decry his lifetime of advocacy for civil rights by arguing that a civil rights advocate should not head the Civil Rights Division. The chief enforcement officer for our civil rights should be someone who believes in our civil rights laws.  Bill Lee's skills, his experience, the compelling personal journey that he and his family have traveled, his commitment to full opportunity for all Americans--these qualities appeal to the best in us. Let us affirm the best in us. Let us confirm--or at least allow the Senate to vote on the confirmation of this good man. We need Bill Lann Lee's proven problem-solving abilities in these difficult times.  If the Senate is allowed to decide, I believe he will be confirmed and will move this country forward to a time when discrimination will subside and affirmative action is no longer needed; a time when each child-- girl or boy, black or white, rich or poor, urban or rural, regardless of national or ethnic origin and regardless of sexual orientation or disability--shall have a fair and equal opportunity to live the American dream.  Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  