President, along with many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I have long been an advocate of legislation to enable and encourage the expansion of electronic commerce, and to promote public confidence in its integrity and reliability. In that bipartisan spirit, many of us worked together in the last Congress to pass the Government Paperwork Elimination Act, which established a framework for the federal government's use of electronic forms and signatures. I believe that the same spirit, and the same process of listening to the people involved and the experts on the issue, and of reasoned deliberation, could yield an electronic signatures and electronic contracting bill that would benefit our entire national economy.  Sadly, however, the bill before us today is not the product of such a process, and it is not such a bill. Where the Government Paperwork Elimination Act was an object lesson in bipartisanship, the bill before us today is an object lesson in special interest politics.  This bill has a history. If we listen to that history, we may hear some of the voices that have been silenced in the rush to bring it to the floor. So let me recount it briefly.  On May 27, the Commerce Committee held hearings on Senator Abraham's original S. 761. Remarkably, for a bill that proscribed rules for business-to-consumer transactions as well as business-to-business transactions, neither the Federal Trade Commission, nor state consumer protection authorities, nor any consumer advocates, were invited to testify at those hearings. Sometimes it seems that we forget that the purpose of commerce is to provide goods and services for consumers.  In June, neglecting the concerns of silent consumers, the Commerce Committee reported a bill of quite unprecedentedly sweeping preemptive effect. The Commerce-passed bill would have overridden untold numbers of federal, state and local laws that require contracts, signatures and other documents to be in traditional written form.  I was concerned that the Commerce-passed bill was federal preemption beyond need, to the detriment of American consumers. For example, the bill would have enabled businesses to use their superior bargaining power to compel or confuse consumers into waiving their rights to insist on paper disclosures and communications, evenwhen they do not have the technological capacity to receive, retain, and print electronic records.  On August 10, I asked the FTC whether S. 761 as reported by the Commerce Committee could undermine consumer protections in state and federal law, and how the bill might be improved. The FTC responded by letter dated September 3 that, while it shared the broad goals of S. 761, the bill's potential application to consumer transactions raised questions that needed to be addressed:       For instance, would the bill preempt numerous state      consumer protection laws? Would borrowers be bound by a      contract requiring that they receive delinquency or      foreclosure notices by electronic mail, even if they did not      own a computer? Would consumers who had agreed to receive      electronic communications be entitled to revert to paper      communications if their computer breaks or becomes obsolete?      Would consumers disputing an electronic signature have to      hire an encryption expert to rebut a claim that they had      `signed' an agreement when, in fact, they had not? What      evidentiary value would an electronic agreement have if it      could easily be altered electronically?  The FTC concluded that further clarification was needed to provide protection for consumers while allowing business-to-business commerce to proceed unimpeded.  Consumer and privacy advocates, consumer lawyers and law professors echoed the FTC's views. Among the many national organizations opposed to the bill: Consumer Union, Consumer Action, Consumer Federation of America, National Consumer Law Center, National Association of Consumer Agency Administrators, National Consumers League, National Center on Poverty Law, National Legal Aid and Defenders Association, National Senior Citizens Law Center, Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, United Auto Workers, U.S. Public Interest Research Group, and Utility Consumers Action Network. They wrote to the Senate on September 9, that, while consumers can potentially benefit from receiving information electronically, ``the broad-brush approach of S. 761 . . . would eviscerate important consumer protections in state and federal law, as well as interfere with a state's rights to protect its own consumers without imposing any protections against misuse, mistake, or fraud.''  The Commerce Department also came to oppose S. 761 as reported by the Commerce Committee, because of its spillover effect on existing consumer protection and regulatory standards. In a letter this month to the Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, the Commerce Department noted its concern that enactment of S. 761 was desired by some precisely because of this spillover effect.  Faced with a bill that proclaimed an objective that I agreed with, but also presented serious dangers for consumers, I committed to working with Senator Abraham and others to rewrite S. 761 in a manner that would benefit businesses and consumers alike. For many weeks, we strove to do the work that the Commerce Committee had failed to do, meeting with business and consumer representatives in order to make sure that we understood and fully addressed their concerns.  I was and still am proud of what this consultative process produced. The Leahy-Abraham compromise bill satisfied the primary and valid goal of the business community, which was to ensure that contracts could not be invalidated solely because they were in electronic form or because they were signed electronically. The bill also promoted competition and innovation by proscribing that regulations would not discriminate between reasonable authentication technologies. At the same time, the bill left in place essential safeguards protecting the nation's consumers.  As of September 28, then, the prospects looked good for a bipartisan compromise that furthered the interests of industry and consumers alike. The prospects looked even better two weeks later, when a bipartisan majority of the House Judiciary Committee adopted the Leahy-Abraham compromise bill as a substitute to the radically preemptive H.R. 1714.  That was the history of S. 761, until today. Senator Abraham is now seeking unanimous consent to pass a totally different bill, a bill that is more preemptive and potentially more harmful to consumers than the bill reported by the Commerce Committee in June. How did this reversal happen? I as one of the architects of the compromise was not consulted. But that is not what troubles me.  What troubles me is that, so far as I know, the FTC was not consulted; the Commerce Department was not consulted, and consumer groups were certainly not consulted. I do not know who was consulted, but I do know that, whatever process created this new bill, it was not a bipartisan process, it was not an open process, and it completely bypassed the Committee system.  What is in this mystery bill, which was unveiled less than 24 hours ago, and which we are now asked to pass by unanimous consent? A very small part of this bill focuses, as did the Leahy-Abraham compromise, on validating electronic contracts. A much larger part of the bill is devoted to electronic records, which is broadly and vaguely defined in such a way as to encompass any text on any computer anywhere.  The bill provides that if any law, federal or state, requires a record to be in writing, an electronic record satisfies the law. I frankly do not know what that means. My fear is it means that if a patient purchases medication from ``drugstore.com,'' the listing of dosage instructions and counter-indications on the ``drugstore.com'' web site could be deemed to satisfy the FDA's safety labeling requirements. To take another example, what happens if the homeowner cannot access an email from the bank threatening foreclosure because her computer is broken?  The bill also sweeps unduly broadly in its provisions on electronic signatures. Under this bill, if any law, federal or state, requires a signature, an electronic signature is deemed to satisfy that law. The term ``electronic signature'' is defined to include any electronic sound, symbol or process used with intent to sign and associated with an electronic record. This captures everything from the most secure, encrypted, state-of-the-art authentication technology to my typing my initials at the end of an email.  This one-size-fits-all legislative approach substitutes for the uniqueness and reliability of a human signature a wide range of unreliable and unauthenticable technologies, without providing any of the protections that, say, credit card owners have. To take an old-fashioned example, where parents used to sign their children's homework, this approach would suggest that the teacher should be satisfied by the sight of the parent's initials attached to an email. The ramifications are much more serious when we consider the prospect of children using insecure technologies to bind their parents to electronic transactions that they cannot afford.  There are other problems with this bill as well. It has a new and complex provision regarding what it calls ``transferable records,'' in effect, electronic negotiable instruments. This provision has never been considered by any Committee of the House or Senate, or to my knowledge by any banking regulators. Maybe the sponsors of the bill are prepared to take us through it in detail on the floor today. If not, we would be derelict in our duty if we brought into force a whole new legal regime that we have neither scrutinized nor understood.  Then there is the issue of preemption. State laws include a large number--usually thousands--of references to signatures and writings. A recent review of the Massachusetts General Laws uncovered over 4,500 sections dealing with or requiring a signature or writing, and I understand that this is typical among the states.  In some cases, it may be appropriate to reform such requirements to allow electronic means rather than paper and pen. In other cases, it may be appropriate to maintain paper requirements or, if the law is to be changed to allow electronic means, to tailor the law to maintain the legislative intent, as for example in the case of consumer protection provisions requiring conspicuous terms. But aside from a handful of specific exclusions, the new S. 761 does not attempt to differentiate among state laws, nor does it concern itself with the reasons why state legislatures required a signature or writing in the first place; rather, S. 761 simply wipes these thousands of state laws off the books.  We have heard a lot of late about the integrity of state law. We have heard that providing federal protections for battered women would unduly intrude on the states' authority. We have heard that allowing federal authorities to prosecute hate crimes would violate state sovereignty. It is interesting to note that the principal sponsor of this bill is also a cosponsor of S. 1214, the Federalism Accountability Act, which aims to protect the reserved powers of the states by imposing accountability for federal preemption of state and local laws.  I myself have always taken a more pragmatic line about the pros and cons of federal versus state law. But it is ironic to hear Members who speak the rhetoric of states' rights on a regular basis to turn around and advocate a bill that would preempt thousands of state laws ranging from the common-law statute of frauds to California's recent enactment of a modified version of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.  Finally, one important provision that we included in the Leahy-Abraham compromise is missing from this bill--a provision that asked the FTC to study the effectiveness of federal and state consumer protection laws with respect to electronic transactions involving consumers. That kind of scrutiny would be all the more valuable in the context of this new bill, which would radically change the legal landscape by stripping consumers of a host of current legal protections.  It is a disturbing testament to the power of special interests that the reporting provision at the end of this bill one-sidedly demands a report on what it calls ``barriers to electronic commerce,'' while creating no provision for any investigation of the effects of its new regime on the nation's consumers.  I do not consent to passage of S. 761 in its current form.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Allard). The Senator from Ohio.  