1754, the ``Denying Safe Haven to International and War Criminals Act of 1999,'' along with a technical amendment that strikes several provisions in the bill reported by the Judiciary Committee that would have had the effect of altering the applicability of current law in certain instances. Senator Hatch and I introduced this bill on October 20, 1999, with a number of provisions that I have long supported. The legislation will give United States law enforcement agencies important tools to help them combat international crime by facilitating international cooperation in the prosecution of criminal cases and ensuring that human rights abusers are denied safe haven in this country.  Unfortunately, crime and terrorism directed at Americans and American interests abroad are part of our modern reality. Furthermore, organized criminal activity does not recognize national boundaries. With improvements in technology, criminals now can move about the world with ease. They can transfer funds with the push of a button, or use computers and credit card numbers to steal from American citizens and businesses from any spot on the globe. They can commit crimes here or abroad and flee quickly to another jurisdiction or country. The playing field keeps changing, and we need to change with it.  This bill will help make needed modifications in our laws, not with sweeping changes but with thoughtful provisions carefully targeted at specific problems faced by law enforcement. We cannot stop international crime without international cooperation, and this bill gives additional tools to investigators and prosecutors to promote such cooperation, while narrowing the room for maneuver that international criminals, including human rights abusers, and terrorists now enjoy.  Regarding the Anti-Atrocity Alien Deportation Act (Title III), this bill contains as its last title the ``Anti-Atrocity Alien Deportation Act,'' which I introduced as S. 1375, on July 15, 1999, with Senator Kohl. Senator Lieberman is also a cosponsor. This legislation has garnered bipartisan support both in the Senate and the House, where the measure has been introduced by Representatives Foley, Franks and Ackerman as H.R. 2642 and H.R. 3058.  I have been appalled that this country has become a safe haven for those who exercised power in foreign countries to terrorize, rape, and torture innocent civilians. For example, three Ethiopian refugees proved in an American court that Kelbessa Negewo, aformer senior government official in Ethiopia engaged in numerous acts of torture and human rights abuses against them in the late 1970's when they lived in that country. The court's descriptions of the abuse are chilling, and included whipping a naked woman with a wire for hours and threatening her with death in the presence of several men. The court's award of compensatory and punitive damages in the amount of $1,500,000 to the plaintiffs was subsequently affirmed by an appellate court. See Abebe-Jira v. Negewo, 72 F.3d 844 (11th Cir. 1996). Yet, while Negewo's case was on appeal, the Immigration and Naturalization Service granted him citizenship.  As Professor William Aceves of California Western School of Law has noted, this case reveals ``a glaring and troubling limitation in current immigration law and practice. This case is not unique. Other aliens who have committed gross human rights violations have also gained entry into the United States and been granted immigration relief.'' The Rutland Herald got it right when it opined on October 31, 1999, that:       For the U.S. commitment to human rights to mean anything,      U.S. policies must be strong and consistent. It is not enough      to denounce war crimes in Bosnia and Kosovo or elsewhere and      then wink as the perpetrators of torture and mass murder slip      across the border to find a home in America.  The Immigration and Nationality Act currently provides that (i) participants in Nazi persecutions during the time period from March 23, 1933 to May 8, 1945, and (ii) aliens who engaged in genocide, are inadmissible to the United States and deportable. See 8 U.S.C. Sec. 1182(a)(3)(E)(i) and Sec. 1227(a)(4)(D). This legislation would amend these sections of the Immigration and Nationality Act by expanding the grounds for inadmissibility and deportation to cover aliens who have engaged in acts of torture abroad.  ``Torture'' is already defined in the Federal criminal code, 18 U.S.C. Sec.  2340, in a law passed as part of the implementing legislation for the ``Convention Against Torture,'' under which the United States has an affirmative duty to prosecute torturers within its boundaries regardless of their respective nationalities. 18 U.S.C. Sec.  2340A (1994). As defined in the federal criminal code, torture means any act committed by a person acting under the color of law specifically intended to inflict severe physical or mental pain or suffering upon another person within his custody or physical control. This could include prolonged mental harm caused by or resulting from the infliction or threat to inflict physical pain, threats to kill another person, or the administration of mind-altering substances or procedures calculated to disrupt profoundly the senses or personality of another person. Under this definition, torturers include both those who issue the orders to torture innocent people as well as those who implement those orders.  The legislation would also amend the Immigration and Nationality Act, 8 U.S.C. Sec.  1103, by directing the Attorney General to establish an Office of Special Investigations (OSI) within the Department of Justice with authorization to investigate, remove, denaturalize, or prosecute any alien who has participated in torture or genocide abroad. Attorney General Civiletti established OSI in 1979 within the Criminal Division of the Department of Justice, consolidating within it all ``investigative and litigation activities involving individuals, who prior to and during World War II, under the supervision of or in association with the Nazi government of Germany, its allies, and other affiliated [sic] governments, are alleged to have ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person because of race, religion, national origin, or political opinion.'' (Attorney Gen. Order No. 851-79). The OSI's mission continues to be limited by that Attorney General Order.  The legislation would provide statutory authorization for Office of Special Investigation, and would expand its jurisdiction to authorize investigations, prosecutions, and removal of any alien who participated in torture and genocide abroad--not just Nazis. The success of OSI in hunting Nazi war criminals demonstrates the effectiveness of centralized resources and expertise in these cases. OSI has worked, and it is time to update its mission. The knowledge of the people, politics and pathologies of particular regimes engaged in genocide and human rights abuses is often necessary for effective prosecutions of these cases and may best be accomplished by the concentrated efforts of a single office, rather than in piecemeal litigation around the country or in offices that have more diverse missions.  I appreciate that this part of the legislation has proven controversial within the Department of Justice, but others have concurred in my judgment that the OSI is an appropriate component of the Department to address the new responsibilities proposed in the bill. Professor Aceves, who has studied these matters extensively, has concluded that OSI's ``methodology for pursuing Nazi war criminals can be applied with equal rigor to other perpetrators of human rights violations. As the number of Nazi war criminals inevitably declines, the OSI can begin to enforce U.S. immigration laws against perpetrators of genocide and other gross violations of human rights.''  Similarly, the Rutland Herald recently noted that the INS has never deported an immigrant on the basis of human rights abuses, while the OSI has deported 48 ex-Nazis and stripped 61 of U.S. citizenship, while maintaining a list of 60,000 suspected war criminals with the aim of barring them from entry. Based on this record, the Rutland Herald concluded that the legislation correctly looks to OSI to carry out the additional responsibilities called for in the bill, noting that:       It resolves a turf war between the INS and the OSI in favor      of the OSI, which is as it should be. The victims of human      rights abuses are often victimized again when, seeking refuge      in the United States, they are confronted by the draconian      policies of the INS. It's a better idea to give the job of      finding war criminals to the office that has shown it knows      how to do the job.  Unquestionably, the need to bring Nazi war criminals to justice remains a matter of great importance. Funds would not be diverted from the OSI's current mission. Additional resources are authorized in the bill for OSI's expanded duties. I would like to recognize the reporting of Boston Globe reporter Steve Fainaru, whose ground-breaking series has illuminated the need for a more focused response to this problem.  Regarding the sections Denying Safe Haven to International Criminals and Promoting Global Cooperation (Title I and II), I initially introduced title I, section 102 of this bill, regarding fugitive disentitlement, on April 30, 1998, in S. 2011, the ``Money Laundering Enforcement and Combating Drugs in Prisons Act of 1998,'' with Senators Daschle, Kohl, Feinstein and Cleland. Again, on July 14, 1998, I introduced with Senator Biden, on behalf of the Administration, S. 2303, the ``International Crime Control Act of 1998,'' which contains most of the provisions set forth in titles I and II of this bill. Virtually all of the provisions in these two titles of the bill were also included in another major anti-crime bill, S. 2484, the ``Safe Schools, Safe Streets, and Secure Borders Act of 1998,'' which I introduced on September 16, 1998, along with Senators Daschle, Biden, Moseley-Braun, Kennedy, Kerry, Lautenberg, Mikulski, Bingaman, Reid, Murray, Dorgan, and Torricelli. In addition, Senator Hatch and I included title II, section 201 of this bill, regarding streamlined procedures for MLAT requests in S. 2536, our ``International Crime and Anti-Terrorism Amendments of 1998,'' which passed the Senate last October 15, 1998.  We have drawn from these more comprehensive bills a set of discrete improvements that enjoy bipartisan support so that important provisions may be enacted promptly. Each of these provisions has been a law enforcement priority.  Title I sets forth important proposals for combating international crime and denying safe havens to international criminals. The substitute amendment adopted by the Judiciary Committee to the original bill removed sections 1 and 2, which set forth detailed procedures and safeguards for proceeding with extradition for offenses not covered in a treaty.  Section 101 of the bill considered by the Senate today would add a new section 4116 to title 18, United States Code, authorizing the Attorney General to request the temporary transfer to the United States of a person, who is in pretrial detention or custody in aforeign country, to face prosecution, if the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of State, determines that such transfer would be consistent with the international obligations of the United States. The section would also authorize the Attorney General to transfer temporarily to a foreign country a person, who is in pretrial detention or custody in the United States and found extraditable to the foreign country, to face prosecution in the foreign country, if the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of State, determines that such transfer would be consistent with the international obligations of the United States. Consent of state authorities would be required for persons in state custody.  Section 102 is designed to stop drug kingpins, terrorists and other international fugitives from using our courts to fight to keep the proceeds of the very crimes for which they are wanted. Criminals should not be able to use our courts at the same time they are evading our laws. Specifically, this section adds a new section 2466 to title 28, United States Code, that would bar a person, who purposely leaves the United States or declines to submit to or otherwise evades U.S. jurisdiction where a criminal case is pending against the person, from participating as a party in a civil action over a related civil or criminal forfeiture claim. The Supreme Court recently decided that a previous judge-made rule to the same effect required a statutory basis. This section provides that basis.  Section 103 would amend section 4100(b) of title 18, United States Code, to permit transfer, on a case-by-case basis, of prisoners to their home country to serve their sentences, where such transfer is provided by treaty. Under this section, the prisoner need not consent to the transfer.  Section 104 would add a new section 4087 to title 18, United States Code, that would provide a statutory basis for holding and transferring prisoners who are sent from one foreign country to another through United States airports, at the discretion of the Attorney General.  Title II of the bill is designed to promote global cooperation in the fight against international crime. Section 201 would permit United States courts involved in multi-district litigation to enforce mutual legal assistance treaties and other agreements to execute foreign requests for assistance in criminal matters in all districts involved in the litigation. Specifically, this provision would add a new section 1785 to title 18, United States Code, that would authorize the Attorney General to present requests from foreign governments for assistance in criminal cases pursuant to mutual legal assistance treaties and other agreements when the enforcement involves multiple districts. Compulsory measures may be used to require persons to produce testimony or evidence where they reside or the evidence is located, or the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. A person ordered to produce testimony or evidence outside the jurisdiction of residence may petition to appear in the district where the person resides.  Section 202 outlines procedures for the temporary transfer of incarcerated witnesses. Mutual legal assistance treaties (``MLATS'') generally already provide a mechanism for the United States to send and receive persons in custody who are needed as witnesses, either in our courts or foreign courts for criminal cases. These witnesses are often cooperating to obtain a lighter sentence. Section 3508 of title 18, United States Code, enacted in 1988, already provides the authority, absent such a MLAT, for the Attorney General to request foreign witnesses, who are in custody, to come to the United States to testify in criminal cases here, and to assure their expeditious return to the foreign country. The bill would amend section 3508 to permit the Attorney General, as a matter of comity and reciprocity, to send United States prisoners abroad to testify, according to the terms and conditions of the MLAT. If there is no MLAT, the Attorney General may only send a United States prisoner abroad to testify with the prisoner's consent and, where applicable, the State holding the prisoner. Decisions of the Attorney General respecting such transfers are to be made in conjunction with the Secretary of State.  These are important provisions that I have advocated for some time. They are helpful, solid law enforcement provisions. I thank my friend from Utah, Senator Hatch, for his help in making this bill a reality. Working together, we were able to pass bipartisan legislation that will accomplish what all of us want, a safer and more secure America.  