President, one of the most significant amendments that the Senate adopted this summer as part of the Commerce-Justice-State appropriations bill was the Hate Crimes Prevention Act. This legislation strengthens current law by making it easier for federal authorities to investigate and prosecute crimes based on race, color, religion, and national origin. It also focuses the attention and resources of the federal government on the problem of hate crimes committed against people because of their sexual orientation, gender, or disability.  I commend Senator Kennedy for his leadership on this bill, and I am proud to have been an original cosponsor. Now is the time to pass this important legislation  Recent incidents of violent crimes motivated by hate and bigotry have shocked the American conscience and made it painfully clear that we as a nation still have serious work to do in protecting all Americans from these crimes and in ensuring equal rights for all our citizens. The answer to hate and bigotry must ultimately be found in increased respect and tolerance. But strengthening our Federal hate crimes legislation is a step in the right direction.  All Americans have the right to live, travel and gather where they choose. In the past we have responded as a nation to deter and to punish violent denials of civil rights. We have enacted federal laws to protect the civil rights of all of our citizens for more than 100 years. The Hate Crimes Prevention Act continues that great and honorable tradition.  Five months ago, Judy Shepard, the mother of hate crimes victim Matthew Shepard, called upon Congress to pass the Hate Crimes Prevention Act without delay. Let me close by quoting her eloquent words:       Today, we have it within our power to send a very different      message than the one received by the people who killed my      son. It is time to stop living in denial and to address a      real problem that is destroying families like mine, James      Byrd Jr.'s, Billy Jack Gaither's and many others across      America. . . . We need to decide what kind of nation we want      to be. One that treats all people with dignity and respect,      or one that allows some people and their family members to be      marginalized.  There are still a few weeks left in this session; we should pass the Hate Crimes Prevention Act this year.  