President, the Senator from Arizona has been doing a good job of running the traffic here today. I commend the Senator from Arizona for helping make the arrangements, and the Senator from Delaware for putting this vote off until tomorrow. I think there are a number of Senators who do wish to speak on both sides of this issue and should have a chance to speak. The Senator from Arizona and the Senator from Delaware and other sponsors of this amendment, the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. Dodd, and others are right in saying, give us a chance to speak before voting.  Mr. President, I intend to vote against tabling this resolution. I want other Senators to be very clear why I will not join the distinguished majority leader and the distinguished Democratic leader in their motion to table and why, like what I might normally do in a case like this, I will vote against such a leadership motion.  The United States, as the leader of NATO, is engaged in a costly and dangerous war in Kosovo that has immense importance for the people of Kosovo, for NATO, and for humanity. Horrendous war crimes are being perpetrated by President Milosevic's forces, and I believe that NATO has no alternative but to try to stop them.  We could debate how and why we got into this. We could debate, obviously, whether we are pursuing the best strategy to achieve our goals. We could debate the rationale for the $6 billion in supplemental funds the President has asked for to continue the war and care for the 1.5 million refugees and displaced people who are struggling to survive, many in a life-and-death struggle, but so far we have not had that debate.  Now, I support the supplemental funding. In fact, I believe the request for humanitarian assistance is too little. I believe we are not facing up to the reality that these refugees are not going to go back this year, and we are going to come very quickly to the fall months in that part of the world and into the winter. I know the weather; it is not unlike the weather in my own State of Vermont. They are going to be there--hundreds of thousands, if not well over a million refugees--throughout next winter. We are not looking at what those costs are going to be. I also will oppose this motion to table because I believe it is time for the Senate to debate our policy in Kosovo and take a stand on it one way or the other.  I want to be clear that by voting against tabling, I am not voting on the merits of this resolution. I am voting only to have a debate. The President has not sought such broad, open-ended authorization in the resolution. But even if he had, it is possible that the resolution may be too broadly worded. That is the sort of thing we would find in a debate, and I believe that the proponents of the resolution have done a service to the Senate by bringing it before us for a debate. If we think it should be different, then we can amend it and vote on it.  As my distinguished friend from West Virginia, the senior Senator, has noted, this resolution, if approved, would prematurely write the Congress out of any future debate on Kosovo. He raises a good issue, but one that should be debated. For example, the resolution would authorize the President to deploy ground troops even though he has not expressed an intention to do so, nor provided an assessment of what the costs and benefits of such a deployment would be.  But we need to debate this resolution. We saw what happened last week in the House--a partisan, muddled exercise that sent conflicting messages and solved nothing. For too long, we have seen a policy in Kosovo that is guided more by polls than by a policy with clearly defined, achievable goals and a credible strategy for achieving them.  The Senate can be the conscience of the Nation, and I believe, after my years here, the Senate should be the conscience of the Nation, and sometimes it is--but only when we rise to the occasion and debate an issue, as difficult as it may be. Issues of war and going to war and committing our men and women to war is as difficult an issue as we could ever debate here. It is an issue of the utmost gravity. It cries out for a thorough debate, and we should not shrink from it. We need the Senate to speak with substance, not sound bites, and we need the administration to do the same. The world's attention is on Kosovo. Many American lives are at stake, and so are billions of dollars of taxpayers' money.  So let us debate the resolution. The war is in its second month, and there isno end in sight. I must say again that I disagree with our leadership in saying that we should table this motion. I don't believe that. I don't believe the Senator from Arizona wishes this resolution to be tabled either. Let us debate. We will either vote for or against it. We will either vote to amend it or not. But 100 Senators will stand up and vote one way or another on this issue. Frankly, I think the American people would like to see that because they would like that kind of guidance.  Mr. President, I will not shrink from that responsibility. I will vote tomorrow against tabling this resolution. The resolution will probably be tabled. I hope that it will not be and that the Senate will stop all hearings, all other matters, and stay here and debate this resolution. We could do it. We have the people here to do it. We have the expertise here. I think we can come out with a very clear statement of American policy--perhaps a clearer one than we have heard to date.  Mr. President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Arizona for his usual courtesy. I see my distinguished colleague from Kentucky on the floor awaiting recognition.  I yield the floor.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Vermont and apologize for almost putting him out of order. The Senator from Kentucky wishes to speak for 10 minutes. I yield to him for that purpose.  