Speaker, the assault weapons ban was political theater by the Democrats. It was brought to the floor and passed because the President's pollster said it would be a hot issue for Democrats in the fall election. Repealing the ban is equally cynical political theater by the Republicans.  The fact is that the assault weapons ban has done nothing to stem violent crime. By the same token, it has caused little or no significant inconvenience for gun owners. I saw no reason to enact the ban in the first place and voted against it; I see no reason to continue this debate over symbolic measures here today. I'll oppose this repeal effort for the same reason I opposed the ban in the first place: it is symbol over substance. What we do here today will have little effect on violent crime and little effect on the rights of lawful gun owners.  After this meaningless debate is behind us, I'll continue to support the rights of law-abiding citizens to keep and bear arms. And I'll continue my staunch support for measures that will stop violent crime and put criminals who use guns behind bars for a very long time.  When the so-called assault weapons ban was first before the House, I voted against it. I said then and I'll say today that banning these weapons would do nothing to reduce violent crime in America. In fact, the ban didn't ban much of anything.  Consider this: the assault weapons ban specifically prohibits sale of the Colt AR-15, which is capable of firing up to 30 rounds of .223 caliber ammunition, each shot requiring a squeeze of the trigger. However, the bill specifically allows the continued sale of the Ruger Mini-14, which is capable of firing up to 30 rounds of .223 caliber ammunition, each shot requiring a squeeze of the trigger. The only difference between the two is that the Colt rifle looks more threatening. The ultimate irony, of course, is that the assault weapons ban didn't even make it illegal to sell AR-15's or any of the other weapons supposedly banned by the bill. It merely prohibited their future manufacture and made existing stocks more expensive.  In January of this year a man walked into an office building in Portland, OR, carrying a supposedly banned AK-47. He shot two people and took a number of others hostage before being apprehended by the police. Thankfully, no one was killed. The story is interesting for two reasons. First, he was using a supposedly banned assault rifle that he had legally purchased in 1995--after the assault weapons ban took effect. Second, he could just as easily have been using an equally dangerous rifle like the Ruger Mini-14, which was not banned by the so-called assault weapons ban.  If this repeal is adopted today, next year or the year after another ban will be offered that could be even more intrusive to legitimate gun owners. So let's quit kidding the American people into thinking this charade means anything. The debate here today is about people's emotions, not about measures that will actually reduce violent crime.  First, our system of justice must provide stiff sentences for criminals who use guns and for multiple violent offenders. Our communities desperately need more police on the streets. Unfortunately, Republican leaders are doing everything they can to cut funding we passed to put 100,000 new cops on the street.  Equally important, however, is a commitment to early intervention and prevention for at-risk youth. Until we as a society can begin to undo the harm that has been done to the hopes of millions of Americans, violent crime will almost certainly continue to plague us.  Let's do the people's business here and quit playing these cynical political games. Let's stop the debate over symbol and move on to substance.  