Speaker, in response to my colleague on the opposite side of the aisle, there were a number of times when I objected to the procedures under my own majority party, and there were times I voted against continuing resolutions, because I said we had not been given the opportunity to read them and understand them even if they were written by Democrats in the majority.  To say that because the Democrats, which I am fully willing to admit, at times abused their power or abused the rush to adjournment, then we should do it too, would it not be nice to change things around here? I thought we were going to have a revolution and do things in regular order.  This is not something that began last week, last month, this year, last year. This bill was originally introduced by Jay Inslee from Washington when the Democrats were in the majority. It received no action then. For some reason, whatever reason, it received no action, no hearings, no markup.  The esteemed gentleman from Pennsylvania chairs the subcommittee. I am certain in his busy schedule he could have found 2 hours, sometime in the last 6 months, to hold a hearing on this issue, and invite in the opposing parties and understand fully what we are entering into and doing here.  But that was not done. That was not done. It was not done under the Democrats, it has not been done under the Republicans. The only difference is in this case a few Members from Washington, despite the fact the former Speaker was from Washington, apparently had more clout with the leadership and they can jam something through that has not had hearings, it has not been heard, and no one fully understands the implications of.  The gentleman from California [Mr. Martinez] opened an extraordinary Pandora's box here with what he is proposing, although I think there is a mistake. I think his staffer needs a new accountant. When I was a staffer and lived in Maryland, I paid taxes in Oregon. They once asked me to pay taxes in Maryland and I sent them my Oregon return. They said, are you crazy? Your taxes are much higher. You should be paying taxes here, but since you paid taxes in Oregon, you do not have to pay them here. So I am a bit puzzled by what is happening to his poor staffer.  But there are a whole host of issues here and a whole host of commuter taxes out there that are being paid across the country, and what precedent are we setting, if this is legal and constitutional?  