Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, in response to the last gentleman, they are within 3.9 percent of the President's budget, but of course it erred on the side of increasing the rather generous allotment that the President has already made for these agencies, as though a fiscal crisis did not exist here in Washington.  This is an extraordinary debate, and I think the burden goes to those who are defending against a 10-percent cut in a secret number that we cannot know. Now, a case can of course be made that it is a dangerous world and we need these various organizations, and they need and can spend productively every penny which has been allocated, even a 4-percent increase over and above the generous allotment requested by the President.  But the burden does rest with the members of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence because they are overseers, they are the monitors, they are the protectors of the Constitution that says only Congress should appropriate funds and that it should know how much it is appropriating.  I do not know. I have not gone to look at the secret number, because if I go and look at the secret number, then I cannot tell people what the secret number is, which I can read in the New York Times. But this is somehow protecting us against the threats of our enemies. What it is protecting us against is fiscal responsibility at these agencies.  Now, wait a minute, the National Reconnaissance Agency, well, they did have a little problem. They built a building for some $300 or $400 million out at a shopping center, and Congress did not know about it. Perhaps the agency itself did not know about it or most parts of the agency did not know about it, because it keeps secrets from itself.  This is the agency that monitors everything that goes on on Earth at all times. At this moment they are recording my conversation, if not by supersecret satellite, from CNN, where they get a good deal of their information.  Now they are saying that they have found an extra $4 billion in their budget. Not to worry, $4 billion. We kill on the floor of the House of Congress, for a couple hundred thousand crummy dollars over here, and talk about welfare cheats and food stamp fraud and all that, and amounts of 10 or 20 or 30 thousands of dollars.  But here is an agency that had $4 billion, more than the total appropriation of the FBI and the State Department for their general operations, and they just did not know it, and that does not need that. Never too much money. No; an extra $4 billion. I mean given the magnitude of their annual budget, secret number, we cannot know how much that is, they needed this $4 billion. They just did not know they had it and they did not know how to spend it.  Now, there is something very, very wrong with this picture. They know everything that is going on. They are monitoring my speech on the floor, but they do not know how much money they have because they are so awash in funds, they cannot even be bothered to go out and buy a $39 software program to keep track of it.  Now, that is absurd, absolutely absured, and to say that that agency cannot withstand a cut of 10 percent is indefensible. The burden lies on those who would defend it. They get $4 billion they have not been able to spend, they did not know they had, and now they cannot withstand a 10-percent cut of their annual budget, secret number, no one can know it.  The Soviet Union might learn something from knowing how much we are spending on that agency. They will learn that we are spending more on these agencies than they are spending on their entire military budget, is what they will find. They will shake their head and wonder.  Of course the Soviet Union does not exist anymore, and that has almost percolated down to some of these agencies. They have found that fact out and we will be getting a report on that soon.  So I would rise in support of this amendment and say that the burden lies with those who would say an agency, just one of many, we do not know how much the others have lost or have an account that they have not spent. That is secret, too.  But just one of our supersecret agencies had $4 billion it did not know it had, that it has not spent, and we are being told now it was a management reserve. If that was a management reserve there, how much is reserved at the other agencies? Do they really need this year's budget? Because maybe they should spend down the reserve a little bit, because they might be at an imprudent level.  