 Mr. Speaker, we are really into the middle of the political silly season here. Nobody knows how many people exactly are impacted by this bill. No one knows exactly what the revenue impact is to the State of Oregon. The State of Oregon has been afforded no opportunity to comment. No hearings have been held. Not a single hearing, not one day, not one minute, not one second of hearings.  Before yesterday, nobody had the slightest idea that this bill might come forward. Here we are. Reelect the majority. They can delivery bills at the last minute that no one has read, no one understands, and no one is going to have an opportunity to review. I am going to object to this and call for a vote.  Mr. Speaker, this is ridiculous. Just like in a few hours we are going to vote on a continuing resolution for the entire Government of the United States of America larded down with thousands of special interest provisions that no Member of this body will have read. Not a one. The President of the United States has not even read it. He does not know what is in it. His people just made some deals for him.  Why are we not doing it tomorrow? Why are we not doing it Monday? Why do they not give us 36 hours to read it? Why do we not hold this bill over? If this is important, let us keep Congress in session until next week. We get paid. We do not get paid to campaign. We get paid to work. Let us stay in Washington and work. Let us not just jam bills through that no one understands.  There are a few constitutional implications here. Yes, there are some pretty extraordinary constitutional implications here. The Federal Government is going to tell the State of Oregon that it cannot tax people who it thinks it can rightfully tax given its jurisdiction.  What about New York? Let us do away with their commuter tax. We might get a little more excitement if we were doing away with New York's commuter tax. Or let us look at some of the other jurisdictions that levy commuter taxes.  This is an extraordinary precedent, possibly unconsititution, but the worst thing is it has not been heard, it has not been understood, it has not been properly noticed, and it is being jammed through here at the last moment.  I am going to at least put everybody on record and then when we revisit these issues in the future, a couple of Republicans from Washington State can go home and say, ``Hey, we were able to jam through a bill that would do something for some unspecified number of people from our State. Reelect us.''  I know you have got some tight reelections. Good luck. If you are back, I only hope that you are in the minority so we can discuss this in a different vein next year.  