Speaker, I would like to reiterate some of the points made by the gentlewoman from Colorado. There is a concern that a numberof amendments that might come toward the ends of consideration as we adopt a 3- or 4-hour limit will get short shift if we spend a predominant amount of time on amendments that do not have much significance to some Members.  The point is, we adopted a bill authorizing over $240 billion of expenditures for the Pentagon with not one single cutting amendment allowed. In fact, the gentlewoman from Oregon, I recall, wanted to offer an amendment, I think, to cut $1, and that was not allowed, which is to say that we are assured that this agency, this one agency of the Government is so unique. The largest agency of the Government with the largest budget that there is, not a single dollar of waste; that they could not benefit from any oversight from the Congress or any scrutiny of their programs or any active debate on some of the commitments that we are making that we will carry out for decades to come and cost tens and thousands of billions of dollars.  Mr. Speaker, I do not believe that and I do not think Members on that side of the aisle believe that. There is $15 billion that has gone missing, the accountants cannot find, over the last 10 years. If we had any other agency that could not account for an average of $1.5 billion a year of expenditures without any sort of receipt, I believe we would have special investigators and special prosecutors and special hearings and special committees. But that is a fact. That has happened at the Pentagon.  Mr. Speaker, we must have a full, active, and open debate here about the largest single budget, the largest single employer in the Federal Government. And I would hope that we do not find constraints being adopted.  This House was scheduled to be in session today, it was scheduled to be in session tomorrow, it was scheduled to be in session on Monday. And now we are hearing we have to skate out here tonight so that the east coast Members can catch their planes. There is only one an hour. Those of us from the west coast, it is just about too late to get home tonight. Let us stay here as late as is necessary to have a full and open debate.  