Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, we have had a lot of red herrings drug across the floor here. Rabies is not affected by this amendment. Human health and safety activities are totally exempt. Whether it is rabid animals or problem animals, those things can still be taken care of by ADC.  We have heard about environmental concerns from the other side. I am pleased to finally hear environmental concerns from the other side from the gentleman from Texas, maybe not a first but definitely somewhat unprecedented.  We accommodate endangered and threatened species in this amendment. It does not affect control efforts that deal with the preservation or safety of endangered or threatened species.  Quite simply, the amendment goes to the heart of this issue, which is, should the U.S. taxpayers subsidize a program of poisoning, baiting, killing, shooting from airplanes and others of predator species that may or may not be a particular problem, should they continue to avoid their mandate that they use other controls, should we spend $14 million doing this? Maybe we should go out and have a Federal program to acquire dogs. We could buy Great Pyrenees, kuvasz, Komondors, Bouvier des Flandres. You can get a heck of a lot of them for $14 million, and if they live 10 years, we would not have to spend any more money.  The issue is, many ranchers have become dependent upon practices that are not the most prudent practices, to have calving or birthing of lambs in areas that are problem areas without any herders present, without themselves being present.  As we saw earlier, actually more of the livestock die with calving problems, 17 percent, than with the predation problems, 3 percent. But in any case, they are saying we need this program. If they need the program, they should pay for it themselves. They should go to their county or State, have the county or State pay for it.  It is time to put this Federal anachronism to bed. At a time when we are cutting back on every other program here in order to get to a balanced budget, we should no longer subsidize the indiscriminate killing by the animal disease control people and we should continue in the areas of health, safety, airports, and endangered species.  