Chairman, I offer an amendment.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Amendment offered by Mr. DeFazio: In section 319 (relating      to timber), strike the first, second, and third sentences.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. Pursuant to the order of the House of Wednesday, June 19, 1996, the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. DeFazio] will be recognized for 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon for 5 minutes.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, this is on the issue of log exports. Log exports are the timber industry's best kept secret. While the industry stands united in its attempt to pass riders to appropriation bills that will accelerate Federal timber harvests, they have maintained an informal truce within their ranks on the continued practice of raw log exports from the Pacific Northwest even though the export of raw logs clearly hurts the nonexporting lumber and timber manufacturing companies in the Northwest.  Last year, 1.6 billion board feet of logs were exported from Oregon and Washington to mills in Japan and the Far East. That is more than twice the amount of timber sold on Federal forests during this time. Most of those logs went to supply some of Japan's 16,000 lumber mills, mills that are protected from competition by a dense fabric of trade barriers and subsidies.  In 1990 Congress overwhelmingly approved a permanent ban on the export of unprocessed timber from national forests, BLM and State-owned lands. I was one of the primary authors of that legislation. An important part of that law prohibited a law against an exporting company from purchasing Federal timber for its mills as a replacement for private timber the company is exporting.  Let me repeat that. The law says a company that exports logs and owns domestic timber mills cannot purchase Federal timber as a replacement for private timber it exports. The practice is known as substitution; it is nothing more than a back-door export of Federal timber.  There is one exception, which is called a sourcing area. The Department of Agriculture, the Forest Service, was supposed to upgrade and determine new sourcing areas for the Pacific Northwest with the changes in the forest economy and the prices bid on logs. Unfortunately, last year in the appropriation bill and this year in the appropriation bill is a prohibition on new regulations to implement changes in the sourcing areas.  Now, I will admit, I will be one of the first to admit, the Forest Service is not perfect. I think there are some problems with their proposed regulations, but we have seen no progress since last year, and I am afraid that this year, if another prohibition is adopted, the Forest Service will take it as another opportunity to not act and to further promulgate regulations or improve the regulations that they have proposed.  So it is my hope, in standing to offer this amendment today, that we can begin to get some movement downtown, and hopefully they are listening at the Department of Agriculture and the Forest Service, on reasonable new sourcing regulations to prevent the back-door export of logs from the Pacific Northwest, where it is prohibited under existing law.  