Mr. Speaker, I have grave concerns with the efficacy of the Federal Aviation Administration's measures to combat terrorism aimed at aviation targets. Over the past decade I have made these concerns known to both present and past administrators at the FAA. We need to address these issues through comprehensive and well thought out legislation. If this bill is a good faith attempt to pass stop-gap-type legislation that we can reconsider and perfect in September, then I support this effort. However, if this legislation is being hailed as the ultimate solution to a serious problem, then this bill is clearly a sham.  I understand the desire on the part of many Members of Congress to react swiftly to recent tragedies such as the bombing in Atlanta last week and the downing of TWA Flight 800 last month. We are all anxious to adopt strong security measures to try and correct any current deficiencies in aviation security. But we have had plenty of opportunities to review this type of legislation. I supported many of the measures recommended after the Lockerbie tragedy that have never been adopted by the FAA. For example, we should have adopted recommendations mandating screening of security personnel and development of bomb resistant cargo containers in conjunction with prompt deployment of effective bomb screening devices. However, the United States remains years behind schedule in adopting these proposals.  Aviation security is a serious matter concerning the life or death of our citizens. It is far too serious to deal with in a slapdash bill thrown together by Republican staff behind closed doors in a 24-hour period. There are some provisions in this bill that I fully support and do not find objectionable. I am pleased that the bill recommends a commission on airline safety and security, although this seems to be duplicative of the recently created Gore commission. Some provisions are well intentioned but not practicable. There are other provisions that are outright counterproductive.  We should not rush to a vote on this legislation on the pretext that this is the most comprehensive effective step we can take to combat terrorism particularly if it precludes more thoughtful legislation in September.  