Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, I think those listening to the debate are perhaps becoming a bit confused. We have heard from the esteemed chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary how these secret agreements and the antitrust exemptions will lead to a freer market, more competition, benefit all shippers, particularly possibly maybe smaller shippers and others, and those who have been listening to the debate have heard the opposite from this side of the aisle.  I guess that is a good argument to basically withdraw this bill and go back to the committee of jurisdiction on which I sit and hold a hearing. It would be nice to hear from the broad interests that are going to be impacted by this bill in some detail how they believe this will affect American ports, American shippers, American workers, and the American maritime industry, such as it is. But no hearings were held and none will be held before this bill is voted on. That is absurd, for something that has such a tremendous economic impact, or potential impact on this country.  I respectfully disagree with the prior speakers on that side of the aisle. I believe that antitrust immunity linked to secret, nonpublished tariffs and rates will lead to an anticompetitive environment, an environment that is particularly to the disadvantage of small- and medium-sized shippers and the businesses which they serve. I believe that this will also bring about problems for medium-sized and smaller ports in America.  I do not believe a country that concentrates all of its shipping in two or three large ports is a healthy nation, particularly a maritime nation such as the United States of America. So for those Members who represent States which contain medium-sized or smaller-sized ports, if they do not represent a megaport, this bill in all probability will deprive their port, their State, of vital interests and of carriage through those areas. That means job loss, competitive loss, competitive disadvantage for their States.  Beyond that, I disagree also, Mr. Chairman, on the fact that this will somehow disadvantage the foreign cartels; to have antitrust immunity, and secret agreements, and no transparency, and no publication of rates and tariffs is somehow going to disadvantage foreign cartels, who are right now trying to drive American shippers out of business and trying to channel business through a few select ports. No, I do not believe this bill is going to help that situation. In fact, I believe it is going to make it worse.  There is only one remedy. We can get the savings proposed here by eliminating the Maritime Commission. We can get the savings and the efficiency that underlie other parts of this bill, and we can maintain competition, maintain a viable environment for small shippers, medium shippers, small ports, medium ports if the bill is amended with the Oberstar amendment, which the chairman of the full committee objects to vehemently.  Again, perhaps we could sort those differences out if we went back and held a hearing. But absent a hearing, I think we should act in a way that is prudent to protect America's interests and the diversity of interests in this country by adopting the Oberstar amendment. And absent the Oberstar amendment, I and many others will not support this legislation.  