. 3539 under suspension of the rules because this bill is long overdue and greatly needed by our Nation's airports and air travelers. However, during the subcommittee's consideration of this legislation and the full committee's markup of the bill I offered an amendment that I would have also liked to offer during floor debate. I was disappointed that the House of Representatives planned to consider H.R. 3539--which authorizes $30 billion for the FAA and airport improvements--under suspension of the rules and I would not be permitted to offer my amendment.  Although much of H.R. 3539 is not controversial, a section was included in this bill that would authorize a pilot program to facilitate the privatization of publicly owned airports. I strongly object to this provision and believe that many Members would voice similar concerns were a full debate possible. At this time I would like to take a moment to outline my objections and explain what my amendment would have done.  The current privatization provisions in H.R. 3539 allow private entities to own and operate airports that have previously been operated as a public entity. However, under the bill, these private companies would have absolutely no obligation to repay the Federal investment in these properties. This is a rip-off for the U.S. taxpayers and corporate welfare at its worst. Since 1946, the Federal Government has awarded over $23.5 billion in airport grants to finance construction, improvements, and maintenance. The U.S. taxpayers funded these grants and should be reimbursed.  My amendment would require entities that purchase or lease airports under the pilot program authorized in H.R. 3539 to repay public Federal investments made to the airport. At the discretion of the FAA these Federal grant repayments could be adjusted to account for depreciation. Funds generated by the repayment would be used to finance FAA safety programs.  Although my amendment was defeated in committee, I believe that after a full public debate on the House floor, many Members would have agreed with my argument and my efforts to make this legislation more fiscally responsible. In addition, other Members had asked to be included in the debate and would have spoken in support of my amendment.  Gifting the Federal investment in these airports to private entities is just another example of corporate welfare. The Federal grants amount to a windfall for private investors, at the expense of the U.S. taxpayers. Under the rationale of the privatization section of the bill, all public entities--including highways and office buildings--should be up for grabs without any obligation to repay the Federal investment.  This section of H.R. 3539 is highly controversial and should be carefully reviewed before enacted into law. The only current example we have of airport privatization is from Great Britain's experience. In this case commercial airports were owned and financed directly by the central government, unlike in the United States where airports are owned by local government. The British Government sold these airports for $2.5 billion in a public share offering, generating significant capital for the taxpayers.  Even after privatization, the British Government found it necessary to impose a system of price controls on landing fees at the private airports. The airports remain subject to regulation of airlines' access, airports' charges to airlines, safety, security and environmental protection. The Government also maintains the right to veto new airport investment or divestiture.  Although I continue to object to the privatization section of this legislation, I will be supporting the bill because it includes authorization for needed Federal expenditures. In addition, I am extremely pleased that the bill also includes, at my request, language eliminating the dual mandate of the FAA. This new language will clearly direct the FAA to promote the safety of air travel, not promote the airline industry. I have long sought this change in the FAA's authorizing statute and I thank the committee for including this in the bill we are considering today.  