DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me this time. There are, indeed, many important parts to this legislation, those that go to security, those that go to the infrastructure of the air traffic system in this country, and a provision which I worked hard to get in my decade here in Congress; that is, to finally say that the FAA's business is to regulate in the public interest and regulate for safety and not promote the airlines.  Those are the good parts of this bill. They have merit and they should be enacted into law.  Unfortunately, what we have here is one last attempt at the very last moment to put in an extraneous matter, voted on by neither committee of jurisdiction, voted on neither by the House or the Senate, to benefit one very large multinational corporation who has generously filled many campaign coffers of Members of this House and the other body.  This is not a technical correction. It is not a technical correction. Do trucks run on rails? No. Well, we are going to classify Federal Express for the purposes of this bill as a rail carrier.  Now, Mr. Speaker, there is one very simple reason for that. It makes it a lot harder to organize. So, once again, the working people of this country are going to be screwed by a large corporation, screwed behind the closed doors of a conference committee. Special interest provisions are being put into what is an otherwise meritorious must-pass bill for this Congress.  We can defeat this bill and send a message to the big corporations: It is not business as usual here in Washington anymore.  What happened to the changes in the revolution? Is this the revolution? Special interest for one large corporation stuck into a bill that otherwise benefits the people of America generally and would not hurt the working people. It is not too much to ask.  Reject this bill. If we do not reject it, the President may well veto it. Let us reject it, send it back to conference, get the special interest provision, this provision for one large company, taken out and get a clean bill.  