  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, I plan to vote for the conference report to H.R. 3103 because it provides needed relief for Americans by guaranteeing portability of health insurance and limiting pre-existing condition exclusions. This is an important step in improving access to health care for individuals who were previously denied coverage. I am pleased to see the Congress come together to ensure these minimal protections. However, I remain disturbed by important provisions left out of the conference report and by harmful provisions in the bill which need to be corrected.  Mr. Speaker, for the past 3 months I have been trying to persuade my colleagues to include the Senate provisions on parity of mental health coverage in the final version of H.R. 3103. These provisions were inserted in the Senate version of the health insurance reform bill by an overwhelming vote of 68 to 32. While the Senate conceded to a compromise on the controversial House-passed medical savings accounts provisions, there was no comparable compromise on the mental health parity provisions. These is absolutely no relief in this bill for the millions of Americans who suffer from mental illnesses. It is with great sadness that I am voting for health care legislation which completely ignores this vulnerable segment of our population.  I want my colleagues and the American people to know that I'm not going to give up on this issue. We have a majority of Senators who have gone on record supporting parity coverage for mental illness. I was joined by over 100 Members of Congress, from both political parties, in a letter to conferees supporting the Senate provisions. We will continue the fight against discrimination by insurance companies of people with mental illness and I believe we will ultimately achieve a victory.  In addition, I am very concerned about a provision in the conference report that threaten the continued privacy of our medical records. As Americans we cherish our fundamental right to privacy. Over the past few decades we have seen this right chipped away by technological advances we could never foreseen. We have all seen how legislation ensuring the continued right to privacy has not kept up with these advances. This conference report strikes another blow at our privacy by requiring administrative simplification of medical records without providing adequate protections. The bill imposes national standards for the collection and distribution of data for billing purposes and requires the use of a ``unique identifier'' for medical records. Shockingly, it does not prohibit the use of Social Security numbers for this identifier. If Social Security numbers are used for medical records' access virtually anyone will be able to screen our most private medical history. This must be addressed either through corrective legislation or Administrative action.  Mr. Speaker, I'm not going to vote against this bill and deny relief to so many Americans just because of these concerns. But, I'm distressed that we are being forced to swallow these anti-privacy provisions and I think its shameful that the leadership has left out so many of our needy citizens who need adequate insurance coverage. I urge my colleagues to take my concerns to heart and work with me in the future to correct these serious flaws.  