Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, the question before the Members of the House is quite simple. Will the Pentagon be exempt from the cuts which we are going to exact on every other part of the Government as we move toward a balanced budget in the year 2002, something that is absolutely essential to the economic security of our Nation? Is the Pentagon spending every penny and has it spent so well every penny in its whole budget that it should be exempt and not only exempt but it should get an add-on over and above that requested by the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Secretary of Defense, and the President of the United States?  Should they be exempt from procurement reform, prioritization, new efficiencies? I think not. I will use a couple of examples. I mentioned one earlier.  In a GAO audit of procurement by the Department of Defense over the last decade, there is $15 billion, B, billion dollars totally unaccounted for, $15 billion was spent for which no one can find a receipt, a disbursement or a purpose, $15 billion. What was it spent on?  Was it spent on essential things, perhaps it could have acquired the GPS little handout units and the little laptop computers that will cost about 5,000 bucks a plane for the 500 planes in the fleet, $2.5 million. That would be a tiny fraction of the missing $15 billion, but it was not spent there.  I believe if Congress begins to clamp down a little bit on the mismanagement at the Pentagon that they will spend the money more wisely and effectively and defend America even better than they have in the past, certainly more cost effectively.  Fifteen billion dollars. If any other agency of the Government could not account for $15 billion of spending over the last decade, there would be an uproar like we would not believe, but here it is ho hum, give them more money. If they cannot account for $15 billion, let us increase their budget this year by $11 billion.  Then there is the warehouse situation. We have done a little bit of looking at what is in the warehouses. It is essential that we must have more money this year. Well, there is $36 billion of equipment in the warehouses that exceeds the 100-year requirementof the Pentagon for operations, including wartime contingencies. This is $36 billion of wasteful acquisition, things sitting in warehouse, vacuum tubes for equipment that no longer exists. They did get rid of the leather stock, I believe, for chaps for the cavalry, but there is still other things in 10 million cubic feet of warehouses. Yet this is the same agency that we are told has to be able to write its own ticket that comes forward and tells us what additional acquisitions they need with no scrutiny.  Now, I believe the original request was excessive, given these points. But certainly the request before this body which busts the budget and puts us on an upward trend in the deficit next year is not warranted nor necessary. I believe that the Pentagon, the defense of the United States and certainly the taxpayers of the United States, we would all benefit if very simply we just said no. You got a lot of money over there. Spend it a little more effectively. Figure out what you did with that $15 billion and maybe you can spend it again, or how about you figure out what to do.  Let us have a garage sale with the $36 billion of equipment that exceeds the 100-year operational requirement of the military even in wartime contingency. Maybe there are some antique collectors somewhere that would like to buy some of that stuff.  