Speaker, I guess my question would be if this is so simple and such a no-brainer, and there may well be some equity issues here, why was it not brought up under the famous Corrections Day procedure when some scrutiny could have been applied? Why is it being brought up with less than 24 hours notice the day of the adjournment of the House of Representatives to run home for reelections without reading or understanding what we are passing in the last 24 to 48 hours?  It is simple. This body is a full-blown majority party, and let us have a process that makes sense for the people of the United States. This bill might have good arguments, but the arguments have not been made. The State of Oregon and the State of Washington have not been heard before the committee.  The persons to be impacted have not been heard before the committee. We have not understood the constitutional implications. I always heard States rights from that side of the aisle. States rights, States rights. We are preempting a State here today. What precedent are we setting by presenting one State with this? What other States have transborder issues?  Washington State does not have an income tax. That is one of the issues before us is, these people do not pay income taxes in the State of Washington, because they do not have an income tax. There are many thousands of people that live across the border in Washington State who commute over the bridge to go daily to work, all the way over into Portland and other places across the river.  So there is a host of issues here. Certain jurisdictions, cities, counties, and others, have commuter taxes. I do not know if any other States have them. I do not know if other States are in a similar situation. I do not believe anybody on that side of the aisle can answer that question if I ask it. No one knows, because no hearings were held, not a single one. If this is such a slam-dunk, you could have had one hearing, 2 hours, brought the bill up under Corrections, last week, the week before, back in July. Why not? This is wrong.  