Chairman, we have heard, I believe, some really interesting and creative accounting here with the chart from the chairman of the Committee on the Budget and the ranking member. They would have us believe that, over time and currently, that we are spending more than we collect in dedicated taxes to maintain the transportation infrastructure of our country, and they are most interested in balancing the budget and keeping the books straight.  If that were true, then I am confused as to why the Committee on the Budget chairman and the ranking member are not supporting this bill. If it is true that we are now subsidizing these trust funds, I am willing to live with reality. Let us only spend the dedicated taxes that we take in that are levied on the people of the United States, in gas taxes and in ticket taxes and other taxes that support this infrastructure. Let us only spend that.  I am willing to live with that. Are they? No, they are not, because in fact they are taking money out the back door to defray other expenses of the Federal Government. They are borrowing every penny that is accumulated in the trust fund balance, and it has been spent and replaced by IOU's.  It is also interesting to me that in a Congress that is interested in growth and investment, that we do not have a little more discussion from some of those in opposition about what it means to spend money that is invested. If you spend money in a bridge, a highway, in mass transit, that money will provide economic benefits for decades to come. Yet we treat that the same as money spent for a one-time expenditure of something consumable and thrown away by the Federal Government. Does that make any sense? It makes no sense whatsoever.  These funds are raised to be invested to improve the transportation and infrastructure of this country, and no one in this body can tell me or any other Member who is informed that we have met those needs, with bridges falling into the rivers and highways in disrepair and mass transit going unbuilt. We need to get these funds off-budget  