Speaker, I take this opportunity to remark upon the passing of an extraordinary man of my district. Erie Sauder of Archbold, OH died June 29, 1997 at the age of 92 years.  Erie Sauder was a visionary, an entrepreneur, and a deeply spiritual man. A living legend in his own community of Archbold, hewas well known among the larger community as well. In fact, even the world knew of him, through his company's products. Mr. Sauder was the founder and chairman of the board of Sauder Woodworking. The world's largest manufacturer of ready-to-assemble furniture, Sauder Woodworking employs 3,000 Archbold area residents. Along with two subsidiaries of the company and Mr. Sauder's signature piece, Sauder Farm and Craft Village, his enterprises are the lifeblood of the community. Sauder Farm and Craft Village is a living history of northwest Ohio, a recreation of a pioneer village which brings to life the day-to-day activity of its residents. The village also includes an auditorium, restaurant, and inn, and over two million people visit it each year to get a glimpse of an understanding of life in the 19th century.  A man of faith and deep moral conviction, Erie Sauder was a scholar of the Scriptures and Mennonite Church history. He was an active congregant in four churches, most recently the Pine Grove Mennonite Church. His work with the church led him to become a founding member of the Mennonite Economic Development Association. Through this organization, he made 18 trips to Paraguay, directing a development project which put to work thousands of indigent Paraguayans. Mr. Sauder looked upon that project as his most satisfactory achievement. His spirituality and civic-mindedness is evident in the other boards on which he served: Sunshine Children's Home--for profoundly disabled children; Ohio Mission Board; Oaklawn Center; Farmers and Merchants State Bank; Goshen College and Defiance College.  A grounded man who never forgot his roots, Erie Sauder received much recognition in his later years. He was honored as Archbold's Citizen of the year in 1969 and the State of Ohio's Senior Citizen of the Year in 1986. He was inducted into the Northwest Ohio Area Office on Aging's Hall of Honor in 1986. He received the Ohio Designer Craftsmen Award in 1987 and the Governor's Award in 1992.  He has also been recognized by the Maumee Valley Girl Scout Council and the Ohio 4-H Foundation for his generous support of the organizations' programs.  A man of considerable fortune who grew up poor on a Fulton County farm, Erie Sauder's charity was legendary. In addition to his contributions to the Sauder Farm and Craft Village, his business, and many other programs, his obituary notes that his good deeds ``ranged from donating an organ to his church to donating $1 million toward the construction of Archbold's new library.'' His community truly felt his presence and he treated everyone in it as his friend.  Erie Sauder survived his first wife, Leona, their daughter, his sister Mabel and brother Leo. He leaves to this life his wife Orlyss, his sons Delmar, Maynard, and Myrl, stepdaughter Elaine, sisters Lucretia and Herma, nine grandchildren and eleven great-grandchildren. May they find comfort in his memory and in the lasting legacy he left in the form of his entrepreneurship and in living his faith.