Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their forbearance here. I feel privileged to join the gentleman from New Mexico [Mr. Skeen], our subcommittee chair, and all of our committee members in supporting this conference report on H.R. 2160, our fiscal year 1998 Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and related agencies appropriation bill.  I just want to say that this bill truly represents a bipartisan, bicameral compromise in our efforts to provide critical support for the Department of Agriculture, Food and Drug Administration, and other agencies funded in this bill. This will help our Nation remain at the leading edge for food production, fuel production, fiber and forest production, as well as agricultural research, trade promotion, and food and drug safety.  Mr. Speaker, there cannot be too many places in this Congress where one is privileged to serve on a committee where in a week he can talk about windmills and lambing season, child nutrition, and coyotes all at the same time. We are very pleased that the additional funding that is included in this bill will help us on our important research programs, our conservation programs, and our rural housing and development programs. The agreement also fully funds the budget request for youth tobacco prevention and food safety initiatives under the Food and Drug Administration.  I would like to acknowledge and thank the very talented and hard-working subcommittee staff: Tim Sanders, Carol Murphy, John Ziolkowski, JoAnne Orndorf, Doug Lawrence, Sally Chahbourne, and Roberta Jeauquent. We all rely on these individuals' experience and expertise in agriculture programs; and without their help, we would not be on this floor today.  I have to say to the gentleman from New Mexico [Mr. Skeen], my good friend, the chairman, I shall always remember that he has been the chair of this committee during the first year that I served as its ranking member, and these moments will remain among my treasured moments in this Congress.  Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Stenholm].  (