Speaker, I reluctantly rise in support of this rule because, once it is passed, Members like myself who oppose H.R. 400 are going to be given about 15 minutes out of the hour, only one-quarter of the time to present our views. That is typical of what has been happening on this extremely important bill.  I understand what the floor managers have to do here, but I truly object to the fact that we are not given equal time during debate to handle a bill ofthis magnitude. There is absolutely no question that this bill concerns America's future. It concerns our jobs. It concerns who controls our technology.  To be muzzled on the floor when we consider a bill that has constitutional implications is beyond my wildest dreams. Why would they do this to us? We know the Committee on Small Business has not been able to hold hearings because small inventors have not been allowed to present their case to the Congress. Now on the floor we will also have our hands tied behind our backs and be allowed so little time to discuss the merits.  In view of that, I say to the Members who are listening to this debate and to the people of the country, how many complaints have you ever gotten from your inventors about the current patent system? The United States leads the world in patent filings. We have 10 times more intellectual property breakthroughs than any other Nation in the world. Why would we want to change our system?  I heard the prior speaker say, ``Japan or some other country.'' But, we lead the world. Why would we want to do anything to harm the system that has created the largest industrial and agricultural power on the face of the Earth? There is much at stake here, and there are many private interests that want to get their hands into what is happening at our Patent Office. We understand that well.  But there is more at stake here than just arcane rules that may be administered by a department that handles our patents.  I say to the membership, if they have not read this bill, if they do not understand its implications, vote no on H.R. 400 and vote for the substitute.  We will talk a lot about how the period is shortened for our inventors where, if you file a patent, in 18 months they will be able to get your blueprints. Your work will not be kept secret as it is today until the patent is issued. That is absolutely wrong. Why would we want to do that to the people who are creating our future in this country?  Why would we want to corporatize the Patent Office and take away the objectivity of its examiners? And why in heaven's name would you want to produce a bill, page 11, lines 15 through 17, which permits this Office, which will not have the same kind of control we have today, to accept monetary gifts or donations of services, of real estate, personal or mixed property in order to carry out the functions of the Office? We have seen all kinds of bribes in this city.  I hear from the chairman that may be out. Well, I will be really interested in what else is out of the bill because this truly is a work in progress. It is unfair to the membership. It is unfair to the people of this country who are creating our future to be muzzled here on this floor.  