Chairman, it is obvious that this patent bill has engendered substantial and necessary debate. That means that there are some unsolved problems inherent in the basic bill.  One of the most important issues that we wish to bring up for amendment today has to do with the treatment of small business as opposed to big business in the base bill. Our amendment would exempt small business as defined by the Patent Office itself, 500 or fewer employees, based on the fee schedule that they use to distinguish between large and small business. It would exempt small business, universities, and individual independent inventors from having their patents published prior to when that patent is granted. This gets at one of the major objections of the opponents to the base bill.  Our amendment also fixes the submarine problem, which I will discuss in a second, but basically it sets up a process that is more fair to get at the problem of when a patent has not risen out of the depths of the review process, and, third, it strikes the reexamination provisions. Because what we do not want to do is to open up more litigation for the small inventor that really does not have the deep pockets of some of those who very much want to receive some of the benefits in the parts of H.R. 400 that we do like.  So our amendment has three parts to it: It exempts small business, universities, and individual independent inventors from having their patents published prior to grant. We do this because in the base bill the 18-month publication would reveal new ideas to the world technical community before that inventor had the patent and, frankly, that is an open invitation to stealing, it is an open invitation to copying, and it places a much greater burden on that inventor, especially when they are small, to protect their invention. Our amendment also is proposed because we want to offer the small inventor some leg to stand on, a fairer system.  Our amendment is also offered because we want to make sure that foreign corporations and foreign governments do not have easier access to American technology as proposed by small inventors, and we want to protect from this undue litigation that seems to be burdening our system from one end to the other, and why complicate it more under the proposed bill?  I might just point out that in the way the H.R. 400 is currently proposed, if you end up defending your patent, that will not happen in a court of law. There will not be a jury. There will not be a judge. You will be in the Patent Office, this new creature, we do not know what it is going to look like yet, and it is going to take a lot of money to defend yourself in this new system that is being set up and this new entity that is being set up.  So our effort is to say, look, OK, for those people who want to play that game, let them do it, but for the small inventors and the small businesses and the university community that do not want to get engaged in that system, give them a level playing field to play on as well.  I might mention that in 1995, the White House Conference on Small Business adopted a recommendation which specifically recommended to Congress that patent applications remain unpublished until the patent is granted. That was the White House Conference on Small Business, a large group of people that come in here from across the United States. This was an important enough issue that they put it on the agenda of the White House Conference on Small Business. They do have legitimate concerns. We are only asking those who have already started to repair H.R. 400 to please consider this proposal.  We incorporate in the amendment as well important language to deal with the submarine patent issue. The amendment adopts the Rohrabacher language in the substitute that was debated last week, and our amendment lays out specific exceptions for when a patent can be published early, perhaps due to continuous delays, perhaps abandonment, perhaps pending more than 5 years, all of the concerns of the proponents.  