Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I will yield time to the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hoyer] in just a second, but I wanted to answer the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Goodlatte], since he referenced me at least three times in his remarks.  Mr. Chairman, I see a big difference between 18 months, 17 years, and 20 years. Under the bill the gentleman supports, the gentleman requires that there be publishing of all patent applications 18 months after they have been filed, whether or not the patent has been issued. Eighteen months is less than 2 years.  The GAO says it takes at least 4 years, the Patent Office says it takes 2 years, average application time, but whatever the time is, some patents take 10 years, 12 years. The gentleman is saying 18 months. That information is made available under the gentleman's radical proposal. It is a radical departure from the current system which says that once a patent is issued, an inventor has protection for 17 years, almost 2 decades.  The gentleman said, oh, but I give you 20 years, 20 years is better than 17 years. No, your 20 years does not begin when the patent is issued, it begins when the patent is filed. I was courteous to the gentleman when he was talking to me. I would certainly appreciate a little eye contact here while I am talking to him.  So there is a big difference, numerical difference to the protection of the inventors of this country. I feel bad the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Goodlatte] did not yield to me, but I wanted to clarify for the Record, there is a whole lot at stake. Every single day of a patenter's life of his invention is important. They have a lot on the line. Some of them have their whole future on the line. For America, we have America's future on the line.  So the difference between 17 years of guaranteed covered and 18 months when you have to divulge the secrecy of your information is a pretty big difference.  Mr. Chairman, I yield 8 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hoyer].  