Chairman, I rise in support of the Rohrabacher substitute and against H.R. 400. Mr. Chairman, I wanted to read into the Record some of the organizations that are opposing H.R. 400 and supporting the Rohrabacher substitute, organizations like the Alliance for American Innovation, the American College of Physician Inventors, the American Small Business Association, the National Association for the Self-employed, the National Association of Women Business Owners, the National Congress of Inventor Organizations, the National Patent Association, the National Small Business United. These are not insignificant organizations.  The Patent Office Professional Association, the Ohio State Bar Association, from my home State. This is a very small, partial list. The Small Business Legislative Council, the Small Business Technology Coalition, the Small Entity Patent Owners Association, United Inventors of America. One of the great scholars of our time, Franklin Modigliani at MIT, a Nobel laureate.  These are not insignificant organizations, nor individuals; inventors like Dr. Paul Burstein, the inventor of rocket motor inspection systems, or Gertrude Elion, the inventor of leukemia-fighting and transplant rejection drugs.  There are people here who recognize what is being proposed in the base bill is in fact a significant departure from current practice. They are not satisfied with the so-called changes that are being made actually every moment, from what I can tell from this position here, in order to accommodate the flaws that exist in the base bill.  So I would say to the Members, Mr. Chairman, that it is very important to recognize that we not tamper with a system that is working, that has worked for centuries, and certainly for the last several decades as the United States in this century became the preeminent industrial and agricultural leader of the world.  H.R. 400, in contrast to the substitute, is actually taking us back, not forward. Why we would want to subject our inventors to divulge the contents of their patent application before it is granted is beyond me. I do not know why we want to take that secret protection away and involve them in litigation. Why would we want to do that? Why would we want to do that domestically, and certainly why would we want to subject them to cases internationally, which are so expensive that most of the smaller inventors cannot even afford to defend their interests?  The average American knows it is hard for them to go to court and pay the court costs in this country. Can Members imagine what it is going to be like to deal with international infringements on their patent applications if they have to function under this proposed base bill?  