Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut [Ms. DeLauro], an esteemed member of our subcommittee and full committee.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the ranking member, the gentlewoman from Ohio [Ms. Kaptur], for yielding me this time and for her hard and diligent work on the bill.  I also want to commend the gentleman from New Mexico [Mr. Skeen] for listening to Members and for working hard to craft a good bill and for his work in bringing the bill to the floor today.  This bill does fund a number of important priorities, but I still have a number of concerns about it. I am particularly concerned about the prevalence of tobacco use amongst young people. I appreciate that the chairman worked with me and other members of the subcommittee to provide $24 million for the FDA initiative to block youth access to tobacco.  This is a good start toward the $34 million that was requested by the administration to stop kids from taking up smoking and becoming addicted. We need to bring that level up to $34 million. Three thousand youngsters start to smoke every day. One-third of them will die. We need to put an enforcement mechanism in place that curtails underage smoking.  I am also pleased that the bill provides funding for the President's food safety initiative, for the WIC Program, which provides essential nutrition assistance for pregnant women and young children, and for agricultural research.  I am dismayed, however, by a number of provisions and, in particular, by changes that were made at the full committee level. The full committee chose to recognize one specific construction project when, by agreement, numerous other worthy projects at sites around the country were left out of the bill and report. This is unfair to other members of the committee and to other Members of this House.  I am concerned that the full committee added funds above what the Secretary of Agriculture deemed sufficient for payments to crop insurance agents, even though the General Accounting Office has revealed that taxpayer dollars are being used for outrageous and unreasonable expenses, such as skyboxes at athletic events, country club membership fees, and corporate aircraft. We should not be providing extra dollars in this area.  The full committee could establish a dangerous precedent by its actions to eliminate two positions in the Department of Agriculture simply because a Member of the Congress is unhappy about the actions of an entirely different administrator.  While I do have a number of concerns, I again would like to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their efforts and express my thanks to the staff.  