Chairman, I thank the gentleman. I wish to ask the Members to please read the substance of our amendment. The sidetracks that this debate has gone down this afternoon have amazed even me.  I wanted to state for the Record that there are many university scholars, inventors, lists long that have written us in support of our legislation against the base bill and, of course, many of them are in a precarious position because those universities receive funds from some of the very same interests that are promoting H.R. 400 and in many ways not being sensitive to the smaller inventors, the smaller businesses, those individual inventors that we wish to protect and give fair standing to as this measure moves forward.  Our amendment essentially would attempt to protect those inventors' patents prior to issuance. We do not want any invitation to copy, which H.R. 400 certainly promotes, because it says that within 18 months, that patent would be published even before it is granted.  Right now an individual is protected until the time that the patent is issued, until it is granted. So it is a substantial collapsing of the protection time for an individual inventor.  I find it so interesting to listen to the proponents say, well, in our system you can litigate. That is easy for a big corporation. IBM, Xerox, Ford Motor, why they are some of the best friends of this country in the jobs that they provide, and so forth. But the point is they are not the only inventors around. There are a lot of small workshops. There are a lot of professors that are out there filing. There are a lot of independent inventors who do not have the kind of financial wherewithal to function in the system that is being created here.  It is no different than the battle between the megabanks and the credit unions. It is no different than the battles that we have between the Committee on Commerce and the Committee on Small Business. It is the very same issue for small inventors, for independent inventors, and those who are not independent, who have other sources of finance to back up whatever it is they are trying to protect and advance through that Patent Office.  So our amendment essentially exempts small business under the definition of the Patent Office. It says, hey, look, give them equal footing. Do not make them play under this system, which is very difficult for the small inventor to cough up the cash for. It does not subject them to the kind of litigation that is likely to be involved here where it is more likely that their ideas and their patent will be infringed upon through the processes that are being promoted in the base bill.  Our measure also would try to acknowledge that the base bill does not distinguish between large and small inventors. So it really is an equity question for us.  We would ask Members to support the Kaptur amendment to create a level playing field, support the small business person. Support the small inventor. Support your colleges and universities. Support the little guy. Do the right thing. Make this bill better.  I know the chairman of the full committee wants to do that. I know the ranking member wants to do that. The Kaptur amendment accomplishes that.  