Speaker, reclaiming my time, I thank the gentleman for that comment. This whole question of submarine patents and so forth, there is less than \13/1000\ percent of those that even affect this entire system, and even then we have to be about the task of protecting American inventors' rights. To the extent we can get other nations to conform their systems to ours, terrific, but why should we try to conform our system to theirs? Why should we make it more difficult for our inventors to pay the fees?  This office I am told has been changed as we are sitting here today. With this corporatization of the patent office, that now apparently is not going to be allowed to accept gifts and real estate, because of pressure from Members of Congress like myself, as it is in the base bill, when I read the amendment, and I really do not have a copy of it here, but it basically says you are going to require gift rules be drafted to ensure that gifts to this new office are not only legal but avoid any appearance of impropriety. Why should they be given those gifts in the first place? Why should that be happening under this bill? And why should we take away the objectivity of our patent examiners who are completely insulated from any kind of economic coercion by the current system?  I have to say that patents are the trade routes for the 21st century. America under H.R. 400 is throwing away our technological lead by publishing patent applications much earlier and taking away the secrecy that is inherent in our system to our inventors and making other radical changes which, by the way, to the membership, if anybody has a final copy of this bill I hope they will give it to me because somebody who has been as involved in this issue as any other Member, I cannot give my colleagues a bill that we will be asked to vote on here today that is accurate in terms of legislative language.  We have the choice here today to create prosperity for our Nation, to provide opportunities to our children, but if we change the patent system as H.R. 400 proposes, we will be throwing away the American dream of opportunity embedded in the Constitution of the United States. I guarantee my colleagues if this bill passes, there is going to be decades of litigation as the American people fight for the rights they were granted under our Constitution.  Our patent system is the heart of our economic strength because it creates new money, jobs, and new industries. I ask the membership to vote no on H.R. 400.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  