Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Moakley], my distinguished colleague, for yielding me this time.  I wish to say that I rise in opposition to this rule and urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous question and ``no'' on the rule.  As the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, let me point out to my colleagues that the only reason that the bill appears the way it does this morning is that the Republican majority has been embarrassed, embarrassed into including WIC funding to serve the current level of recipients. Over 180,000 women and children were going to be eliminated from this program, based on the votes taken on the record at the subcommittee level and the full committee level.  I am usually not this partisan, but boy, this morning I am. They are so embarrassed at what has happened at the subcommittee level and the full committee level, they have hidden, attempted to hide their voting record and their handiwork inside this bill through a self-executing rule that will not permit us even to talk about WIC on this floor.  Now, let me set the record straight as to who has been fighting for America's pregnant women and children. At the subcommittee level, not one Republican voted for WIC support at a level to serve current beneficiaries. Every single Republican voted to cut over 180,000 women and children from that program this year. Every single Democrat voted to protect pregnant women and vulnerable children in need of decent nutrition. My colleagues can look back at the voting record at the subcommittee level.  Then at the full committee level of appropriations, of 34 Republicans out of a 60-member committee, only 2, only 2 voted to protect America's at-risk women and children. Only 2 out of 34. All Democrats voted to protect America's women and children.  So the Republican Party, fearing a backlash, as they should, have tried to cover their tracks inside this rule, and how have they done this? They have muzzled the debate process through the self-executing rule and have moved funds from NASA accounts, if anybody here cares about NASA, into the WIC Program, but nobody has had a chance to even think about or debate at the subcommittee or full committee level where that money is supposed to come from. If it is coming from the wind tunnel projects, how is that going to affect our NASA exports, which is one area where we really do have a positive trade balance.  In any case, I just wanted to set the record straight this morning and say we understand what is going on. We understand what is going on, and we understand the games they are playing, and my colleagues should be embarrassed.  I just have to say I am sorry that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Solomon], my friend and the chairman of the Committee on Rules, had to be strong-armed into this by the red-faced members of his own party. I am proud to be a Democrat this morning. I am proud to have been a party that fought for America's women and children at every single level.  I also have to say, because I do not think she could say it for herself, I really think if anybody's name in the Republican Party should be associated with the WIC Program, it should be the gentlewoman from New Jersey [Mrs. Roukema]. Hers should have been the lead name because she was the one that circulated the letter on the Republican side of the aisle. I do not want to get her into trouble, but she should not be a second-stringer on this, she should be right up here with me today. It is too bad that a member of the Republican Party has to be handled that way.  I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time, and I ask my colleagues to vote against the previous question and against the rule. We should be able to debate the WIC Program on the floor of this Congress.  