Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  I listen to this discussion about why we have to do things in this country to benefit foreign inventors, Mr. Chairman, and I think they should be helped, but not at the expense of our own people. The truth is that if our country has 10 times as many intellectual breakthroughs as any other country in the world, why do we want to conform our system to countries that are not working as well as ours?  The gentleman from Virginia said something about that our inventors need to see all this information from other places, but they are not clamoring for this. We have more inventors in our part of America, and we are the State of Thomas Alva Edison. They are not asking for this to be done. What they are asking for is their property rights be protected, and that their inventions not be opened up to snooping in the 18-month window that the gentleman is talking about, there, that after that they can take a look; for whichever country in the world or whichever inventor in the world wants to take a look at that, and really have special privilege over that intellectual property, which has never been granted by this country before.  If we talk about what other countries do, if you file a patent in Germany or one in Japan, you do not file the kind of detailed patent that you do in this country. We require so much more of our inventors. What is interesting, I just have to put this in the Record, and I am going to ask unanimous consent that it be placed in the Record, what is driving this entire debate, the amendments, the base bill, is this agreement that our government got itself locked into back in January 1994 called a mutual understanding between the Japanese Patent Office and the United States Patent and Trademark Office.  Mr. Chairman, this is not something that is not significant. This is very significant, because what the United States agreed to is exactly what the proponents of H.R. 400 are trying to get us to pass here. Essentially it says that our Government had to come back to the United States after agreeing to this and agree to introduce legislation to amend the U.S. patent laws to change the term of patents from 17 years from the date of grant of a patent, which has been our current law now, for an invention to 20 years from the date of filing, which is the change that the proponents of H.R. 400 obviously want.  What did we get for this; for changing, turning upside down the system that has created 10 times more inventions, better inventions, intellectual property breakthroughs, than any other country in the world? What we got was an agreement from the Japan Patent Office that says the following; that they would permit foreign nationals to file patent applications in the English language, with a translation in Japanese to follow within 2 months.  So what we agreed to was to turn the entire system that drives job creation in this country and has created the standard of living in this society, and what we get is a little teeny, weeny agreement from Japan that they are going to agree to translate the patents that are filed into their own language.  Mr. Chairman, it seems to me there is something very uneven about this playing field, and for those Members that were not a party to these negotiations, if the staffs have not informed the Members of what is going on here, let me tell them, we are talking about a wholesale gutting of the patent laws that have protected the intellectual property of our inventors. This has not been talked about much in the debate. Our system is completely different than these other countries, but what is wrong with our current system? Why is it so bad? Have these Members' inventors actually been beating their doors down and asking for changes? The only changes my inventors back home have been asking for is to make the maintenance fees more easily payable for them. They are getting too high for the small people, for the small people.  What H.R. 400 does is opens up the possibilities of litigation to the small people, which are the people that are creating the new jobs in this country, making life much more difficult for them, and we get almost nothing for it. I would hope that one of the proponents of the legislation could explain to me how this is an evenhanded deal for the United States, that they are out here. I would hope the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Goodlatte] would respond.  