Speaker, I want to compliment and thank the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Dave Bonior] for being so vigilant and having these special orders to help educate our Members and the American people to what is happening with trade agreements, jobs and wages in this country.  I am honored to join the gentleman from New York [Mr. Major Owens], my classmate from the class of 1988, and also the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dennis Kucinich] who we are so pleased to have here, and my good friend, the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Bernie Sanders] who has been our partner in these efforts over the years. I think, as the gentleman from Michigan has said, we have made headway with the American people, though we still have not made sufficient headway here in Washington, but it is improving. We are making progress.  I just wanted to present a couple of pictures here that I took myself on a trip that we took to Mexico to point out what is really at issue here. We are talking about the ratcheting down of wages and working conditions in our country.  This is one of the companies, it is called Gigante Verde in Mexico, but it is Green Giant as we know it here in this country, a company that moved lots of jobs out of California. We are talking about the wage issue.  If Members look down here, they moved to Irapuato from Watsonville, CA; hundreds of jobs lost in California, where the workers earn $7.61 an hour in California. It is a State that has a pretty high-living standard. It is expensive. Seven dollars and 61 cents an hour is not a whole lot. In Irapuato, however,Green Giant, which ships all that product back here, because it is frozen and we have freezers here, and the average homemaker in Mexico does not, they pay $4 a day to their workers there.  The draw is obvious: Production moving in the agriculture sector out of California into Mexico, workers in the processing plants paid much less than in this country, and Green Giant making huge profits.  The next chart, or it is actually a photo that I took, I had to take it with three pictures because it was so large, this is one of the companies that moved from New York. We will go to the other part of the United States. Trico Corp. makes windshield wiper blades.  This is a picture of the plant relocated from Buffalo into one of the maquiladora areas in northern Mexico. I do not think, unless a citizen has traveled to Mexico and has seen the vastness of these plants, they have any idea of the kind of transplantation that is occurring of United States production down to Mexico; and it is not just the United States, but it is international corporations of all stripes going to the cheapest wage havens of the world.  