Speaker, if I might just reclaim a moment here before recognizing our wonderful colleague from Ohio? The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Bonior] has been a champion. I remember during the NAFTA debate he said this is our way of life, we are fighting for our way of life, this is who we are. We are not talking about something that is out there; it is about the struggle that we have had to create a middle class and allow people to sustain themselves and to experience the best that American life has to offer, and the country owes the gentleman a debt of gratitude, not just our region, but the whole country, and I thank the gentleman for sticking with us on this. I just wanted to mention that when you were saying that probably the biggest threat in these trade agreements when they are not well-balanced and people, many people, are not at the table, creates this downward pressure on our living standards, on our wages.  This is an excellent poster that we have blown up here that came from a company in Illinois, and they told their workers that the workers' jobs might go south for more than just the winter, and it says on the bottom this was posted on the company bulletin board. This is an automotive plant. It says, ``There are Mexicans willing to do your job for $3 to $4 an hour. The free trade treaty allows this.''  And that is not just a subtle message to the work force, but it is that the downward pressure is heavy duty, and that is why workers at plants like the Delphi plant in Warren, OH, have said, all right, you want to draw a line in the sand, we are drawing the line for America.  So I think this is proof in the pudding of exactly what you are talking about, and I wanted to thank the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Sanders] for coming down here this evening and being with us. It seems like we were here before, we were here before and we tried to tell this story. Now we have 3 years of experience to measure, and we intend to measure, and we have new Members like the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Kucinich] who has hit the ground running here, who comes from having been mayor of Cleveland and comes from a place that has experienced the industrial and agricultural transformation over the last several decades, has lots to say on this, and we welcome you this evening.  