Speaker, the motion I offer today instructs the conferees on the fiscal year 1998 Agriculture Appropriations Act to agree to the higher funding levels provided by the Senate for the Food and Drug Administration's Youth Tobacco Initiative.  Just this morning, Mr. Speaker, the Senate agreed to provide $34 million, which was the full budget request, for the Food and Drug Administration Program to assist our States in enforcement and outreach efforts related to rules to prevent children, our children, from purchasing tobacco as minors.  The House bill included $24 million for this important program, and originally the Senate had only provided $4.9 million. But this morning, in an act of great wisdom, the Senate, on an amendment that was voiced after substantial approval was given and a motion to table defeated, voted in the Senate to raise the level to $34 million, which was the full budget request.  Mr. Speaker, our bill here in the House included $24 million for this important program. Our motion would simply instruct our House conferees to agree to the funding levels for the Food and Drug Administration provided by the Senate, therefore, fully funding this important initiative to protect our Nation's children.  Mr. Speaker, I do not need to point out, I suppose, that nearly 90 percent of adult smokers in our country began doing so before the age of 18. In fact, at current rates, more than 5 million children under age 18 who are alive today will be killed by smoking-related diseases. So we are talking about the lives of millions of our children.  We know that every year more than $1 billion in tobacco products are illegally sold to minors. I underline ``illegally'' sold to minors in this country. And as much as $50 billion is spent every year in our country on smoking-related medical care.  Providing $34 million, $10 million more than in the House agreement but meeting the full budget request, will help our States set up enforcement programs and educate retailers and the public on the new Food and Drug Administration youth tobacco rules. It seems to me this is the least we can do to protect our country's future and our children.  I urge my colleagues to support this motion, and I reserve the balance of my time.  