 President, I am pleased to join with Senators Helms and Faircloth to offer this amendment to the welfare reform bill. This amendment is based on the simple notion that recipients of public assistance should give something in return for their benefits. To not require work for welfare, is to promote irresponsibility, which is ultimately harmful to the recipient.  This amendment is straightforward. It states that those recipients of food assistance, who are able-bodied, do not have any dependents, and are between the ages of 18 and 55, must work for an average of 40 hours per month in order to receive their food assistance.  Some critics might point out that the Dole amendment already has work requirements for Food Stamp recipients. However, those work requirements do not begin until 6 months after the person begins receiving food assistance. Workfare programs should resemble the private sector to the greatest extent possible, and I do not know of any business which pays its employees for 6 months before the employee ever begins working. Our work requirement is structured identically to private sector employment: wages--or benefits in this case--are paid after the service is rendered. This will promote personal responsibility and self-sufficiency.  Finally, one of the main benefits of work requirements is that they are a humane way of screening people off of welfare who do not belong on the rolls. Many people receiving benefits which are now free, will opt to pursue other options they currently have in the private sector if they are faced with even a minimal work requirement. If they have no such options, they will be able to continue to receive benefits in exchange for community service. However, CBO has estimated that this work requirement will save taxpayers $5.5 billion over 7 years, due to a decrease in the food stamp rolls of more than 1 million individuals. This will free up money to be used on people who are in genuine need, who have small children, and who have no employment options in the private sector.  Again, this amendment does not affect anyone with small children, or anyone who is disabled or elderly. It is carefully targeted at those who are the most likely to be able to move into the private sector.  Mr. President, this is a responsible amendment, and one I hope my colleagues will support.  