 President, I am disappointed to say that the conference report before us today is not a balanced bill. It was not a balanced bill when it left the Senate several months ago, and it has not improved by any measure in conference.  Plain and simple, Mr. President, it remains unbalanced against the defrauded investor.  I am disappointed, as I was when the Senate passed S. 240, because I believe that there are some worthy provisions in this bill that would go far in reducing frivolous suits without compromising the rights of victims of fraud.  These few, worthy provisions, however, are insufficient to overcome the unbalanced nature of this bill.  While I support efforts to reduce frivolous litigation, I simply cannot support the approach taken here today.  This past year I have actively sought alternatives that would seek a middle ground between weeding out meritless litigation and preserving legitimate claims.  I have actively sought alternatives that would seek a middle ground between eliminating economic incentives to pursue frivolous litigation and protecting the rights of the defrauded investor.  And, I have actively sought alternatives that would seek a middle ground between opportunistic strike suits and preserving the powerful check of private litigation on professional misconduct.  Earlier this year, I joined Senator Bryan in introducing a securities litigation reform bill that, I believe, struck the proper balance between protecting investors and reducing meritless litigation.  Our bill contained some of the same worthy provisions also incorporated in this conference report, like the ban on referral fees and the payment of attorney fees from the SEC disgorgement fund, increasing fraud detection and enforcement and ensuring adequate disclosure of settlement terms.  In addition, however, our bill sought balance by including several provisions to protect the rights of the defrauded investor.  It restored aiding and abetting liability; extended the statute of limitations for private fraud actions to the earlier of 5 years after the violation or 2 years after discovery, and ensured that the victim of fraud was made whole in the case of an insolvent joint and several defendant.  When S. 240 came before the Senate I, again, sought to improve the balance of the bill by offering an amendment on proportionate liability.  My amendment would have ensured that the insolvency of the defendant does not prevent the innocent victim from obtaining a full recovery by making proportionate defendants liable for the remaining uncollectible amount of an insolvent joint and several defendant.  Again, this provision would have weighted in favor of the victim of the fraud over the perpetrator of the fraud--a balance which is still missing from the conference report before us today.  Mr. President, these provisions are crucial, in my view, to ensuring that rights of defrauded investors are not unfairly impaired in an effort to reduce litigation--meritorious or meritless.  Mr. President, the conference report fails to do what S. 240 failed to do--and I, therefore, cannot support it.  The conference report, put simply, fails to ensure adequate protection of the rights of the innocent victim of securities fraud, and, in fact, makes it harder for the small investor to gain access to the courts and obtain a full recovery for securities fraud.  