 President, today I am introducing a bill to address the continued deterioration of individual property rights. Environmental regulations are increasingly interfering with the ability of private property owners to use and develop their land. Contrary to popular belief, protecting the property rights of individuals and protecting our environment are not mutually exclusive principles.  All too often, I hear stories that landowners are being deprived of the ability to build a house because the Corps of Engineers has designated their property as a wetland; or the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has prohibited cultivation of land for fear it might jeopardize an endangered species. A landowner may even be required to pay exorbitant mitigation fees or fines in order to regain the use of their property. That is, of course, if they are lucky enough to regain the right to use their property.  Not only does the enforcement of such land use statutes abuse the rights of the property rights owners, but they impose the cost of enforcing these public goods on individual owners rather than the public at large. If the land is regulated in the name of a public good, surely we can distribute the cost among the public as well.  The mounting cases regarding regulatory takings necessitate Congressional action. The Domenigoni family experience is a good example. Cindy and Andy Domenigoni are fifth generation farmers in Riverside County, CA. First cultivated in 1879, their farm has traditionally been home to the Stephen's kangaroo rat, which was listed as an endangered species in 1988.  In 1990, Fish and Wildlife Service officials ordered them to stop cultivating their 800 tillable acres and warned them that disking this land would warrant their arrest. Punishment for disking land that had been cultivated for the previous 100 years would now result in jail time, a $50,000 fine, or both.  As a result, the Domenigonis' land lain idle, producing no crops for 4 years. They lost $75,000 in foregone [[Page S1074]] crops each year and incurred another $100,000 loss in biological consultation fees, legal fees, and other costs associated with fighting this regulatory taking.  Ironically, on November 1, 1993, shortly after devastating southern California fires destroyed thousands of acres of kangaroo rat habitat, FWS biologist John Bradley determined that the rats had left the area before the fire, because the years of leaving the fields fallow had made the brush and weeds grow too thick for the rats.  I must say this kind of policy is reckless and haphazard. When elected to the Senate, we had to take an oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States. I do not believe confiscating the economic value of ones property would be considered upholding the Constitution. Indeed, I believe most would agree that such action is nothing less than the taking of property without compensation.  In another case, Mr. and Mrs. Howard Heck were denied building on their 25 acres of land because a federally threatened plant species was ``within 5 miles of the proposed project site.'' Mr. Heck has said, ``We were proud to be Americans in a land where * * *  our children were to have the opportunity to achieve any goal we wanted. Now we are ashamed of our country and Government that allows the bureaucrats to steal from its citizens * * *.''  I, too, am ashamed the Government in this Nation can effectively steal the economic value of one's land and rob this elderly couple of their dignity and peace during their remaining years on this Earth.  In still another instance, a Corps field agent to the regional chief of enforcement signed a memo stating a particular family in Maine, ``would be a good one to squash and set an example * * *.''  The Government of the United States of America has no business ``squashing'' hard working Americans or plundering away their wealth. The very reason the Constitution was established was to protect individuals, not to harm them. The atrocities previously mentioned need to be addressed with a clearly defined policy for Federal agencies in order to stop the abuse of Government bureaucrats.  The two laws most responsible for imposing the heavy burden on property ownership are the Endangered Species Act and section 404 of the Clean Water Act.  Although the intention of these acts is commendable, they have created perverse incentives for private property ownership. Individuals are reluctant to develop or build on land for fear the Fish and Wildlife Service, the Corps of Engineers or the EPA will soon visit. A visit from the IRS is more welcome than a visit from these Federal agencies.  The negative impact of these perverse incentives directly affect the housing and agricultural industries as well as many others. Every house that is not built and every farm that is not cultivated costs us jobs. Not only do the present policies crush an individual's hopes and dreams, but it hinders those still trying to achieve them.  As a result of the inequities in the current policies, Senator Nickles and I are reintroducing legislation entitled the, ``Private Property Owners Bill of Rights.'' This bill would insure that private property owners are protected by the Federal Government, its employees, agents, and representatives.  Our bill requires notice and consent from property owners before Federal agencies and their agents can enter a private property owners land for purposes of the Endangered Species Act or wetlands laws.  In addition, this legislation ensures that property owners rights are considered and respected when agency decisions or actions are taken pursuant to these two laws by providing an administrative appeals process. The process calls for the owner to be given access to the information collected, a description of the way the information was collected, and an opportunity to discuss the accuracy of the information.  Lastly, and most importantly, it requires the agency itself to determine whether a taking has occurred and if so to compensate the private property owner for the loss in fair market value of the property. A property owner who is deprived of at least 20 percent or more of the fair market value of $10,000 or more is entitled to receive compensation. The agency would be required to pay the fair market value of the property if purchased or the difference between the fair market value of the property without the restrictions and the fair market value of the property with restrictions.  I believe our legislation addresses the serious problem of property rights abuse. It will enhance the foundation necessary for contracts and commerce and in doing so, will foster an environment essential to achieving the American Dream.  I strongly urge my colleagues to cosponsor this legislation and support this cause on behalf of every property owner in America.  I ask unanimous consent that the following Senators be listed as original cosponsors of this legislation: Senator Nickles, Senator Burns, Senator Hutchison, Senator Lott, Senator Packwood, Senator Pressler, Senator Inhofe, Senator Thomas, and Senator Brown.  