 President, the amendment that I am offering I am offering on behalf of myself and the Senator from Nevada, Senator Bryan.  S. 240, which is the bill before us, provides for proportionate liability for defendants found guilty of reckless conduct by limiting joint and several liability to defendants found guilty of knowing securities fraud.  As an equitable matter, I generally support proportionate liability as between wrongdoers. Less culpable defendants should not, I believe, necessarily be liable to the same extent as more culpable defendants. I think that is just common sense.  However, proportionate liability should not act to deprive the innocent victim of a full recovery--in other words, defraud people of their basic rights. Much more important than ensuring equity among defendants, I believe is ensuring that as between the wrongdoer and the innocent victim, it is the wrongdoer that bears the burden--yes, Mr. President, bears the burden--of any uncollectible judgment caused by an insolvent defendant, not the victim.  S. 240 turns the principle on its head. S. 240 before us today would make the innocent victim bear the loss of an insolvent defendant by capping the liability of proportionate defendants to only an additional 50 percent of their share. Beyond that, the victim bears the loss.  Additionally, S. 240 would only allow the victim to recover his full damages against the remaining defendants if his or her net worth is less than $200,000 and the victim's damages are greater than 10 percent of their net worth.  Mr. President, why we would want to place restrictions on a victim's full recovery, to limit a defendant's liability is beyond me in the first place. But the provision also fails in its purpose. Many retirees own their own homes and have significant equity in their property. Many have saved and invested for years and years for retirement. This is not a bad thing. We usually encourage such behavior. Yet, many older retirees would be precluded from a full recovery here because their net worth is over $200,000 and their damages are less than 10 percent or $20,000. Why we would want to intentionally punish an individual who is productive, who saves and invests for the future, is not completely clear to me.  Further, Mr. President, I must seriously question, as others have, a bill like this that makes a judgment that these productive members of our society should somehow be less entitled to recovery because they have more net worth than the next guy.  Mr. President, as I have stated, this amendment that I offer on behalf of myself and Senator Bryan is simple. It would strike the net worth and damage requirements and make proportionate defendants responsible for the uncollectible share of an insolvent codefendant in proportion to their percentage of responsibility or culpability. It puts the victim before the defendant, as I believe it should in this society, as it rightly should. I urge my colleagues to support it.  This bill has some good things in it, but this is not one of them. I think it is time we think up here today--and I hope we will--about the victim and not the perpetrator of fraud and abuse in securities.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  Mr. D'AMATO. Mr. President, I feel this amendment addresses one of the areas that is in the most significant need of reform.  Imagine yourself being named as a defendant in a class action suit where the damage claims are $100 million. Further imagine that a jury finds you reckless or negligent, because you are an insurance company, or because you are a securities firm, or because you are a bank, or because you are a large accounting firm associated with the people who committed the fraud. Your liability could be 2 percent, because you failed to see the violation and take action against it; you, therefore, were negligent and should be held accountable.  Well, you could settle and pay that 2 or 3 or 5 percent, or you might want to fight and say that given your tangential relation to the fraud, the duty was not yours to uncover it, but if you are found liable you could be held accountable for the full $100 million. For example, an accounting firm who cannot go beyond the numbers that were put forth in the audits that they conducted, who has had almost nothing to do with the alleged grievance, could be named as a defendant because they have a large asset base--we call these firms deep pockets.   I, myself, would never have to worry about being named as one of those defendants because I do not have deep pockets. Deep pockets are generally firms of economic substance who are generally well insured. They find themselves dragged into these suits, and their lawyers tell them it will cost $700,000, $800,000, maybe $1 million to defend themselves, even if the company has had literally little, if anything, to do with the alleged fraud that was perpetrated on stockholders. Let me say again, that these firms are brought in only because they represent an economic interest of some substance. As I said last night, in these lawsuits, they sue everybody and anything that moves and some things that do not move. Your involvement in the fraud could as little as you walked into the building on the days the fraud was committed, but if you have deep pockets you will be sued. They will sue an outsider on the board of directors, who had no knowledge of the schemes, but he will face a $100 million suit, notwithstanding the fact that he had little or nothing to do with the fraud. Even the standard of proof does not help the director; the plaintiffs will claim he should have know, or could have found out about this, or with more diligence could have stopped the fraud, the distinction legally between reckless conduct and negligent conduct is rather unclear. Let me say that again. It is very blurry.  So now the director, or the accounting firm, has a corporate decision to make. Whether they will settle the case for what is nothing more than a legal payoff to get rid of the suit, or whether they try to defend themselves, because they think they can win. By staying in the suit the firm could risk a $100 million when they could settle it for $2, $3, or $4 million, and avoid the legal costs. Ordinarily, I expect, firms would fight it out, but under joint and several liability, it does not matter what damage the firm caused, because they have the deep pockets; they can be held liable for the full amount of the settlement.  Now, we hear that we should not put the burden on the victims, nor do I think we should. What we have said here is that if somebody committed a tortious act, he will be held responsible for his portion of the damage. If it is 2 percent, he will pay 2 percent of the damages. We even went beyond that. If the fraudulent defendant is bankrupt and cannot pay, we would double the liability of the other defendants. So if a defendant was found 5 percent negligent, but the main defendant was not able to pay, the 5 percent negligent defendant would be held responsible for 10 percent of the damages.  If we really want to be fair, and we all want fairness, we should protect the small investor who is legitimately aggrieved but, also protect people who are unfairly dragged into a suit that is nothing less than legal blackmail. These firms are forced to settle because their business cannot be subjected to years of this litigation, or the possibility of having to pick up the entire cost --notwithstanding that their contribution to this scheme was not fraudulent. If a person has contributed 2 percent to the fraud, they should pay the 2 percent of the damages.  Why does the plaintiff's bar not want this? Because more firms would be willing to stand up and say, ``Okay, we will battle it out,'' and because more of the charges that the cases are frivolous would be proven. These lawyers are suing the people because they are given an opportunity to hold them up.  Now the victim is fighting back. The victim in this is not just the shareholder. The victims in many of these cases are the people with deep pockets who may just associated with the fraudulent company, and because of their connection with a company, they are dragged in.  That is not what the law should be about. If you do the act, then you should pay. I absolutely agree. But do not bring in some guy who just happens to be in close proximity or has some connection with the company, has not really participated in this.  But let me tell you, if you commit fraudulent conduct, or intentional wrongdoing, there is no escape from paying the full settlement.  In our attempt to be fair, we have said quite clearly, that if you are knowingly participating--knowingly--in a fraudulent act then even if you committed only 2 percent of the fraud, you can be held liable for all of it. If you intentionally participate--intentionally--then even though you may have been only 1, 2, or 3 percent liable, who can be held responsible for the entire amount.  We do not, as some have claimed, make it possible for people to lie, to cheat, and escape their liability. That is an oversimplification. It demonstrates the lack of knowledge of this legislation on the part of some of the editorial writers. I wish their newspapers had to be held to the same standard that they would ask the business community to be held to. That would be nice. That would be incredible.  Imagine, they would have to be accurate, and truthful. It would be quite something. Quite something.  We want to be fair, and I think we have tailored this legislation in such a way that we make it clear--if you intentionally mislead, even if that act causes only 1 to 2 percent in damages, you will be held for the whole. We have not changed that.  I hope the Senate will not however, make it possible for people to become further exposed to these plots of extortion. That is wrong. Our Founding Fathers did not want it that way. This has developed over the years, and it has come about as a result of the lawyers practicing law, who act not on behalf of the poor stockholders, but on behalf of their own economic aggrandizement. That is not what the practice of law should be about.  