 President, over the past few days Members on the other side of the aisle basically have claimed to represent the best interests of hard-working Americans. They stood up with charts and made passionate speeches, and say they know better. They criticized the Domenici budget, although they have no budget of their own.  I believe that the budget resolution debate has been demagogued to death.  This debate has been turned into an issue of who is compassionate and who is not, and rich against poor, even though the Senate budget resolution does not include $1 yet in tax cuts. Never mind we do not touch Head Start. Never mind that we do not touch the School Lunch Program. Mr. President, never mind that we do not cut Social Security. Never mind that we preserve Medicare, which will go bankrupt unless responsible leaders take action. [[Page S7215]]   I believe we need tonight to discuss the real issues, like our tremendous national debt and our endless string of deficits. I believe that people on the other side of the aisle do not want to debate basically the fact that we are the biggest debtor nation in the world. People on the other side of the aisle I believe do not basically want to debate the fact that the dollar is, overall, losing its value against most major currencies, and that hard-working Americans are losing purchasing power every time the dollar depreciates. No, Mr. President, they will not debate the real issues.  Mr. President, I was once told that on the other side of the aisle people see what they want to see, and that the Republicans have the unfortunate tendency of seeing what is there. I would like to show you what is there. Because what is there are the real issues.  I want to share with you a chart, if I can, a chart that shows the Federal Government's net financial assets beginning in the year 1946, which is over here, through 1993. Instead of an upward spiral, you see a downward spiral because these are real issues.  This chart comes from data contained in the 1995 Economic Report of the President. It shows the Federal Government's net financial assets, as I said, from 1946 to 1993.  As one can see on the chart, the Federal Government is depleting the national wealth of the United States every year. It is going down. But look at it over here, how fast it is going down. The greatest country in the world, Mr. President, the United States of America, the great economic leader of our time, possessed net financial assets of nearly $3 trillion in 1993. Far from saving our children and investing in our kids for tomorrow, the spending machine of the Federal Government is squandering away our resources at a record rate.  The chart says it better than we can. In fact, net financial assets of the Federal Government have been decreasing at a rate of 7.1 percent a year over the past 20 years, while private wealth has grown only 3.2 percent. The Federal Government is depleting national wealth at a rate twice as fast as the private sector can create. This is a trend that we cannot simply sustain as a Nation.  There is a direct impact in the rise in Government budget deficits, which is to worsen the current account balance and place upward pressure on interest rates. Our current account stood at $104 billion in 1993. This means we either sold $104 billion in assets to foreign entities, borrowed $104 billion from foreign entities, or a combination of the two.  Although a current account deficit in and of itself is not a bad thing, the accumulation of persistent current account deficits over time leads to an overwhelmingly external debt that we have today. These deficits identify a systematic shortfall of savings below investment due to an expansion consumption relative to income.  The implication is that we borrowed to finance current consumption, expenditures that have no real effect on economic growth or future income in this Nation. In other words, the Government is borrowing abroad to finance the excess of expenditures over income. Projections of higher current account deficits run well into the foreseeable future, which does not bode well for this country.  The increase in interest rates caused by budget deficits increase the cost of capital, home mortgages, car payments and any other goods that are financed. If the other side of the aisle really wants to help the hard-working, middle-class Americans, it seems to me they should help them reduce the cost of living instead of adding, Mr. President, to their already tremendous burden.  It is true that hard-working, middle-class Americans need relief, but on the other side of the aisle I think a lot of the people just cannot accept the notion that relief does not have to come in the form of a check, Mr. President, in the form of a check from the Government every month. No, they do not have to accept the notion of freedom and free markets. They still believe that Americans depend on Government for their livelihood.  I reject that notion wholeheartedly. I understand the unpleasantries of debt-stricken countries. We all do. Let me tell you that the restrained growth in this budget resolution is more compassionate, more beneficial and more tolerable than any experience of a bankrupt country. The immediate gratification of consumption does not outweigh the tremendous long-term benefits of a balanced budget.  Democrats supposedly believe in a balanced budget. However, they have presented no proposal that I have seen. President Clinton supposedly believes in a balanced budget, but he has not presented one here that I know of. President Clinton, I understand, will not even support a $16 billion rescission package much less the $175 billion in cuts necessary to balance the budget this year. And $16 billion, Mr. President, is only 9 percent of this year's deficit. Come to find out it is only .3 percent of the $4.8 trillion debt.  The actions of President Clinton and his party do not match their words. Their idea of deficit reduction is the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 that we all know included the largest tax increase in history. Did it reduce the deficit, Mr. President? Yes. Only temporarily, for a year or two. But if one looks at the outyears, deficit spending just keeps going up as far as the eye can see.  What do we have to show for our $241 billion tax increase? Nothing, I would submit--nothing but increasing deficits and reduced disposable income for hard-working Americans.  The Congressional Budget Office has outlined the potential economic impacts of balancing the budget by the year 2002. They project long-term interest rates will fall by almost 2 percentage points. They also project an increase in real GNP of almost 1 percent, just from practicing a little fiscal discipline.  Mr. President, a balanced budget is good for America today, tomorrow and forever. That is why I am going to support the Domenici budget.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  