 President, I rise to oppose the amendment offered by the senior Senator from Arkansas.  Mr. President, once again we find ourselves debating the merits of the space station. The distinguished Senator from Arkansas again tells us that America should abandon its commitment as the leader of this historic endeavor.  Supporters of this amendment say we simply cannot afford to continue funding the space station. Mr. President, I ask you, Can we afford not to?   History tells us that mankind is destined to explore beyond the bounds of this tiny planet. The question is not whether we should take the next logical step. The question is: ``Will we lead or will we follow?'' I believe the United States is destined to lead.  Leadership, Mr. President, requires commitment. America's relatively small investment in the space station demonstrates our commitment to the future of technology in space. It also demonstrates our commitment to our international partners who have joined with us to make this dream a reality.  Abandoning the space station at this late date not only squanders our initial investment, but it tells our partners that they can no longer depend on us to meet our commitment to international space exploration. Our credibility among the space faring nations depends on our actions today.  Mr. President, a leader must also have vision and vision is meaningless without the courage to fulfill its promise. When we began funding this project, we set out on a journey that held out great promise and it continues to do so. Again, we hear from those who do not share our vision and are content to quit.  Opponents suggest that the space station costs more than it is worth and that we should therefore stop funding it now and redistribute that money to more pressing social programs. Not only do they fail to recognize the enormous potential of space research and exploration, but they are content to sacrifice the promise of a better tomorrow for the failed programs of today.  Mr. President, one of the most important Federal priorities of any government is to create opportunities for a better life in the future. We can not effectively do that anymore by just pumping money into life on Earth today. We must look ahead. We must search for ways to sustain our society, our culture, our life into tomorrow. The space station holds that promise.  Mr. President, the space station has a legitimate mission, an impressive design and a plan to achieve its goals. Granted, it has had its difficulties, but all great endeavors will meet with obstacles. Although the space station faces more challenges, NASA is prepared now, more than ever, to meet those challenges. This unprecedented example of international cooperation is now on schedule, on budget and is worthy of our support.  So, I ask my colleagues that share the vision of space exploration to join me in reaffirming our country's commitment to our future by opposing this shortsighted attempt to strip funding from the space station.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  