 President, I am proud to announce the introduction of the Freedom and Fairness Restoration Act in the Senate of the United States of America. Two years ago, the flat tax was not even considered as an alternative in the tax reform debate. One year ago, thanks to the able House majority leader, the flat tax was introduced in the House of Representatives and took the country by storm. Today, I am here to tell the American people the flat tax has found a home in the Senate and the flat tax is not only a legitimate proposal for tax reform, it is the leading candidate.  When considering any proposal for tax reform, one has to ask the question, ``Should the Federal Government coerce free individuals by means of tax policy?'' I believe the answer is a clear and resounding ``No.'' In other words, tax policy should neither encourage nor discourage the personal decisions of free individuals in America. If one accepts this premise, one has to conclude the best alternative for tax reform is the flat tax. No other tax proposal, not the sales tax, and especially not the Gephardt un-flat tax, has the attribute of neutrality.  The Armey-Shelby flat tax taxes every dollar in the economy once and only once--all at the same rate. As a result, the Armey-Shelby flat tax does not coerce free individuals into making decisions to take advantage of a special interest tax break or to avoid some tax penalty. The basic premise of the Freedom and Fairness Restoration Act is that free individuals know best how to spend their hard-earned dollars.  The current Tax Code, while serving its purpose of revenue collection, has many problems. It contains high marginal rates as well as a hodgepodge of special interest deductions. In addition, the complexity of Federal tax laws cost taxpayers approximately 5.4 billion hours, or $150 billion, just to comply with the current Internal Revenue Code.  As a result, the time has come to abolish the old, inefficient tax system and adopt a new, strict flat tax--20 percent for the first 2 years, and 17 percent thereafter. Generous personal allowances--$31,400 for a family of four--will cut taxes for families and provide a level of progressivity many find essential for tax reform. The flat tax will eliminate the double taxation of savings and promote jobs and higher wages. These attributes of the Armey-Shelby flat tax are the keys that unlock the door to economic prosperity and assures freedom and fairness for all.  By 