 President, we have entered a new age in American politics. All of us know that. The days are long gone when elected officials can get elected, duck controversy, avoid hard choices, and, yes, hide from the judgment of the people. Governing in 1995 requires hard choices, adherence to principle and accountability. As party defections increase, as State legislatures and governorships change hands, my former colleagues on the other side of the aisle scratch their heads and ask why. The answer is simple, Mr. President. On the other side of the aisle there is no accountability and no willingness to make hard choices.  Instead, I believe they remain wedded to the status quo politics and policies that have led this country to the verge of bankruptcy.  For 60 years the other side has steadily created a Federal monster that now handles $1 out of every $4 in our economy. While the growth of the Government that past half century is stunning, it should come as no surprise to all of us. The politics of the status quo promoted on the other side of the aisle operates on the simple premise that the American people will always trade their freedom and their hard-won dollars for the promise of Government security.  ``Tax and spend.'' Yes, Mr. President, ``tax and spend, and the docile American people will never resist. Tax and spend, tax and spend, and the American people will never support the reform or repeal of a Government program. Make the American people dependent on the Federal Government for everything from income and health care to business subsidies, and they will never resist or even reject us.''  These, Mr. President, I believe, are the maxims by which the agents of the status quo operate. But, Mr. President, the agents opposed to change have vastly underestimated the American people. The reason, Mr. President: The price of a balanced budget is so high that the American people will reject any politician who attempts to do the right thing and bring the budget into balance. They are dead wrong. We are allowing families to keep more of their hard-earned dollars, and we are ending welfare as we know it, and, above all, we are balancing the budget. The agents of change have a solemn obligation to do the unheard of, keep their promises. And I believe we will.  Mr. President, I would just like to show two charts in the short time I have of what parents can purchase with a $500-per-child tax credit in America.  For example, with a $500 tax credit, items parents can purchase: a winter jacket, $30; winter boots, $30; athletic socks, $6.50, six pairs of those; a sweat shirt, $12; books, $100; a tutor for their child, $230, 32 hours. That is $498.50. We checked it out.  We also have another chart for the $500 tax credit. Parents can purchase 847 jars of baby food or, Mr. President, 2,370 disposable diapers or approximately 6 months of electric bills.  The $500 tax credit for working families in America is real, and they need it.  