 President, I think what we need to do here this morning is focus on what we are really doing here; focus between a wrongdoer, perpetrator of wrong, and the victim of the action.  It is not the process of intimidation--I would reject that--but the process of wrongdoing that we should be concerned with.  We should not, Mr. President, we should not protect the perpetrator of wrongdoing over the victim. That turns American jurisprudence upside down. I believe here in the Senate today that we should be thinking about the innocent victim and not the perpetrator, not the people who put these things in motion and then they want a statute to protect them to some extent. That is what that is about here. I think, if the Members of the Senate would really focus on the content of this bill and what it will do to the innocent victim, they would feel a lot better about the amendment.  The phrase ``hijacking'' was using. That is right, ``hijacking.'' Who is going to be hijacked if this bill passes? I will tell you who it is going to be, it is going to be the innocent victims, it is going to be the innocent people who are going to be hard pressed to press their claims or to collect anything for the wrongdoing in the future.  I am real concerned and really disappointed that this bill before the Senate will do more to impair the rights ofthe small investors in America--and there are millions of them--than it will do to place checks on abusive conduct and frivolous litigation. None of us are interested in frivolous litigation. There is no room for that in our courts. You know, that is one of the reasons, I suppose--one of the reasons, not the only reason--this bill was brought.  But there are bona fide cases in America and there will be in the future where, if this bill passes, the innocent victims will not be able to redress their injuries.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that an article that appeared in Newsweek by Jane Bryant Quinn, ``Losing Your Right To Sue? Congress may make it hard for you to pursue a case of securities fraud,'' be printed in the Record.  