 President, Webster's dictionary defines the term ``red herring'' as ``something that distracts attention from the real issue. [From the practice of drawing a red herring across a trail to confuse hunting dogs].''  The reason I share this definition is because most all of the arguments we have heard over the past 4 weeks in objection to the balanced budget amendment amounts to little more than red herrings. The objections are simply distractions from the real issue.  The real issue is that Federal spending is out of control and unless we pass a constitutional amendment to control spending, our children and grandchildren will never know the America we take for granted. The United States has a current national debt of over $4.75 trillion and according to President Clinton's new budget, will be $6.7 trillion in the year 2000. I have said it before and I will say it again Mr. President, debtors are never free, they are only subject to dominion of their creditors. That is the real issue.  Over the past couple of weeks, we have heard no less then six red herrings that are repeated time and again. I would like to take a moment to go through them one at a time and explain why they are just distractions from the real issue.  Red herring No. 1: The balanced budget amendment would raid Social Security and put the burden of balancing the budget on the elderly.  The fact is that there is no Social Security trust fund. The surplus to which many speak is actually in the form of IOU.'s. The purpose of the balanced budget amendment is to ensure the solvency of the United States so we can protect the living standards of Americans and pay our creditors. If we experience a currency problem like Mexico, we will not be able to pay our creditors much less Social Security recipients. If you truly care about the elderly and clearly understand the issue at hand, I see no other option but to support the balanced budget amendment.  Why do the opponents view the Reid and Feinstein amendments as litmus tests to whether we support Social Security? They contest the only reason one would not support these amendments is because one wants to raid the trust fund. Some of the opponents even say we should be more honest with the American people and what we have in mind for Social Security. Besides the fact there is no trust fund, this charge is completely false and an effort to demagog the issue at hand. To imply proponents of the balanced budget amendment favor cutting Social Security is incorrect, wrong, and at odds with the consistent demonstrated record of advocacy Congress has toward seniors. We should not balance the budget on the backs of Social Security recipients. In fact, I believe we should help seniors by repealing the earnings limits for Social Security recipients. However, proponents of the balanced budget amendment believe the solvency of the whole country will do far more to protect the standard of living of every American than making an ineffective attempt to ensure one particular interest group is protected. Which, by the way, those amendments would not do.  Primarily, these amendments would not protect anyone because Congress could, and in my opinion would, reclassify programs such as supplemental security income and Medicaid as Social Security. This would allow Congress to avoid balancing the budget by using FICA taxes to pay these benefits. In addition, Congress could redefine terms in the Social Security Act such as the term ``recipient.'' We define who the recipients of Social Security are and as such could change the definition to include any special interest group.  Red herring No. 2: The balanced budget amendment is not enforceable. The amendment would curtail the authority of and respect for the Constitution.  Section 2 of the amendment requires a three-fifths vote to increase the debt ceiling. If you consider that insignificant, I ask why do we vote every year to increase the debt limit? Why does the President submit his budget by the first Monday in February every year? Neither of these procedures are identified in the Constitution. Indeed, these budget procedures are based on statute. As U.S. Senators, we are obligated to abide by the law. If one suggests that Members will arbitrarily disregard the Constitution, then I content you are completely off base and your lack of confidence in the institution undermines our role as a legislative body in a participatory democracy.  Red herring No. 3: The people have the right to know how this is going to affect them. Proponents of the balanced budget amendment should map out the way they will achieve a balanced budget within 7 years.  It is true the people need to know what their legislature is doing and how its decisions affect them. For the most part, I think they have the general idea. However, as former Nobel Laureate of Economics James Buchanan has so eloquently stated, ``This argument reflects a failure to understand what a [[Page S3248]] choice of a constitutional constraint is all about and conflates within-rule choices and choices of rules themselves.''  We have debated year after year and day after day ways to cut spending. We have also debated year after year and day and day whether or not we should increase taxes. Unfortunately we have been unable to achieve significant deficit reduction within the framework we have. The choices we have made as a collective body have placed us deeper in debt. As a result, we are sincerely trying to rectify the problem by changing the framework in which we operate. The idea that we are trying to pull the wool over someone's eyes is false and seemingly disingenuous.  Furthermore, I would like to know where right to know advocates were when Congress passed the Endangered Species Act and the wetlands legislation? Wouldn't one assume the people would like to have known ahead of time that a puddle that stands for more then 2 weeks of the year would be considered a wetland and that their property rights thereof would be foregone? I think they would. Do you think the American people would like to have known the inflationary impact of the 1993 Tax Act before it was passed? I'm sure they would have. The point is that there is no way to tell an individual that the balanced budget amendment will reduce their Government subsidy by exactly $342.34 or that a particular service will be taken from the States and therefore State taxes will be increased by exactly $43.25 You can see how absurd that request really is. The point is the citizens of the United States know all too well the problems of Federal spending. They want to see us pass a balanced budget amendment to stop the fiscal hemorrhaging from the Nation's Capital. The opponents are correct in that the people have a right, but the right they have is for the Federal Government to stop spending this country into bankruptcy.  Red herring No. 4: The balanced budget amendment will have dire consequences on the elderly and the children.  On the one hand the opponents claim a balanced budget amendment will lead to draconian cuts in very critical programs. According to them every old person, young person, and poor person will be cut off from a dignified standard of living.  Red herring No. 2 claims that the balanced budget amendment is not enforceable. No amendment will be able to force the President and Congress to balance the budget. Who is going to sue them they ask. Well, which is it? Are we going to experience draconian cuts or aren't we? The arguments against the balanced budget amendment are faulty according to their own logic.  Since the logic is inconsistent, opponents will try to paint a dreadful picture to the American people, hoping this will elevate opposition to the balanced budget amendment. Well, I have a frightening picture I would like to share with the American people.  Imagine, one day 30 years in the future, your children are now retired and living comfortably. They have worked all their lives, spent frugally and saved religiously. One day, they wake up and find the value of the dollar has crashed in financial markets. The Federal Reserve cannot stop the falling dollar and in response, the Treasury prints money. Suddenly, your children's assets are worth half of what they were a day before. Inflation is rampant and we are reduced to a Third World country. Everything your children have worked for has been taken from them because Members of the generations represented in this Chamber did not think that addressing the debt was important. Instead, Members chose the immediate gratification of consumption.  The opposition to the balanced budget amendment provides significant insight as to why many people do not understand the virtues of capitalism. The idea of capitalism means that one chooses to forego current consumption and save in order to accumulate capital. In other words, deny consumption now for bigger and better things later. To gather capital--which by the way, increases productivity and therefore living standards--we must deny ourselves immediate gratification. In order to pass the America we know on to our children, we must deny ourselves immediate gratification and pay the bills we have incurred.  Red hearing No. 5: The balanced budget amendment is just some popular idea we are voting for brought about by the Contract With America. We need time to think about a balanced budget amendment.  The fact of the matter is that the balanced budget amendment is not a new idea at all. Thomas Jefferson is well known for saying, ``If I could add one amendment to the Constitution, it would be to prohibit the Federal Government from borrowing funds * * * We should consider ourselves unauthorized to saddle posterity with our debts and morally bound to pay them ourselves.''  In 1936, Representative Harold Kuntson of Minnesota proposed the first constitutional amendment to balance the budget. Since then, a number of balanced budget amendments have been proposed. We have held hearings as far back as 1979 and even passed a balanced budget amendment in 1982. Indeed, the issue has come up several times since then. Several of the Senators opposing the balanced budget amendment have been around for many of those debates.  The balanced budget amendment is not a new idea that has not been justly considered. We know the issue all too well. The balanced budget amendment is an idea whose time has come.  Red herring No. 6: Federal accounting does not allow for capital budgeting. Federal accounting would throw chills down the spine of any business executive.  Trying to confront the arguments against the balanced budget amendment is like following a bouncing ball. When they are defending Social Security, the books are fine, they are in surplus. However, when we discuss the tremendous deficits and debt of the United States, the Federal accounting is somehow inept.  Once again, there is an inconsistency in the opponents reasoning. If you maintain the argument that Federal accounting is flawed, then one must take another look at the books of the Social Security trust fund. There is no fund. There is no surplus. According to accounting rules used by business executives, liabilities exceed assets. By definition, that is not a surplus.  In addition, I hear analogies being made to the American family in that they enter into substantial debt when they purchase a house. They have to pay mortgage payments monthly, but they are not worse off. Indeed, most would say they are better off. This is true, but lets take that analogy one step further as it applies to our national debt. The difference is that homeowners do not buy a house this year, and another house the next year and another the year after that. A homeowner pays down the principal. As a Government, we never get to this point because we have to borrow just to pay the interest. It is a perpetual problem that feeds on itself.  The arguments I have just mentioned are the objections opponents make to the balanced budget amendment. I call them red herrings because I believe such arguments are just distractions from the real issue. The term again comes from the practice of drawing a red herring across a trail to confuse hunting dogs.  Mr. President, the trail of debt now tops $4.75 trillion. The red herrings of a balanced budget amendment will not convince anyone on Wall Street or Main Street. Mr. President, the hunting dogs are not confused. The time has come for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America.  