 President, credit availability is vital to the livelihood of every American. It is the fuel that drives personal financial, business, and economic growth in this country.  Promoting greater credit availability should, therefore, be an important economic policy goal. I know that it is to me. For this reason, for the third Congress in a row, I am introducing comprehensive regulatory relief legislation aimed at reducing the burdens that drive up the cost of credit and hamper credit availability.  Three years ago, the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council released a study that found that the regulatory cost of compliance was as high as $17.5 billion a year. Mr. President, that was 3 years ago. While Senator Mack and I were successful in gaining some relief last year in the Community Development Financial Institutions and Regulatory Relief Act, regulatory initiatives continue to flood the pages of the Federal Register, inflating it to all-time highs.  Mr. President, fighting Government regulation and regulatory burdens is not a one time battle; it is a constant battle. It is a war that never ends, but only ebbs.  After months of comments and input from bankers and regulators, Senator Mack and I have returned once again to forge an ambitious comprehensive reform bill that promises long-overdue relief to an overburdened financial services industry.  Like last year's bill, this year's bill targets laws and regulations that impose regulatory burdens which are extraneous to safety and soundness concerns and act to restrict rather than promote credit availability.  The bill strikes out at the giants that hold down lending with excessive costs, like Truth-in-Lending and RESPA, Truth-in-Savings, the Community Reinvestment Act, and other overly burdensome laws whose legitimate central purpose has been lost in a sea of regulation.  The bill streamlines or cuts duplicative and unnecessary reporting requirements, eliminates excessive compliance costs, and reforms laws that no longer make sense and cost the industry millions without any corresponding benefit to either the consumer or the health and stability of the banking system.  Mr. President, an example of a law that may have had good intentions but does not make sense and has cost the banking industry about $400 million is the Truth-in-Savings Act. A law intended to prevent institutions from calculating interest on investible balances has become a leviathon of Broad, highly complex disclosure requirements that extend far beyond the original intent of the law.  Consumer protection laws should do just that, Mr. President. Laws like Truth-in-Lending and Truth-in-Savings have become so complex that the actual benefits these laws confer on consumers are highly questionable.  Another law consistently identified as one of the most burdensome and in need of review is the Community Reinvestment Act. CRA is seen as all stick [[Page S4929]] and no carrot. Even though banks expend significant resources to adequately comply with the law, they are susceptible to protests that promote meritless delay and result in extortive practices.  Large banks with billions in assets have less difficulty diverting assets to achieve compliance under the law than does the small, community bank. The livelihood of small banks--under $250 million in assets--is by their very nature dependent upon reinvesting in their community.  Mr. President, the costs on community banks are tangible and quantifiable, wile the benefits of imposing CRA compliance on community banks are illusive and questionable.  If not properly reformed, CRA threatens to be an albatross of redtape and complexity with little or no way of gauging its benefits or success.  Reducing regulatory burden and compliance costs on our financial institutions promotes credit availability, facilitates capital creation, and fuels our business, our communities, and our economy.  Mr. President, our bill today represents a starting point. The process is open and I expect a great deal of dialogue on the core of our bill as introduced, as well as many other relief provisions that may be raised for inclusion in the process.  Congressman Bereuter is introducing similar regulatory relief legislation in the House today. Mr. President, with the support of the House and Senate leadership and Banking Committee Chairmen D'Amato and Leach, I am confident that our regulatory relief legislation will gain the same broad bipartisan support it enjoyed last year, and I would urge my colleagues to support this bill. 