 President, I rise in strong support of the conference report on H.R. 4. This bill is the most significant piece of welfare reform legislation to come before Congress in more than three decades. The current welfare system is destroying the hopes and opportunities of thousands of Americans by trapping them in cycles of dependency. President Roosevelt, the hero of liberal welfare advocates, warned us what would happen if we structured our welfare system in a way that fostered reliance on the Government. Listen to what he said in his 1935 annual message to Congress:       The lessons of history, confirmed by the evidence      immediately before me, show conclusively that continued      dependence upon relief induces a spiritual and moral      disintegration fundamentally destructive to the national      fiber. To dole out relief in this way is to administer a      narcotic, a subtle destroyer of the human spirit.  Mr. President, that is exactly what the architects of the modern welfare state have done. They have created a welfare system that encourages people to view welfare as a way of life. The typical welfare family has already spent 6\1/2\ years on welfare, and will end up spending a total of 13 years on the rolls. Thirteen years, Mr. President. After 13 years on welfare, the average family has received at least $150,000 of taxpayers' money. No wonder President Roosevelt said this type of welfare was a narcotic that destroyed the human spirit.  The reason welfare has become so addictive is because it completely destroys any incentive to work or become self-sufficient. The current system essentially says to its potential victims, if you do not want to work, have a child you are not able to support. If you do this, the Government will send you a check every month, pay your food bills, give you some free child care, pay all of your health care bills, your heating bills, your college bills, give you some WIC money, pay for your children's breakfast and lunch at school, and possibly provide you with your own apartment.  In other words, Mr. President, the message is the Government will take care of you. You do not need to take care of yourself. You simply need to sit at home and do nothing. That is a very cruel form of assistance. It destroys the natural inclination in every human being to reach their full potential. No private charity operates in that manner. No private charity simply mails people checks for having children they are not able to support.  The bill before us today will begin to repair the broken welfare State; it will restore healthy incentives in our welfare system. It does not abandon poor Americans or their children. Rather, it requires adult welfare recipients to work in exchange for their benefits. If passed, these work requirements will be the first serious work requirements ever passed by Congress. This is not only healthy for the recipients, but it is good for their children to be raised in an environment where they see their parents getting up and going to work everyday. Work will become the norm among those receiving welfare, not the exception.  While I am very optimistic about the results of the strong work requirements in this bill, I want to express my concerns with the lack of provisions to address the most serious problem facing our country today: the breakdown of the traditional family. Eighty percent of children in many low-income communities are born in fatherless homes and welfare is the dominant feature of these homes.  For many poor people, the current welfare system makes bearing children out of wedlock a very practical alternative to the traditional method of raising a family--getting a job, a work skill, and finding a spouse committed to raising a family before having a child. If a young woman has a child before she has a work skill and a spouse, it will be almost impossible for her to ever escape the welfare trap. Mr. President, I regret that this legislation does not replace cash payments to teenagers with services to care for the child. But, I am glad we were able to at least give States the option to do that. It is my sincere hope that many States will pursue that option and will enact other policies to address the crisis of illegitimacy. I am glad that we were able to include the national prohibition against increasing cash payments to welfare recipients who have additional children while on welfare. Mr. President, if we do not contain the epidemic of illegitimacy, it will destroy the fabric of our society. America simply cannot survive without a strong family unit.  This legislation represents real reform. It is a carefully constructed balance between those who would advocate a complete end to public assistance and those who would seek to expand the current welfare State. It is the boldest reform we could have taken in the current political environment, and I hope for the sake of our Nation's future, that all of my colleagues will support this bill and the President will sign it into law.  