 President, I rise in strong support H.R. 1833, the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act. When the Founding Fathers drafted the Constitution of the United States, they made it abundantly clear that one of the most crucial roles of government is to ``secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity.''  Yet, over the past few decades, the value of life in America has been substantially cheapened, and the opportunity for liberty diminished. The rise in drive-by shootings, gang warfare, and abandoned babies, all point to the fact that life in America is not considered as precious as it used to be.  One of the most gruesome indicators of the decline in the value of life is the practice of partial-birth abortions. A partial-birth abortion is an abortion in which the person performing the abortion partially delivers a living baby before killing the baby and completing the delivery.  H.R. 1833 will bring an end to this grisly procedure. Opponents of this bill try to disguise partial-birth abortions as reproductive health services, but a close examination of the procedure shows it is no such thing. When performing a partial-birth abortion, the individual first grabs the live baby's leg with forceps and pulls the baby's legs into the birth canal. He then delivers the baby's entire body, except for the head; jams scissors into the baby's skull and opens them to enlarge the hole. Finally, the scissors are removed and a suction catheter is inserted to suck the baby's brains out. This causes the skull to collapse, at which point the dead baby is delivered and discarded.  Mr. President, this procedure is cruel and indefensible, and it is an assault to the common values of the American people. Listen to what nurse Brenda Pratt Shafer, who witnessed one of these abortions, had to say in her letter to Congressman Tony Hall:       The baby's body was moving. His little fingers were      clasping together. He was kicking his feet. All the while his      little head was still      stuck inside. Dr. Haskell took a pair of scissors and inserted them      into the back of the baby's head. Then he opened the scissors      up. Then he stuck the high-powered suction tube into the hole      and sucked the baby's brains out. I almost threw up as I      watched him do these things.  Mr. President, several medical experts have recently stated that this is not a medically necessary procedure. The American Medical Association's Council on Legislation--which unanimously supports banning this procedure--also stated that partial-birth abortions are ``not a recognized medical technique'' and concurred that the ``procedure is basically repulsive.''  I agree this procedure is repulsive; it is the grotesque killing of a new-born baby. Its feet are out, its hands are out, its legs are kicking, its arms are reaching. It is a new-born baby. Think of what kind of society we live in when we fine and arrest people for affecting the habitat of an endangered kangaroo rat but explicitly allow the abhorrent practice of sucking out the brains of a new-born baby.  Moreover, most partial-birth abortions are performed for purely elective reasons. Martin Haskell, who is one of the chief advocates of this procedure, stated to AMA News in a July 1993 interview that, ``I'll be quite frank: most of my abortions are elective in that 20-24 week range. In my particular case, probably 20 percent are performed for genetic reasons. And the other 80 percent are purely elective. * * *''  Despite the consensus in the medical community that these procedures are not used to save the life of the mother, H.R. 1833 contains a safeguard for any practitioner who reasonably believes this procedure is necessary to save the life of the mother. This legislation is balanced and well-reasoned, and it merits our support.  Mr. President, we need to return to the premise that life in America is precious and sacred. Our Nation's children are our hope and our future, and government at all levels has an incumbent responsibility to protect these children who cannot protect themselves. I support this legislation and urge my colleagues to support it as well.  