 Heflin] an amendment to ensure that individuals guilty of wrongful deaths are not provided unfair and unwarranted protection by the product liability reform legislation we are considering today.  This amendment we are offering was accepted last week by both sides but was excluded from the Gorton-Rockefeller-Dole amendment today. I believe that all of my colleagues will support this measure once they take time to examine its merits. It is unique to the State of Alabama. My State of Alabama has a wrongful death statute, the damages of which are construed as only punitive in nature--not compensatory but only punitive in nature. Under the product liability bill that we are considering today, along with some of the proposed amendments to this bill, people who have committed or are guilty of a wrongful death in my State of Alabama, the damages available will be severely limited. While the bill here allows for additur, the additur procedures in this legislation are cumbersome at best and possibly unworkable.  Madam President, in 1852, I believe it was, the Alabama Legislature passed what is known as the Alabama Homicide Act. This act permits a personal representative to recover damages for a death caused by a wrongful act, omission, or negligence. For the past 140 years, the Alabama Supreme Court has interpreted this statute as imposing punitive damages for any conduct which causes death.  Alabama believes that all people have equal worth in our society so the financial position of a person is not used as a measure of damages in wrongful death cases in Alabama as it possibly is in other States. The entire focus of Alabama's wrongful death civil action is on the cause of death.  The amendment I am offering today on behalf of myself and Senator Heflin will provide that in a civil action where the alleged harm to the claimant is death and the applicable State law only allows for punitive damages, the punitive damages provision of this bill will not apply. In other words, this amendment will only apply to my State of Alabama.  Madam President, I believe there are legitimate reasons to exclude from the coverage of this bill actions such as those brought under Alabama's wrongful death statute. Cases of wrongful death are often some of the most legitimate instances where punitive damages should be awarded.  Everyone in this body knows that I have great reservation about this legislation now before us. However, I do believe the addition of this amendment will help ensure that this bill will not unduly, not unduly, Madam President, penalize the citizens of my State.  I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment.  