 President, I feel compelled to rise in opposition to the Senator from North Dakota's amendment--an amendment, which in my view is misplaced, unwise, and dangerously myopic.  The independent role of the Federal Reserve in setting monetary policy remains critical to the long-term stability of this country.  Cries for more public input in monetary policy decisionmaking misapprehend the necessary role of a central bank in our market system and jeopardize a carefully crafted balance between independence and public accountability.  Public accountability, in contrast to public input, already exists under the current structure of the Federal Resource.  The Fed and its activities are already highly scrutinized by both Houses of Congress pursuant to the Humphrey-Hawkins Act--and I dare say that Chairman Greenspan spends about as much time on the Hill testifying before one committee or another than he does at the Federal Reserve engaging in monetary policy decisionmaking.  This amendment is not about public accountability, Mr. President. Rather, this amendment is about a trade-off between long-term stability and short-term gain.  This amendment represents a rough attempt to influence monetary policy for short-term political purposes.  And yet even if it were successful in its purpose--to try and keep interest rates artificially low--it would still be ineffective, Mr. President, because long-term interests rates are not determined by U.S. monetary policy alone.  The Fed does not make decisions in a vacuum. Long-term bond and currency values reflect international confidence in the conduct of our monetary policy, not simply the Fed's pegged Federal funds rate. And a loose monetary policy, set through a politically influenced decisionmaking process would send a strong message to the rest of the world.  It would basically be telling our international neighbors that we are more concerned with macroeconomic gain than price stability and strong, long-term economic growth.  Mr. President, soft money means a soft economy. Adopt the view endorsed by this amendment and we won't have to worry about bolstering the Mexican economy through billion-dollar subsidies--we can make the peso look good by encouraging a lack of confidence in United States monetary policy and the dollar.  This amendment is not only unwise and myopic, it is misplaced.  It would force the Fed to report to Congress and the White House what costs are imposed on the market every time it raises interest rates. How do you define what comprises costs on the public and private sector? Do you net costs and benefits?  Would the proponents of this amendment agree the way many of them did during the health care debate that the short-term costs are outweighed by the long-term benefits? It would appear so.  Even if you could quantify such costs--which I nonetheless believe would be a specious exercise at best--this amendment is an unnecessary regulatory nightmare.  Congress already has the ability to ask the Fed about the costs of raising interest rates and it has, both through committee oversight and by individual Member queries to the Fed.  So what is the purpose of this amendment? To bog the Fed down in more reporting requirements and politicize its decisionmaking process by triggering the reporting requirements only when the Fed decides to increase interest rates.  Mr. President, the amendment also misapprehends its populist appeal.  It seems to me that on November 8 the American people were pretty clear about a couple of things--one of which is that they can rarely trust Congress to conduct the responsibilities it already has, like making fiscal policy.  I'm quite sure that such a healthy skepticism for this body's abilities would certainly extend to any ideas of Congress extending its reach further into Fed monetary policymaking.  I bet the American people would be much more interested in seeing the Congress report on the costs to the public and private sectors every time it votes to raise taxes.  I like low interest rates, too, Mr. President, but I'm not willing to sacrifice the long-term health of our economy to obtain them.  Mr. President, this amendment has nothing to do with unfunded Federal mandates, but instead is strictly about challenging the role of the Fed in setting monetary policy by making it more politically accountable to Congress.  Costs imposed by rising interest rates are not unfunded Federal mandates. As I've stated before, the Fed can only do so much to affect interest rates, the market will influence the rise or fall in interest rates no matter what the Fed does.  If anything, this amendment is about imposing new mandates by requiring the Fed to comply with new and extensive reporting requirements.  Mr. President, this bill is not the appropriate piece of legislation for this amendment and I would urge my colleagues to support the Senator from Idaho's motion to table the Dorgan amendment.  