 President, I was in a committee when I learned that my colleague from Alabama, Senator Heflin, had made a statement that he was not going to seek reelection for a fourth term in the U.S. Senate.  As his junior Senator--which he used to remind me he wanted me to remain the junior Senator for a long time, and I acquiesced. I said, ``I want you to remain the senior Senator for a long time.''  I want to remind Members that he is not leaving today. He has nearly 2 years that he will be with the Senate, [[Page S4783]] and his presence will be known, his presence will be felt.  I will, as his colleague from Alabama, appreciate every day his counsel, his maturity, and his, at times, recommendations of what to do and not to do and how to do it.  In 1970--it seems just a few years ago--Howell Heflin was elected to the office of Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Alabama. On that same day, I was elected to my first term in the State senate. I had the opportunity to get to know Judge Heflin better, to work with him, to work with him on modernization of the courts of Alabama, for which he won a national award for his leadership and was greatly recognized for that.  In 1976 he chose not to run for reelection as chief justice of the Supreme Court of Alabama. Somebody said, ``Well, he is retired.'' We knew, Judge, you had not retired. You were just going into some other things--maybe the practice of law, maybe teaching, which he did for awhile. But, in 1978, he ran and was elected to the U.S. Senate from Alabama, the first time. Again, our paths crossed. I was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives on the same day that he was elected to the Senate. He was sworn in to the U.S. Senate. I was sworn in across the road here, to the U.S. House of Representatives. So we continued to work together. With his leadership here, he was the senior Senator, I worked with him the 8 years I was in the House. Then, when I was able to join him in 1986, I continued to work with him.  He has served not only Alabama, our State, but the Nation with distinction. We are not going to miss him for awhile because he is going to be with us. But I will miss him after the 2 years. And I want to say to his family--his wife Mike, his son, Tom, and his grandchildren in Tuscumbia, he is not going to retire. He is just going to do something else.  Thank you, Judge.  