 President, I wish to speak for a few minutes about our ballistic missile defense program and the ABM Treaty with an eye toward dismantling several myths about our missile defense program and the scope of the ABM treaty. Unfortunately, many of the opponents of a deployable national missile defense system, including the President, confuse the central issues at hand in this debate through the perpetuation of two central myths about national missile defense.  They maintain consistently that one, deploying a national missile defense system is a return to star wars and two, that such a deployment is an abrogation of the ABM Treaty. Neither of these claims has any grounding in fact.  First, the opponents of a deployable NMD system would have the Senate believe that in supporting NMD deployment we are committing ourselves to a long-term research program that would cost this Nation tens of billions of dollars.  In addition, they would have the Senate think that this system is a space-based system modeled along the lines of the star wars program of the 1980's. The deployed NMD system called for in this bill is neither a distant technological dream, a space-based system, nor an overly expensive investment for the American taxpayer. This legislation calls for a deployable, multiple site, ground-based interceptor system by the year 2003. Let me repeat--a ground-based interceptor system.  The current GBI configuration of a national missile defense system builds off our current advances in theater missile defense--advances that proceed from the concept of ground-based antiballistic missiles. Such a system builds upon existing ground-based interception technology--technology that is currently deployed or is being validated through successful flight tests.  The only current limitation on rapid EKV development and deployment is the funding strangulation placed on our NMD program by the current administration. The centerpiece of this system, the Exoatmospheric kill vehicle or EKV, has been in development for 5 years and has demonstrated outstanding technological progress and achievements. The EKV is a real piece of hardware designed to perform a mission that is well within our current intercept capabilities. As opposed to tens of billions dollars in outlays to develop and deploy a ground-based NMD system, a deployable system will require a scant percentage of the funding provided for space-based research in 1980's. In fact, this year's authorization and appropriations bill call for an increase of only $300 million for national missile defense--an amount that is roughly a third of the cost of one destroyer. The opponents of national missile defense also claim that the national missile defense provisions in this authorization bill would violate the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty. While the ultimate goal of multiple site deployment of an NMD system will require modifications to the ABM Treaty, nothing in the range of the coming year's research and development efforts will in fact, violate the constraints of the treaty. Therefore, the committee has, wisely, asked only for a Senate study on the application and relevance of the ABM Treaty to the current missile defense needs of this country. The ABM Treaty is over two decades old. It is based upon a doctrine of deterrence commonly known as mutually assured destruction. While this doctrine was absolutely applicable to the realities of the cold war, it has little place in a nonbipolar world of rogue regimes and proliferating ballistic missile technology. Unfortunately, the current administration continues to adhere not only to a belief that the parameters of the treaty remain valid in today's world, but seem determined to apply unilateral interpretations to the treaty that limit not only our national missile defense program, but also our theater missile defense systems--limitations beyond those expressly contained in the treaty. Therefore, the committee has recommended a provision that would codify TMD speed and range standards for treaty compliance--standards derived from the administration's own November 1993 proposal. Make no mistake, Mr. President, the global political situation and the nature of the ballistic missile threat has changed dramatically from the time of the ABM Treaty's ratification. North Korea is nearing long-range ballistic missile capability. Just 2 months ago, the Chinese fired a truck-launched ICBM, demonstrating just how easy it will be for rogue states to develop and launch ICBM's on the cheap. Mr. President, the threat to the United States from long-range ballistic missiles from rogue regimes will exist by 2003, if such capabilities do not already exist.  It is absurd and irresponsible to continue to deny our citizens protections from a real threat, especially if that protection can be provided for limited cost and is based upon technology which is near fruition. I strongly urge my colleagues to see through the myths regarding national missile defense and resist any attempts to weaken the commitment of this act to deploying an NMD system.  