 President, the defenders of the current wording of the Endangered Species Act have engaged in a desperate attempt over the past few years to claim that the act is flexible, that it takes account of human economic and social needs and that it actually works at recovering species. They are dead wrong on each of these points. The ESA currently takes almost no account of human economic concerns, provides less flexibility for private land owners than for Federal agencies, and is an open-ended statute with no focus on the recovery of endangered species.  Less than 20 species have ever been delisted and most of these actions were the result of listing errors. The effort to reform this law is about bringing flexibility, common sense and effectiveness to the statute. Something  [[Page S6342]]  that is sorely lacking under the current law. With 4,000 listed and candidate species and virtually the entire country covered by the range of one or more endangered species, the imperative to act to change the law has never been stronger.  As currently constructed, the bill makes many needed changes to what is, in its design and application, a misguided and overly broad statute. The current law provides no mandatory requirement for the independent review of the science supporting listing decisions. This legislation would make such a peer review mandatory, upon request of an affected party. In addition, the bill would create a binding conservation and recovery plan for each listed species.  Currently, recovery plans are not required for each listed species and have no binding effect on the Secretary of Interior even when they are promulgated. As a result, a species listing becomes an open ended commitment with no focus on recovering and ultimately delisting a species.  The bill also provides important flexibility and discretion to the Secretary of the Interior in carrying out the requirements of the act.  Under this legislation, the Secretary will be given broad discretion as to how to proceed with a species' recovery or to decide whether recovery is at all feasible for some species. In addition, the Secretary will be given the authority to issue regional exemptions from the take provisions of the act for particular activities that may or may not affect the habitat of a given species. Such an exemption process could have dramatic effects in preventing future regional train wrecks where entire categories of commercial activities are halted by a species listing.  The bill also narrows the definition of harm to a species back to its congressionally intended scope of meaning actual injury to a member of species. The current broad interpretation of ``take'' under the act is the single most egregious provision in the law with respect to assaulting the property rights of individuals caught in the path of the ESA.  Finally, I would be remiss if I did not mention that I do not regard this bill as perfect legislation, but instead as an excellent starting point for reform.  Indeed, I would have liked for this legislation to include more substantive protections under the act for private property owners. Comprehensive private property rights legislation becoming law is far from guaranteed in this Congress and I believe that this legislation should have included a provision to compensate property owners for lost land value as a result of the act. Eighty-five percent of the land in Alabama is privately owned and the State is fourth in the Nation in candidate and listed species.  These two statistics speak volumes for the concerns I have about protecting private property rights.  In addition, I would have preferred that the legislation eliminate the ability of the Interior Department to list population segments of larger, healthy species. In Alabama, and across the country, a substantial percentage of new listings and proposed listings deal with arcane population segments like snuffbox mussels and shoal sprite snails.  Preserving these population segments is less often about concerns for the larger species and more likely to be a convenient way to slow or impede commercial activity. Not surprisingly, the Fish and Wildlife Service was prepared last year to list the Alabama Sturgeon as a population segment after failing for years to establish it as a distinct species.  However, we have a long way to go in this process and as part of the team effort to reform the ESA, I will work to further strengthen this legislation in concert with my colleagues here today.  