 President, today with my distinguished ranking member, Senator Kerry, I bring to the Senate the conference report for H.R. 2020, the fiscal year 1996 appropriations for the Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Postal Service, the Executive Office of the President, and certain independent agencies.  The conference report we are presenting today contains total funding of $23,161,490. This bill is $339,457,000 below the appropriations provided in fiscal year 1995. It is $15,797,000 below the House-passed bill and $1,735,000,000 below the President's request.  Of the totals in this bill the conference is recommending $11,263,514,000 for new discretionary spending. The balance, $11,889,400,000 is for mandatory programs.  The $11,263,514,000 the committee proposes for domestic discretionary programs is almost $1.8 billion below the President's request. Let me repeat that, Mr. President. This bill is nearly $1.8 billion below the President's fiscal year 1996 request. It is also $340 million below the amount appropriated for the accounts funded in this bill in fiscal year 1995.  Reaching this level has not been an easy task. We have had to make some very difficult decisions, while trying to ensure that funds are made available to carry out essential Government services.  Mr. President, this bill includes $10,303,999,000 for the Department of the Treasury.  The conference report includes $121,908,000 for payment to the Postal Service fund for free mail for the blind, overseas voting, and payment to the Department of Labor for disability costs incurred by the old Post Office Department.  The President receives $156,844,000 to exercise the duties and responsibilities of the Executive Office of the President.  This conference report contains $7.5 million for the operations of the Office of National Drug Control Policy. The fact that we have included funding for the drug czar's office does not mean I am satisfied with the current drug policy of this administration. I have made my feelings on the ineffectiveness of this office known before. I will not take the time of my colleagues to restate it again today. I do want to reiterate that the committee will revisit funding for ONDCP in 1996. I certainly hope we will see some changes.  This bill includes $545,002,000 for construction of new courthouses and Federal facilities. This funding provides the General Services Administration the ability to let construction contracts for buildings which construction can begin in fiscal year 1996. There is no funding for projects where no construction awards can be made in fiscal year 1996.  There is $11.8 billion in mandatory payments through the Office of Personnel Management for annuitant and employee health, disability and retirement, and life insurance benefits.  There is approximately $375 million for other independent agencies.  Mr. President, this bill proposes to terminate the Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations and the Administrative Conference of the United States. Funds are provided for ACIR to complete the unfunded mandates study, and provide for the orderly closedown of the two agencies.  Mr. President, this subcommittee continues to be a strong supporter of law enforcement. We have done what we can to ensure that the law enforcement agencies funded in this bill have the resources to do the job we ask them to do.  There has been considerable discussion since this bill was reported from the subcommittee about the level of funding for the Internal Revenue Service. The level of discussion continued through the conference. The conference report exceeds the bill passed by the Senate by $31 million. The Senate conferees worked with the conferees from the other body to do what we could to resolve the differences between the two Houses to balance processing and enforcement, while continuing tax systems modernization efforts.  Mr. President, let me be perfectly clear on this. As I said when the Senate first deliberated this bill, that the committee's options were limited. Many may disagree with the choices we have made, but we had to work with limited resources. Funding for the IRS makes up 65 percent of the discretionary spending in this bill. There is no other way to reach savings called for in our 602(b) allocation.  Mr. President, this bill, as we all know has been held up because of discussions on the legislative language popularly called the Istook amendment. The amendment in disagreement is language offered by Senator Simpson, which I support. The other body insisted that the Senate recede from its position in amendment No. 132. Senator Simpson, the sponsor of this amendment, has indicated that he will support the motion to recede on this amendment so we can send this bill to the President. I personally want to thank Senators Simpson and Craig for all of their hard work on this issue.  I yield to Senator Kerrey, the subcommittee's ranking member.  