 President, along with the Senators that I have just mentioned as cosponsors, that is, namely, Senators Craig, Lott, Hatfield, Coats, Santorum, Grams, Helms, and Gramm of Texas, I am introducing an amendment that we believe will help strengthen the role of the family in America.  The out-of-wedlock birthrate in America is projected to reach 50 percent by early next century, and I am concerned that this trend will result in a dramatic increase in the number of children abused and neglected. There are now close to 500,000 children in the foster care system, but only 50,000 are placed for adoption each year. Our amendment would effectively find homes for many children who need parents and find children for parents who need families. The objective of this amendment is to provide an appropriate incentive to encourage a policy which should be embraced by all Americans.  Adoption is a positive event that benefits everyone involved. Obviously a loving, caring family for a parentless child is the primary benefit of adoption. Studies show the adopted child receives a strong self identity, positive psychological health and a tendency for financial well-being.  Parents who adopt children also benefit. They receive the joy and responsibility of raising a child as well as the love and respect only a child can give. The emotional fulfillment of raising children clearly contributes to the fullness of life.  Lastly, we should not forget the advantages to communities as a whole in America. Society is unambiguously better off as a result of adoption. Statistics show time and again that children with families intact are more likely to become productive members of the community than children without both parents.  Unfortunately more times than not, a financial barrier stands in the way of otherwise qualified parents. The monthly cost of supporting the child is not the hurdle, but instead the initial outlay to pay for the adoption. There are many fees and costs involved with adopting a child, which include maternity home care, normal prenatal and hospital care for the mother and child, preadoption foster care for infant, home study fees, and legal fees. These costs can range anywhere from about $13,000 to $36,000, according to the National Council for Adoption.  Like the person who wants to buy a home, but cannot because the financial hurdle of a down payment stops them, potential parents often cannot adopt a child because of the substantial initial fees, fees that could actually exceed the cost of a down payment for a home. As a result, children are denied homes, and parents denied children.  Our amendment seeks to address this problem. It would allow a $5,000 refundable tax credit for adoption expenses. This credit would be fully available to any individual with an income up to $60,000 and phased out up to an income of $100,000. Other adoption tax credits have been put forth, but the key element of our adoption tax credit is its full refundability. This provision will allow many couples who may not have a tax liability in a given year to be able to afford to open up their home to a parentless child.  A fully-refundable adoption tax credit is an essential part of any welfare reform measure like the one we have before us.  Our amendment would also provide that employer-provided adoption assistance would be excluded from gross income for taxable purposes. Those receiving assistance from their employer to cover costs over and above the first $5,000--which would be taken care of by the credit--would not have to count that assistance as income. Finally, the amendment provides that withdrawals from an IRA can be made penalty-free and excluded from income if used for qualified adoption expenses. Representative Joseph Kennedy and others are advocating a proposal similar to this in the House.  I believe these changes will go a long way in making adoption a reality for many children and helping them find the loving homes they so desperately need in America. This amendment has the strong support of 14 adoption organizations, which represent more than 1,000 adoption agencies and practitioners. Mr. President, I hope my colleagues will join us in reaching out to families in order to provide a better, brighter future for our children and a heightened degree of appreciation for the potential that adoption holds for our society. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  