 President, I rise today to oppose President Clinton's plan to send America's sons and daughters into Bosnia. On Monday evening, President Clinton asked Congress and the American people to support a policy that transforms the world's greatest fighting force into a band of peace enforcers and nation builders.  Unfortunately, this President is a poor student of history. He has quickly forgotten the tragic lessons of Somalia and Beirut. I can assure you, Mr. President, the families of those killed in those faraway places are reminded every day and will not soon forget the consequences of this type of ill-conceived foreign policy.  President Clinton wants us to support an undetermined scheme to enforce a precarious peace between factions that have been at war for almost 4 years and fighting each other for generations. He tells us it will take 20,000 American troops and less than a year. Mr. President, less than a year to bring peace to a place that has not known peace in recent memory?  President Clinton tells us that our troops will be peacekeepers and not war fighters. They will be neutral brokers of an agreed upon settlement between warring parties. The problem with this, Mr. President, is that we are not a neutral party in this conflict. President Clinton himself admits that we chose sides.  We imposed economic sanctions on Serbia and were an active participant in a sustained air assault on Bosnian Serb targets. To add insult to injury, the administration also proposes that we train the Bosnian Federation while we enforce the peace. Is there any doubt that the Serbs will view our presence as something less than neutral?  Mr. President, why is this any different than Beirut or Somalia and can we really expect a different result?  President Clinton said that we will send 20,000 of our troops. How did he determine that we would need 20,000 troops to enforce the peace?  Earlier this year President Clinton imprudently promised to commit up to 25,000 U.S. ground forces long before there was peace, before there was a plan, before there was a mission, and before we had any idea whether it would be necessary to become involved at all. Recently, the President told us that he still has not seen the plan.  As yet, there is no clearly defined mission, no attainable military goals and no way to measure success. However, President Clinton knows that we will send 20,000 of our troops to implement this unknown plan. Mr. President, without well-defined and achievable military goals, I fear that the world's finest fighting forces are about to be used as global hall-monitors, sitting ducks for disgruntled belligerents.  Mr. President, I suggest that the administration has yet to establish any credible case for this deployment.  President Clinton also tells us that the United States must lead when NATO is involved. Of course the United States must lead, but the President has equated leadership with American ground troops.  American ground forces offer no tactical or operational advantage to a Bosnian peace force. They offer only political advantage for our reluctant European allies. The Balkans are historically a matter of concern to Western Europe. If they do not believe the problem is important enough to solve--then we certainly should not.  President Clinton apparently believes that the United States must deploy troops in Bosnia to preserve NATO and that NATO is the proper vehicle for peace in Bosnia. Mr. President, by any measure this would greatly expand the alliance's mandate to include missions never even remotely contemplated by NATO's founders.  NATO was intended to be a military alliance to deter a Soviet attack on Western Europe. There is no doubt that the United States has a vital interest in the continent's security. President Clinton proposes, however, that we transform the basic mission of NATO from an organization that guards Western Europe from attack, into an organization that intervenes in civil disputes and parochial conflicts of nonmember states.  Mr. President, we should never seek to preserve an alliance unless that alliance serves the purposes for which it was crated. NATO was not created to be the arbiter of civil disputes nor should it seek to become one.  What did President Clinton not tell us? He did not tell us how our troops will get out. He told us that it should last only 1 year, but as former Assistant Secretary of Defense Richard Perle testified before the Armed Services Committee, ``An exit date is not an exit strategy.'' To compound the problem, the administration will be under enormous pressure to succeed. Especially in an election year.  Without clearly defined military missions and goals, mission creep is inevitable. As President Clinton expands the mission he will be compelled to escalate American military efforts to meet the requirements of new missions. This sounds very familiar, Mr. President.  President Clinton also did not tell the American people how much this will cost them. Some estimates run as high as $2 billion and that is based on a best-case scenario. Mr. President, military planning must take into account the worst-case scenario. Our fighting forces must be prepared for any contingency.  Again, I fear that this administration has not prepared for unexpected events which are inevitable in any military operation. This could be critical not only to the financial cost of the operation, but to the incalculable human cost as well.  President Clinton asked the American people to choose peace. Mr. President, the American people do choose peace. We hope for a lasting end to the Bosnian civil war that has raged for so long. The American people and this body will support the President in his efforts to end the fighting, but we will not commit our fighting men and women when we have no vital national interest at stake. Just saying we have a vital interest, Mr. President, does not make it so. President Clinton has failed to make the case to the American people, and this body should not support a deployment of American troops to Bosnia.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  