 President, we are involved here in a truly historic debate. The proposed balanced budget amendment will decide the fate of America for years to come. Our decision will dictate whether our children and grandchildren will live free and prosper from the fruits of their labor or, on the other hand, live in a Third World economy subservient to the economic leaders of other industrialized nations in the world.  Debtors are never free to choose. They are never free to choose. They are only subject to the dominion of their creditors. We all know this.  Interest payments on the national debt now are expected to be $310 billion this year. Interest payments on the national debt are expected to be $310 billion. Think of it. That comes out to be about $4,600 per family, or 52 percent of all individual income taxes collected in America this year. The national debt itself is over $4.75 trillion, going on $5 trillion. Gross domestic product is only about $6.5 trillion.  Combined, these numbers produce a debt-to-GDP ratio of 73 percent. As the debt continues to grow, so inevitably does the tax burden on the American people. Granted, Mr. President, we have gotten away with debt in the past, but the time to pay the bill is rapidly approaching. The global markets are beginning to experience a capital crunch. European economies are expanding and picking up steam. Southeast Asian markets are booming. Japan is calling on its reserves to rebuild infrastructure after the earthquake.  In short, Mr. President, demand for capital is simply growing faster than can be supplied and, as a result, investors are being more selective about which markets they place their money in, as they should be.  A very clear and primary concern of financial markets is a nation's poor economic policies and its debt structure. I submit here today that the lack of budget discipline we display here in the United States is not highly regarded among any investor in the world. Our current account stood at $104 billion in 1993. This means we either sold $104 billion in assets to foreign entities, borrowed $104 billion from foreign entities, or a combination of the two.  Although a current account deficit in and of itself is not a bad thing, the accumulation of persistent current account deficits, over time, leads to a great big external debt. These deficits identify a systematic shortfall of savings below investment, due to an expansion of consumption relative to income. The implication is that we borrow to finance current consumption expenditures that have no effect on economic growth or future income in this country. In other words, the Government is borrowing abroad to finance an excess of expenditures over income. We are living beyond our means.  Projections of higher current account deficits run well into the foreseeable future. The former Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, Paul Volcker, for whom we all have great respect, has warned of the current account deficit addiction, as he calls it.  He said:       * * * we simply cannot afford to become addicted to drawing      on increasing amounts of foreign savings to help finance our      internal economy. Part of our domestic industry--that part      dependent on exports, or competing with imports--would be      sacrificed. The stability of the dollar and of our domestic      financial markets would become hostage to events abroad. If      recovery is to proceed elsewhere, as we want, other countries      will      [[Page S2007]] increasingly need their own savings. Although      we do not know when, the process eventually would break down.  Those are not my words. They are the words of Dr. Volcker. We cannot, Mr. President, continue to finance our debt through a balance of payments deficit unless we want to find ourselves in the same type of crisis as Mexico, or perhaps Canada.  Mexico, as we all know, is in dire financial straits. The cause of Mexico's problems is based on large budget and current account deficits. Mexico tried to finance consumption by running a current account deficit at nearly 8 percent of the gross domestic product, living well beyond their means. Financial markets realized the risk of holding Mexican currency and proceeded in a widespread selloff of the peso. Mexico was virtually helpless in its ability to manage monetary policy due to what? Their structural debt problem.  Now, Mr. President, private investors will not even prop up the peso without a guarantee from the United States or something similar to that, the President announced.  If you look to our north, another neighbor is financially destitute. Canada's long-suffering dollar is at a 9-year low. Canada has the second highest ratio of debt-to-gross domestic product of any industrialized country, and 35 percent of all Federal revenues in Canada go to service the debt. In addition, Canada ran a $30 billion balance of payments deficit in this past year. Canada is in serious trouble. Some Third World countries have a better handle on their debt than our neighbor to the north.  The fiscal order of Canada is forcing real budget decisions and real budget cuts. No fiddling around the edges, Canada is on the verge of becoming a Third World country if they do not take immediate and radical steps to address their debt problem.  Mexico and Canada, for us, provide valuable, tangible lessons of what happens if a country does not address its debt. Some will agree but then point out that a balanced budget amendment is not the means to achieve fiscal restraint. We have heard it before. They say, ``All we need is the will to balance the budget.'' That is a common refrain. Unfortunately, Mr. President, the collective will is not present in this body.  In a 1932 radio speech, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt said, ``Any government, like any family, can for a year spend a little more than it earns. But you and I know that a continuance of that habit means the poorhouse.''  Well, President Roosevelt knew what he was talking about. Our continued habit has produced deficits in 33 out of the last 34 years in this country. Can you imagine? In 33 of the last 34 years we have run a deficit. Presently, there is no end in sight. I believe every Senator has the will to balance the budget. What they will not agree on is the way to get there. The nature of this institution instills incentives to vote for additional expenditures and deficit financing.  No one likes to take the heat for cutting specific programs. Indeed, many Senators do not vote to cut programs for that very reason. That is why we need a balanced budget amendment--to instill the individual will for action on the collective body. Planning strategic cuts over a period of 7 years will be much less painful than waiting until the debt collector is standing at our door.  Currently, 48 States possess one sort of a balanced budget requirement or another. For them, these restrictions provide a source of discipline throughout the budget process. It is an extremely aristocratic notion to believe we are better than the States and do not need such forced discipline to help us balance the budget, because we all know better. Congress has proven we cannot balance the budget on our own, and we will not.  Canada and Mexico are wake-up calls. I do not want the United States to be like Britain in the 1970's or New Zealand in the 1980's. Both had to call in the International Monetary Fund to stabilize its falling currency. We had a scare last year and unless we pass this amendment, we may very well experience far worse in the future.  Government deficits reduce national savings. As a result, the economy accumulates less domestic capital and fewer foreign assets. The lack of Government investment means that borrowing is not being used to finance increased productivity and therefore will not provide a foundation for future repayment of the debt. Federal Government surpluses are pertinent to the repayment of the public debt. Some will say we can raise taxes. I, for one, will not support an increase in taxes. It has been proven time and time again, higher taxes do not eliminate the deficit. Instead, experience suggests Congress will spend all tax revenues plus the highest deficit markets will accept.  The accumulation of debt will cause our children and grandchildren to have lower standards of living, because they will inherit a smaller capital stock and because they will have to pay more interest to foreign investors. This reduction in future living standards reflects the true burden of Government debt.  To vote against this amendment is to disregard the obligation we have to protect and serve not only this country but the children that we bequeath this burden to.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  