 President, today, along with my distinguished ranking member, Senator Kerrey, we are bringing to the Senate the Senate Appropriations Committee recommendation on fiscal year 1996 appropriations for the Department of the Treasury, U.S. Postal Service, the Executive Office of the President, and certain independent agencies.  Mr. President, the bill we are presenting today contains total funding of $23,134,570,000. This bill is $367,859,000 below the appropriations provided in fiscal year 1995. It is $42,716,000 below the House-passed bill and $1.775 billion below the President's request.  Of the totals in this bill, we are recommending $11,262,500,000 for new discretionary spending. The balance, $11,889,400,000 is for mandatory programs over which this committee has no control.  The $11,262,500,000 the committee proposes for domestic discretionary programs is $1.8 billion below the President's request. Let me repeat that, Mr. President. This bill is $1.8 billion below the President's fiscal year 1996 request.  Reaching this level has not been an easy task. We have had to make some very difficult decisions, while trying to ensure that funds are made available to carry out essential governmental functions.   Mr. President, this bill includes $10,466,900,000 for the Department of the Treasury. The Treasury Department has varied responsibilities, the bulk of which are directed to the revenues and expenditures of this Government and law enforcement functions.  This bill includes $121,908,000 for payment to the Postal Service fund for free mail for the blind, overseas voting, and payment to the Department of Labor for disability costs incurred by the old Post Office Department.  The President receives $149,915,000 to exercise the duties and responsibilities of the Executive Office of the President.  This bill also includes $573,872,000 for construction of new courthouses and Federal facilities. This funding provides the General Services Administration the ability to let construction contracts for buildings which construction can begin in fiscal year 1996. There is no funding, Mr. President, for projects where no construction can be accomplished in 1996.  There is $11.8 billion in mandatory payments through the Office of Personnel Management for annuitant and employee health disability and retirement, and life insurance benefits.  There is $390 million for other independent agencies.  Mr. President, this bill also proposes to terminate the Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations, the Administrative Conference of the United States, and the Office of National Drug Control Policy.  There have been many who have said that these organizations should be funded and continued. Mr. President, as you well know, these are difficult times--times in which we are being asked to make very tough, very difficult decisions.  I am sure we will have the opportunity to discuss these proposals later on during the deliberations on the bill.  Mr. President, this subcommittee continues to be a strong supporter of law enforcement. We have done what we can to ensure that the law enforcement agencies funded in this bill have the resources to do the job that we ask them to do.  There has been considerable discussion since this bill was reported from the subcommittee about the level of funding for the Internal Revenue Service. This level of discussion has been second only to that concerning the decision of the committee to terminate the drug czar's office. I would like to take a few moments to describe how we arrived at the funding level for the IRS.  This bill includes $7,307,208,000 for the Internal Revenue Service. This total is $803 million below the President's request and $202 million below fiscal year 1995. There are those, including the President, who have said that you have to fund the IRS at the requested level to ensure that tax systems modernization continues and that funds owed to the Government are collected.  Mr. President, this morning, let me be perfectly clear on this. Based on the subcommittee's budget allocation, we have no other options. Many may disagree with the choices we have made, but we are working with limited resources. Funding for the IRS makes up 65 percent, Mr. President, of the discretionary spending in this bill. It is obvious if cuts are made, the IRS will have to have a significant percentage of the cuts.  The budget resolution narrative describes the commitment to tax systems modernization and the collection initiative begun last year. But the crosswalk provided by the Budget Committee on which the committee's allocation was determined does not match this language.  Mr. President, as I have indicated, this bill makes a number of people, including the President of the United States, possibly very uncomfortable. It is, however, the result of long, hard hours of work on the part of members and staff of this committee. I want to thank all of them for that effort. I believe it is workable and should be enacted.  I yield to Senator Kerrey, the subcommittee's ranking member.  