 President, I appreciate the remarks of my good friend from Arkansas. He is to be commended over the years for being very involved in pushing legislation for years and years and articulating the position of the taxpayer as far as the IRS is concerned. We all know that that is known as the Taxpayers' Bill of Rights. That was long in coming, and the Senator from Arkansas should get most of the credit for it. A lot of us worked with him, but he was the leader in this, and I commend him so.  On this bill here, let me share some of it. In December 1991, the IRS completed an internal study that addressed, among other things, legal, financial, policy, and design considerations involved in contracting out collections. The study concluded that the IRS should test the use of private collection companies, provided that legal issues regarding activities that the IRS could contract out and funding sources were resolved. This proposal before us encourages that. In September 1992, the OMB issued a policy letter indicating that private companies can do collection-related functions such as locating taxpayers, making telephone calls to remind taxpayers of tax delinquencies, mailing tax notices, and providing lockboxes for receipt of payments. This proposal encourages that.  In December 1992, the IRS chief counsel's office issued guidance for IRS' use of contracting with private collection companies. It concurs with the OMB letter. In discussing the disclosure issue, the guidance said that the IRS has the authority to contract out certain collection-related activities and that the appropriate safeguards would be in place. This proposal would allow the IRS to ensure the appropriate safeguards are in place.  As the Senator from Arkansas brings up--and he is absolutely right--the appropriate safeguards must be in place. The IRS must, Mr. President, oversee this. The IRS will oversee this. This is a pilot program. The 1993 GAO report indicated, Mr. President, that the IRS was moving forward with the plans for a pilot test which would start as early as October 1993--we are behind on that--and that the IRS' long-range plans included expansion if the test worked.  The Vice President's reinvention proposal indicates that a pilot test should be developed. And considering the fact that taxes remain uncollected in the United States and that the number of IRS personnel continues to grow, and the only apparent way the IRS is able to increase revenues is to spend more money and hire more people, should we not try something new? I say yes.  This proposal allows the IRS to create the plan. They can address all of the concerns that have been raised, not only by the Senator from Arkansas, but by others, including this Senator. I firmly believe, Mr. President, that we should use all of the resources available to ensure that tax scofflaws are tracked down and those of us who pay our taxes are given more for our money.  Let me continue. The conferees have included, Mr. President, a provision which will create the pilot program allowing private law and collection activities to pursue delinquent tax bills under the direction of the IRS, Mr. President; no one else.  This proposal is intended to be innovative. It gives the authority to the IRS to make the decisions. The IRS will be able to use all of the safeguards available to ensure taxpayers and disclosure problems.  Many businesses and States already use private collection sources in an attempt to manage and to supplement their basic resources.  The GAO reported in 1993 that 28 States with individual income tax problems used private collection companies in collecting taxes. Only 6 of the 28 States felt they were ineffective.  Several questions have been raised by the Senator from Arkansas, and they should be, about the private collection initiative. Some of those questions are basically these:  Is privatizing certain collection activities on delinquent tax debt a good idea? The answer, I believe, is yes. Currently, approximately $70 billion, Mr. President--$70 billion--is owed to the IRS in delinquent tax debt upon which the IRS has ceased active collection efforts, and this amount is growing by roughly $10 billion a year.  This proposal before us would allow private firms to provide limited collection services on that debt at no cost to the taxpayers, unless the debt is collected, because these accounts are currently lying dormant at the IRS and will remain so.  What prevents private collectors from engaging in abusive collection practices or disclosure of confidential information? The Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and the Privacy Act of 1974 prohibit harassment of debtors and other unfair collection practices, as well as the unauthorized disclosure of debtor information to third parties. Violations of these provisions can subject collectors to millions of dollars in actual and punitive damages.  Let me go into this a minute. What type of taxpayer records will they have access to? This was raised by the Senator from Arkansas. The only information that contractors would receive would be the debtor's name, the address, the phone number, the Social Security number, employer, and amount owed, just as they would with any nontax debt in America.  Mr. President, the debtor's tax return would not--and I repeat, would not--be disclosed to the contractor.  Who will these contractors be? Private collection companies that specialize in collecting overdue debts. An example of the best pool of candidates from which to choose would be those collectors currently working under the Department of Education's private sector collection activities for student-related debt contracts.  Who will train them? According to GAO, one of the reasons for using private collection companies is for the IRS to learn from the techniques that are being used in the private sector to collect overdue taxes. Consequently, the training of employees who will be performing this function should be, I believe, done by private collection companies that will be contracting with the Internal Revenue Service, under the supervision and guidelines of the Internal Revenue Service.  With respect to special expertise that is needed for collecting tax debts, the IRS should and would provide the speciality training. No one else.  On which cases will the collector's work? Currently not collectible accounts, that is what they are called, Mr. President, as classified by the IRS since these accounts are now lying dormant at the IRS, $70 billion of them.  One approach would be to send cases to private contractors that are otherwise noncollectible, primarily where there is an inability to locate the taxpayer and, in such cases, a contractor should be able to invest more resources to locate them than the IRS can spend.  Another approach would be to take cases that are deferred, meaning that there is a small enough balance due that the moneys are left uncollected until some other credit shows up in the system, such as a refund, that is then offset against the deferred amount, and replace these with private collectors.  What type of collection services will they provide? The contractors will be responsible for generating letters to be mailed in most cases by the IRS and making phone calls to debtors. The letters and calls would be designed to remind debtors of their outstanding tax debt and to seek assurances from the debtor that the debt will be repaid. The contractors would not, Mr. President, be authorized to receive funds, compromise debts, sue debtors, seize property, or levy against assets.  At this time, it would seem to make sense to me to test a program where private contractors locate and call taxpayers by telephone and inform them of how much they owe, how high interest and/or penalties are accumulating, their options, and the actions the IRS can take if they do not pay.  However, the contractor would not make the final decision and should not make the final decision whether or not to enter into an installment agreement or to take any other collection action.  The bottom line is that this is a pilot program. IRS has full control. They should have full control. The points I have tried to respond to are examples. IRS will be making the decisions. I believe that any ideas should be considered. I believe this is a good proposal that we have come forth with.  