 President, just to paraphrase some of it, not all of it, in this advice to the President by Mr. Hamilton, the attorney:       The White House should say as little and produce as few      documents as possible to the press. Statements and documents      likely will be incomplete or inconclusive, and could just      fuel the fire.  Listen to this advice to the President:       The White House should ensure that what statements it does      make are consistent and coordinated. Erroneous or conflicting      statements could be disastrous; the Nixon White House brought      huge trouble upon itself by issuing inaccurate, inconsistent      statements about Watergate. The Washington Times in      particular has dissecting current White House communications.  Then, item No. 6 on the advice to the President:       The White House should not forget that attorney-client and      executive privileges are legitimate doctrines in proper      contexts. While the ongoing release of Whitewater documents      to Justice seems appropriate, Bernie initially acted properly      in protecting the contents of Vince's files.  Item 11:       Because you will continue to receive reporter questions      about these matters, I respectfully suggest that you always      be prepared personally with a response to the issues of the      day. I expect that ``no further comment'' often will suffice.  Now, Mr. President, item No. 2, back on the first page of the letter which I have introduced, to the President by Mr. Hamilton says:       Investigations, like other significant matters, must be      carefully managed. One person in the White House, (Bruce I      assume) should be assigned responsibility for coordinating      information gathering, responses to official inquiries and      public statements about these matters. This cannot be treated      as an incidental assignment.  However, Mr. President, rather than heeding the advice, this advice which has, in fact, led to the same mistakes that the Nixon White House made, I think the White House should be forthcoming on these subpoenas. If they have nothing to hide, and I hope they do not, why go through the exercise? Why go through this?  What are we interested in, Mr. President, as this committee? We are looking at the truth of what went on. Did they have information that they should not have had? Where did they get this information? I believe the President would serve himself well and the American people if he produced these documents with no conditions, without reservation.  