 President, I believe some good is going to come out of this debate here on the floor of the Senate because I agree with the Senator from Arkansas that the IRS should and must protect the privacy of all taxpayers not to hand over their tax returns to anyone else, and we are not going to do that in this.  Let me go back to something. The IRS, Internal Revenue Service, actually requested this proposal 2 years ago. The approved budget for the Internal Revenue Service in fiscal year 1994 included funding, at the request of the IRS, totaling $5.790 million in startup funds and 41 full-time equivalent employees. I will quote the IRS document:       This will enable the Internal Revenue Service collection to      contract for a test to determine the effectiveness and cost-     benefit of having private sector collection agencies work a      portion of the delinquent taxes inventory not being worked      due to resource constraints, and so forth. The funds,      unfortunately, were reprogrammed to cover costs of locality      pay. Let me repeat, Mr. President, there are $70 billion in      America in these closed accounts or dormant accounts,      uncollectible, growing at the rate of $10 billion a year. I      do not know how much of these dormant accounts--$70 billion      now, and next year it will be $80 billion, getting on up      toward $100 billion. That is a lot of money in America. If      these taxes are owed--and most of them are not even disputed,      it is my understanding--we should collect them. These are      owed taxes. If we can collect them, it helps us in our      expenditures here in the Congress. It means people are not      going to be deadbeats in this country, and that we will have      to levy fewer taxes elsewhere. I think it is a good start. It      is a pilot program, and I think it makes sense.  I do want to continue to work with my friend from Arkansas to make sure that the American taxpayers' privacy is protected. Their returns are not put out of the IRS, but as far as what they owe and who they are, I do not see any privacy on that. That is everywhere in America today. You can pick that up on a credit report.  