I thank my good friend for yielding.  Madam Speaker, the Protect Life Act offered by Chairman Joe Pitts and Dan Lipinski ensures that all the elements of the Hyde amendment apply to all the programs that are authorized and appropriated in ObamaCare.  By now I trust that all Members fully understand that because programs in ObamaCare are both authorized and appropriated in the law on a parallel track but not subject to appropriations under HHS, the actual Hyde amendment therefore has no legal effect whatsoever. Hyde only affects Labor-HHS programs including Medicaid, not the massive expansion of government-funded health care. Thus, ObamaCare, when phased in fully in 2014, will open up the floodgates of public funding for abortion in a myriad of programs, including and especially in the ``exchanges'', resulting in more dead babies and wounded mothers than would otherwise have been the case.  Because abortion methods dismember, decapitate, crush, poison, or starve to death or induce premature labor, pro-life Members of Congress and, according to every reputable poll, majorities of Americans want no complicity whatsoever in the destruction of human life. ObamaCare forces us to be complicit.  Despite breathtaking advances in recent years, and respecting and treating unborn children as patients in need of diagnosis and care and treatment for any number of diseases just like any other patient, far too many people dismiss the baby in the womb as persona non grata.  I respectfully submit: How can violence against children by abortion be construed as benign or compassionate or caring?  The dangerous myth of ``safe abortion'' must be exposed--and absolutely not subsidized by taxpayers. So-called safe abortion is the ultimate oxymoron, an Orwellian manipulation of language designed to convey bogus respectability to a lethal act. Abortion is, by any reasonable definition, child mortality. Its sole purpose is to kill a baby.  I would also suggest that presumptuous talk that brands any child as ``unwanted'' or an ``unwanted child'' reduces that child to a mere object bereft of inherent dignity or value.  We should not be paying for abortion. I support the Protect Life Act.  