I will just take a minute, Mr. Chairman, because the hour is late.  The problem with the United Nations Population Fund activities in China is that it strictly adheres to Chinese law.  Chinese law is a one-child-per-couple policy, and it has a direct result in the clinics and in the programs that are run in the approximately 30 counties that UNFPA oversees or has programs in or projects. Each and every one of those adhere to this one-child-per-couple policy. Yes, they may say you can choose to be sterilized or have an IUD insertion, one or the other, but you must have it. It is compulsory. It is involuntary. So they enforce the involuntariness, the compulsory nature, but they may give a choice as to what method a person may be able to follow. That is not voluntary.  I would also point out that, for 30 years, representatives of the UNFPA have said publicly again and again and again that the Chinese program is ``totally voluntary.'' Nothing I would submit to my good friend and colleague from New York could be further from the truth. There was nothing voluntary about this horrific program where women are treated like chattel.  As a Member of Congress, I have held 27 hearings as chairman of the Human Rights Committee of the Foreign Affairs Committee--27 hearings just on China. We heard from numerous women who were forcibly aborting. They told the story about how it was told to them--that this was a voluntary abortion. They were coerced. They had sessions with cadres who wore them down; and over time, they submitted, feeling they had no way to fight back.  I had a woman testify. Her name is Wuijan. She recently got asylum right here in the United States. She had a well-founded fear of persecution based on the forced abortion policy. A student at a major university here, she testified through tears how she was forced to abort after being rounded up with other women.  She said, at the clinic, which was voluntary--all of this is voluntary according to the UNFPA--that there were moms crying, rolling on the floor. She said, when they killed her baby and severed the baby's limbs with scissors and a curet that the nurse actually put a foot on her, near the top of her lapel. She looked at the bloody foot and broke down, crying. She could not finish her testimony.  I will provide that to the gentlelady if she would like to see it.  The UNFPA has enabled these crimes, and they are crimes against humanity. At the Nuremberg War Crimes Tribunal, forced abortion was properly construed to be a crime against humanity because it was employed by the Nazis against Polish women.  People like Wei Jingsheng and Harry Wu--the great human rights activists--have all been very clear that the one-child-per-couple policy is one of the worst violations, if not the worst violation, of human rights in scope and in magnitude directed against women and, of course, against the dead children who are the result.  The UNFPA is a part of that. They defend it.  With all due respect to my good friend, this funding of an organization that says that this is a voluntary program must cease, because they givetangible assistance. I met finally with Pong Peiyon, the woman who ran the program. Yes, I was in Beijing on one of my many human rights trips there. She said to me over and over again in that conversation that the UNFPA is here, and they see no coercion. There is no coercion.  So I thank my friend for yielding. Again, we should direct our moneys to other organizations--to NGOs, to USAID. I would also point out that a dear colleague went on, as well as some Members on the other side of the aisle, about obstetric fistula.  I want to point out to my friends that I got a bill passed in this House back in 2005 that established a fistula repair program for women in the developing world. It passed. It failed over in the Senate, but it passed.  I went to Kent Hill, who was then the administrator of health for USAID. I said to please take this and administratively put it into practice. We now have 35 different programs in 12 countries. Fifteen thousand African and Asian women have had fistula repairs as a direct result of this program.  We need to funnel our money into maternal health care and into other health care interventions that will aid women, especially those who suffer from such terrible things as obstetric fistula.  