 The gentleman's premise is incorrect. None of us on this side think we ought to delay this bill. None of us. We believe that the troops need the funds, our President has asked for the funds, we're for passing those funds. Very frankly, in the Senate, as you know, they added a lot of extraneous matters. Some Republicans added extraneous matters that, very frankly, we're not happy about on this side of the aisle. Large sums of money which have nothing to do with the troops. They were added because those Members of the Senate, who happen to be very high-ranking Republicans, believe those matters are very important.  Furthermore, let me say to the gentleman we just honored a President that you believe was a great President of the United States. We honored him yesterday with a statue. I know you'll be interested in some quotes from that President:  ``I have an unbreakable commitment to increased funding for IMF.'' Ronald Reagan, September 7, 1983.  He went on to say in that same speech, ``The IMF is the linchpin of the international financial system.''  He went on to say on July 14, ``The IMF has been a cornerstone of U.S. foreign economic policy under Republican and Democratic administrations for nearly 40 years.'' That was, of course, in 1983.  I suggest to the gentleman it has continued for the 26 years after that.  And it remains, he said, a cornerstone of the foreign economic policy of this administration.  Another President on September 25, 1990, said this: George Bush, President of the United States, ``The IMF and World Bank, given their central role in the world economy, are key to helping all of us through this situation by providing a combination of policy advice and financial assistance.'' September 25, 1990,  He went on to say, ``As we seek to extend and expand growth in the worldeconomy, the debt problems faced by developing countries are central to the agenda of the IMF. The international community's strengthened approach to these problems has truly provided new hope for debtor nations.''  I would suggest to you, also, that 11 of the Members--which is to say approximately a little over 25 percent of the votes, Republican votes in the United States Senate--supported this legislation in this bill. So it came to us in a bipartisan fashion from the United States Senate.  Our President has indicated that the United States of America will in fact participate with the other 19 leading industrial nations of this world in trying to lift out of the mire of economic distress some countries whose distress will impact our recovery as well.  That is why I say to my friend no one, no one, no one wants to delay this bill. I would hope that we have the 368 votes that voted for this bill the first time it passed intact when it comes and be consistent with the principles enunciated by Ronald Reagan and George Bush in the 1990s.  