I thank Mr. Westmoreland for helping this legislation come to the floor.  Today the House pauses in solemn remembrance of the nine men and women who lost their lives when two Metro trains collided on June 22. It was, as has been said, the deadliest crash in Metro's history. Those whose lives we lost were a cross section of our Washington region. They never asked or expected to be memorialized together, but they were brought together in tragedy. Together we can say their names:  Mary Doolittle, 59 years old, of Washington, D.C.;  Ana Fernandez, 40 years old, of Hyattsville, Maryland, my district;  Dennis Hawkins, 64 years old, of Washington, D.C.;  LaVonda ``Nikki'' King, 23 years old, of Washington, D.C.;  Veronica Dubose, 29 years old, also of Washington, D.C.;  Cameron Williams, 36 years old, also of Washington;  Major General David F. Wherley Jr., 62 years old, and his wife Ann Wherley, 62 years old, both of Washington, D.C.;  And lastly, Jeanice McMillan, 42 years old, of Springfield, Virginia. Ms. Norton mentioned her activity and the professionalism with which she carried out her duties. It is clear that what happened was a computer failure or a line failure, some failure which was supposed to automatically notify the train that was moving that there was a train stopped in front of it. That mechanism failed. Today nine families are incomplete. There are nine fresh wounds that will be very slow in healing. Nothing, of course, can reverse those deaths; but we must learn from them, and we must act to prevent such tragedies in the future. On a practical level, we must ensure that funding is sufficient to accomplish that objective. On a personal level, we can choose to take from this the reminder of the fragility and uncertainty of our own lives and to act on that knowledge every day.  On June 22 we lost nine irreplaceable men and women. May we honor their memories by acting to prevent a future tragedy and by instilling confidence in the safety of America's subway.  