 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for bringing this bill to the floor in a timely fashion. I'm pleased that we're going to pass this bill, we're going to send it to the President, and he's going to sign it.  Atul Gawande, a surgeon and writer on health care policy, recently described our medical system like this:``American health care is an appallingly patched-together ship, with . . . fifteen percent of the passengers thrown over the rails just to keep it afloat.''  If you can afford health care in America, there is no better place in the world to get sick. You will be treated to the best hospitals by the most skilled doctors with the latest technology. However, if you're one of the Americans thrown overboard, if you're one of the 45 million uninsured Americans for whom even a checkup is a luxury, you might be better off in some other places in the world. Every other developed nation has figured out how to cover all of its citizens. Every one but ours.  We're here today to start fixing that. Actually, we've been fixing that in a number of ways--Medicaid, Medicare, other programs that we've adopted--to patch the holes, however, that still exist in the leaking ship to make it into a vessel capable of carrying every passenger, every American.  We can't patch every hole today, but if I could pick just one leak to stop, it would be the hold where we keep our sick children. If you asked me for the most efficient use of a single health care dollar, I would put it towards covering more children.  I don't say that out of a misplaced sentimentality; I say it because it's well-established that childhood is the most medically pivotal time of life. A child who lives through the first years without a doctor's care, without regular checkups, without immunizations, and without booster shots is in for a lifetime of health danger. That child will live sicker and die sooner. In adulthood, he or she will be a less productive worker. And in old age, he or she will help swell the costs of our entitlement programs.  That is the logic behind the final passage of this bill, which brings into the State Children's Health Insurance Program, as has been said already, four million children who are eligible but not yet enrolled.  Very frankly, as a result of the veto of the legislation we passed in the last Congress, four million children went to bed last night with their parents worried if they got sick, what were they going to do, with the alternative being the emergency room: the most expensive, and in some cases least efficient, intervention in the health care system in our country.  It does what President Bush promised to do when he ran for re-election in 2004 accepting the Republican nomination. As I've said before, President Bush said this, ``In a new term''--that meant the 2005 to the 2009 term that just expired--``In a new term, we will lead an aggressive effort to enroll millions of poor children who are eligible but not signed up for government health insurance programs.''  Those millions of children of which President Bush spoke will be added by this bill. President Bush failed to deliver on his promise, but today, we will redeem that commitment. Today, the objective of years of work will be substantially advanced.  With this vote, and with President Obama's immediate signature, this bill will at long last be law.  Backed by overwhelming majorities of Americans, we can pass this bill and help raise a healthier generation of Americans. That's good for our country, it's good for our economy, and it's good for the international community.  And in this recession, we can lend some vital assistance to the millions of family budgets that are stretched, literally stretched, to the breaking point and the point of letting the health care of our children be further at risk.  Madam Speaker, renewing American health care, bringing the best care in the world, which we have right here--as Dr. Gingrey knows, we have right here--bringing it to all of our people is a hugely complex job. That work, of course, does not end today, as Chairman Waxman would emphasize. But this important inclusion of more than four million of our children and the guarantee of access to health care is a victory for America's values and its health care future.  I urge my colleagues, each and every one of us, to vote for this legislation, vote for our children, vote for our families, vote for a healthier America.  