 I did say we were going to try to give 48 hours. I may have said we were going to give 48 hours, but we did not give 48 hours, the gentleman is correct. The gentleman probably knows the reason we didn't give 48 hours is because we hadn't gotten a CBO scoring, so we were unable to finalize the bill until we got that scoring. We did give approximately 24 hours.  But I say to the gentleman, with all due respect, yes, it was a lengthy bill, but of course the bill had been passed almost in exactly the same form either in the CHAMP bill or in the SCHIP bill itself, so that clearly the overwhelming majority of the text of the bill and the provisions of the bill have been available essentially for over a year.  But having said that, I want you to know and I want to reiterate my intention to give the maximum amount of notice; 48 hours I think is clearly a target that we want to set. I don't want to make a commitment that we will not bring a bill without 48 hours notice. The gentleman, if you would confer with your predecessor--his predecessors, I would say--sometimes it's very difficult to do that.  But the gentleman is absolutely correct, not only new Members, but all Members are certainly entitled to have the respect for their view and their opportunity to represent their constituents, to have appropriate notice, and we will certainly strive for that. I've reiterated to the committee Chairs and to our leadership that I want to follow regular order to the extent possible. And when I say the extent possible, we're in extraordinary times. This did not necessarily relate to the SCHIP bill, other than we had clearly considered that twice, had it voted upon numerous times in this House, and the overwhelming majority, I don't know the percentage, but I would say 95 percent of the bill was exactly as we had passed it in either the CHAMP bill or the SCHIP bill. But I am aware of the gentleman's concerns, and I want to tell him I share his concerns, and we will be working toward the end that he seeks to achieve.  