 Mr. Speaker, Members of the House, I have risen before to note how well this country is served by those who work for this institution and with all of us. They are not elected; they are selected. They are selected by those of us who have been given the honor and privilege of serving in this body. They are, however, equally important. They don't have a vote, but they have extraordinary influence, and their influence in many respects is in direct relation to the substance of their advice and counsel.  By that yardstick, I think there is no staff person with whom I have worked through the years that surpasses Mike Sheehy in terms of the value added to the considerations of the critical issues that confront our country.  In particular, Mr. Sheehy has been involved in some of the information most vital to protecting our people and our Nation. He has done so with great intellect, with great integrity, with great insight, with great thoughtfulness.  Mike, America does not know the name Mike Sheehy, doesn't see you on C-SPAN, but they have been extraordinarily well-served by you. Well, they may have seen him from time to time perhaps on C-SPAN. But they have been extraordinarily well-served by you. Your country has been well-served by you in the Navy and in this institution, and each and every one of us have been well-served by you. But in particular I know, as I said as we were walking to the Chamber, the Speaker of our House will uniquely miss your quiet presence, your extraordinarily good advice and counsel, and your steady hand.  Mr. Speaker, I express my gratitude to Michael Sheehy, a true public servant of the finest caliber--who leaves us at the end of the week.  Mike has spent 30 years on Capitol Hill, following five years in the Navy. That makes a grand total of 35 years in public service to the people of this great Nation.  I have known Mike personally for several years. He is a studied and cautious professional, with extremely sound judgment and an almost unparalleled depth of policy knowledge on national security issues.  Most recently, I had the pleasure of working with Mike on renewing the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. Mike proved critical to the arduous negotiations, and went above the call of duty--spending several late nights with me, in my office, poring over bill text.  He has been an asset and a loyal friend to me and my staff, certainly to Speaker Pelosi, and to the Members he served before her. He is irreplaceable and will be missed tremendously, although we wish him well in all that lies ahead.  Godspeed. Good luck. Well done.  