Chair, I rise to support this Labor-HHS-Education Appropriations bill, and particularly to call attention to a program that is close to my heart and vital for so many communities: full-service community schools. Full-service community schools are public schools that do much more than educate: they coordinate a wide range of social service programs for students and families, in partnerships with community organizations and the private sector. They provide students, families, and neighborhoods a seamless web of academic, health, and personal development services, all of which combine to expand opportunity in the communities that need it most. Full-service community schools can offer everything from health and dental care, to mental health counseling, to career advice, to literacy programs, to adult classes, to nutrition education. These schools quickly become the center of their communities, staying open longafter school hours and on the weekends, as well.  Over the last decade, research has consistently shown that full-service community schools mean better outcomes in student achievement, attendance rates, student discipline, parental involvement, and access to preventive health services. That's why they're supported by so many education professionals, including the National Education Association, the American Federation of Teachers, the Coalition for Community Schools, and the National Association of State Boards of Education.  My late wife, Judy Hoyer, introduced me to full-service community schools. She was an early childhood educator, and at the Early Childhood and Family Learning Center in Adelphi, Maryland, she helped bring to life an innovative vision for education and community services, working together. Today, thousands of Maryland children benefit from the ``Judy Centers'' that operate across the state.  But full-service community schools can succeed in any state. That's why I'm glad that this legislation provides $10 million to fund grants that will help local education agencies work with community organizations and implement the community schools model. I believe that the result will be healthier and more successful students, more involved parents, and stronger communities.  I urge my colleagues to support this appropriations bill.  