 The gentleman articulates a number of premises that I reject, I don't agree with. Nobody is putting anything on the back of the troops. The gentleman has been in this body for some period of time, and he knows that from time to time the other body adds amendments to bills and it is incumbent upon us to consider those amendments. As the gentleman knows, when we passed the bill through the House, it did not have the IMF funding in the bill. The Senate added it to the bill. It was a subject of the conference report. The President of the United States has asked for the IMF funding. We happen to agree with the President of the United States that the IMF funding is appropriate funding and does, in fact, as I will restate for the gentleman, we believe, add a security component to the troop funding that is the primary purpose of this bill.  Secondly, I reject your premise that somehow this money is going to go to people who are going to harm us. In fact, of course, as I told you last week, the last time Iran, which you mentioned, received money was when Ronald Reagan was President of the United States in 1984. There is no expectation, in my opinion, that Iran, while it may be eligible technically, is going to get any money, as it has not for the last quarter of a century.  I would reiterate what I said last week in quoting Ronald Reagan, no individual who wanted to give aid and comfort to the enemy. Very forthright in his confrontation of communism and despotism. He said, ``I have an unbreakable commitment to increase funding for the IMF.'' As I cited to you, he said that on September 7, 1983. He went on to say, ``The IMF is the linchpin of the international financial system.''  The gentleman and his side of the aisle continue, in my opinion, to misrepresent what is intended by that funding. The President of the United States, whether it was Ronald Reagan, George Bush the First, George Bush the Second, or any other President, that goes to an international meeting with 19 of the other large industrial nations in the world and they sit down together and attempt to try to bring the global economy back to vibrancy and agree that, in part, what is needed is some assistance to the poorest nations in this world who are themselves being dragged down and, in the process, adversely affecting the global markets generally agree to make a substantial commitment of loan guarantees available. As the gentleman knows, the United States has about a 20 percent vote on this, and this is about a 20 percent contribution that the President has agreed to. The other 19 nations agreed to come up with 80 percent of these dollars. All of them agreed that this is in the best interest of restoring our global economy and, I suggest to you as well, stabilizing the security situation that confronts the international community.  President Bush said--and this is the last quote I'll give. You may be tired of hearing these quotes, but your side of the aisle has been making a great hue and cry as if IMF is some specious, dangerous pursuit. This is not a bailout. This is an assistance to people to try to grow back and be positive, contributing members of the international global marketplace.  George Bush said this: ``The IMF and World Bank, given their central role in the world economy, are key to helping all of us through this situation by providing a combination of policy advice and financial assistance.'' George Bush said that on September 25, 1990, a time of economic stress internationally for the same reason that President Obama and the 19 other industrialized nations of the world agreed that this was an appropriate step to take.  I would hope the gentleman would urge his party to support this, consistent with the principles of Ronald Reagan and George Bush.  