 First of all, let me say I don't know where he gets 2 weeks. The Ways and Means Committee was in discussion. You may mean formal hearings on the bill. But we have had 80 hearings in the committees over the last 24 months on health care reform, so it was an extensive part of the debate of every candidate for President over the course of 2008, and, frankly, prior to 2008.  This bill and many of its facets have been considered extensively, many of which were in plans presented by Presidential candidates on both sides of the aisle, Democrat and Republican. And clearly the President of the United States talked extensively about his ideas and where he wanted to go on health reform, and much of what he said and proposed was included in the bills that have been acted upon and I think reflect his views as well as the views of many people not only in this body but throughout the country.  So, from that standpoint, we believe this has gotten very extensive consideration. I think it is unprecedented. We had over 1,000 town meetings on our side. I know you had a number of town meetings on your side. I am not sure of the number. But literally I think thousands and thousands of Americans had an opportunity to participate and are continuing to participate in the discussion of the specifics of this bill.  So we think it has gotten very widespread and very thorough consideration. Given that consideration, there are still differences that we are working on.  Mr. McCARTHY of California. Reclaiming my time, just referring back, what I said was when the Clinton administration did health care, on Ways and Means they debated for 7 weeks, taking the bill up itself. When we did it this time, it was 48 hours of presenting the bill, the amendments, and being voted out of committee.  Knowing the call to the American public about transparency, and we all heard that during the month of August, would the gentleman allow, before any bill comes to the floor--and I guess the bill would be H.R. 3200, from what I am hearing the gentleman say. I know it is in committee, but when you get to that final version----  