The $80 million that was requested was not included in the House; was not included in the Senate; it's still not included. The bill prohibits current detainees from being released in the continental United States, Alaska, Hawaii or D.C., as the gentleman knows. It prohibits current detainees from being transferred to the current United States, Alaska, Hawaii or D.C., except to be prosecuted and only after Congress receives a plan detailing: risks involved and a plan for mitigating such risk; cost of the transfer; legal rationale and court demands; and a copy of the notification provided to the Governor of the receiving State 14 days before a transfer with a certification by the Attorney General that the individual poses little or no security risk.  In addition, the bill provides current detainees cannot be transferred or released to another country unless the President submits to Congress 15 days prior to such transfer: the name of the individual and the country the individual will be transferred to; an assessment of risks posed and actions taken to mitigate such risks; and the terms of the transfer agreement with the other country, including any financial assistance.  Lastly, it requires the President to submit a report to Congress describing the disposition of each current detainee before the facility can be closed.  But let me say in the final analysis, many Republicans, including the former Secretary of State, Colin Powell, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, adviser to a number of Republican Presidents, said on a news program almost a year ago now that he believed that Guantanamo ought to be closed; he believed it should have been closed yesterday when he was speaking. That was a year ago. The President of the United States has indicated he thinks Guantanamo ought to be closed. There is disagreement on that. I understand that. But if it's going to be closed, a plan has to be effected for the purpose of dealing with those who are at Guantanamo, and the President is working on such a plan. The Congress in both bodies made a determination until we have such plan, we're not going to take action to facilitate that. That's what I think the conference agreement sets forth, and I think it sets forth protections that can give the American people a confidence level.  Let me say something additional to the gentleman. I'm older than the gentleman. When I was a child, approximately 4 or 5 years of age, I was living in Mexia, Texas. My father, born in Denmark, served in the U.S. Army. He was in his forties and wasn't sent overseas. He was the finance officer at a POW camp in Mexia, Texas. Mexia, Texas is a town of about 7,500 people--apparently then and now. I asked somebody about it just recently. There were 4,000 Nazi troops in a POW camp in Mexia, Texas. They were kept there. They were not necessarily terrorists. We need to take special precautions.  But in the pursuance of the policies enunciated by the President of the United States when he ran for office, when he was substantially elected by the American people, he told them exactly what he thought ought to be done. He is pursuing what he said to the American people he would do. He is doing it in my opinion in a thoughtful way that will protect the American public and will bring to justice those who have committed international crimes. I think that is something that we are trying to work through.  I want to reiterate. The gentleman has now mentioned so many times that we have allowed the funding of the troops to get caught up with other issues. Surely the gentleman, I know, does not mean, because he's been here long enough to know, that when the House and the Senate and the Presidency were in the hands of his party, the funding of the troops got tied up from time to time with other issues. That's the nature of the legislative process. But I'm hopeful that the gentleman, because he's so focused on getting this money to the troops quickly, will urge all of his colleagues on Tuesday to join with us in voting to fund the troops.  