Speaker, just 2 days ago--and I know one of the Members said can we do this after votes--but some people, like Mike Sheehy we talked about the other day, have put in extraordinary weeks and months and years serving this institution and every one of us. They make this institution run in a way that accommodates not only the contention but the compromise and the action. They do so as well with a spirit that makes this a better place in which to work. As surely as each of us who are elected, they serve our country and serve it well.  I have particular honor to rise on behalf of all of us, not just the majority party. I will yield to my friend, the minority leader, the Republican leader in just a minute, but I am particularly pleased to rise because this particular person lives in my district. I've known her for a long period of time.  She has served the House of Representatives for 32 years. She must have started at 9 or 10 years of age, I think. She is the retiring clerk to the Parliamentarian. She will retire tomorrow. It will be her last day. All of you have seen her, if you don't know her. If you've seen her and talked to her, you know that she is a warm and gracious person who greets all of us of whatever party, whether we're first-year Members or, in my case, a 29th-year Member.  She will be retiring tomorrow. She lives in Upper Marlboro, and she graduated from Frederick Douglass High School, which is in my county and the county represented by my colleagues Donna Edwards and Chris Van Hollen.  She started working in the House of Representatives in 1977 as an official reporter where she worked until 1986. She began working for the Office of the Parliamentarian in 1987 and has worked there for 22 years.  The Office of the Parliamentarian is an absolutely critical office, nonpartisan, knowledgeable, focused on assuring that the business of the American people is done in a way that reflects fairness and reflects well on theHouse as an institution. And each and every one of those who work with our Parliamentarian, John Sullivan, make it a better service organization, not just for the House of Representatives but, as I said, for the American people.  Before I close, I want to yield to my friend, the Republican leader, John Boehner of Ohio.  