 We have one option here because the government will shut down tomorrow by action of this Congress. And so our alternative is to keep the government operating, to defend our people in many ways, continue health care in many ways, to make sure that the services that are needed and available for our citizens remain so.  The Senate has already deemed the gentleman from Wisconsin's motion to be passed. Why? Because they've gone home. They're not here.  I urge every Member to reject this motion to recommit. Why? Because it will be objected to by at least one Senator, and therefore, the government will shut down.  Pending before the Senate is an appropriation bill passed by this House to fund government and to apply the resources of our country to our country's priorities. The gentleman from California knows that we had to do that numerous times under his chairmanship. Sometimes we passed those bills in January, sometimes we passed them in February, having a very large number of bills because the regular order was not effected within the time frame set forth. He did not like that. I did not like it. We don't like it as a process. None of us like this process, and hopefully we will have the cooperation of both sides so that it is not affected again.  But we have pending in the Senate a bill, the omnibus bill, and let me read to you the quote of the Republican leader of the United States Senate:  ``If we want to do a bill immediately, again, my recommendation is the omnibus appropriations bill.'' Hear me. This is Senator Mitch McConnell, the Republican leader.  ``These were nine bills that were not passed by October when they should have been passed.'' I agree with that.  ``They are ready to go,'' he said. ``They've already been vetted by both sides,'' he said, ``would pass on an overwhelming, bipartisan basis,'' he said, ``and much of that spending, George''--he was speaking to George Stephanopoulos--``would be on things similar to what the President may be asking for in that package.''  He was accurate then; he's accurate now. But unfortunately, the Senate did not effect the passage of this bill in a timely fashion, although they have had it for a significant period of time.  And so the chairman of the Appropriations Committee is confronted with but one option because the option that is offered on the other side will not receive unanimous consent. And the Senate, as I said before, has gone home.  And so I say to all of my colleagues on our side of the aisle, we need to pass this motion, and we need to reject the motion to recommit. And responsibly, there is not another option.  So I ask all, on both sides of the aisle, to give us the opportunity to move forward, to keep the government open, and to continue the debate that the Senate apparently wants to continue to have. The minority does not have the votes in the Senate to do what they want to do. The majority will vote for the omnibus appropriations bill. This is not a question of whether the majority of the Senate is for it, it's a question of whether the minority will stop its passage.  We can be here Saturday and Sunday and Monday and heaven knows how long, but it will not change the fact that confronts us.  Reject this motion to recommit that will not be approved by the Senate, pass the short-term continuing resolution proposed by the chairman, and let us come back next week and work the will of this House and the Senate.  