 It certainly would be our intent to proceed with an open rule on the consideration of the Commerce, Justice and State bill--I guess it's Science now. The intent, of course, as the gentleman knows based upon our discussions, is that we will finish all 12 appropriation bills individually between now and the 30th of July. This will give the Senate and the House the opportunity to agree on a conference report on the 12 appropriation bills and hopefully enact those bills and send them to the President prior to the onset of the fiscal year October 1. If we do that, of course, it will be unusual, and it is an ambitious schedule. But because of that, it will be necessary for us to consider these bills in an effective, but also efficient, fashion and stay within time constraints that will allow us to accomplish those 12 bills within that time frame. I am hopeful that as Mr. Obey and Mr. Lewis proceed and the subcommittee Chairs proceed, that we can agree on that occurring.  As the gentleman and I have discussed, we will see how the first bill goes, or the second or third, and hopefully they will go in that fashion. The only constraint that we want is to utilize the time so we can effect the objective of passing these bills by the August break so we will have time to finish them before the beginning of the fiscal year.  I would tell my friend that, in addition to that, there would be one, however, additional request that the chairman of the Appropriations Committee has made--with which I strongly agree and that I think is fair to all the Members and to the committee Chairs and subcommittee Chairs--and that is that there will be a requirement for preprinting an amendment. There will be no selection in the CJS bill of amendments, but there will be a requirement that they be preprinted and included in the Record.  If, however, I want to assure the gentleman, there is some problem with the Record reflecting an amendment that has been prefiled but doesn't make it in the Record, we would proceed as if that had been included in the printed Record.  