Gordon), who does such an extraordinary job of leading the committee. I thank Mr. Smith for his leadership. I also want to thank David Wu, the chairman of the subcommittee, for his leadership. All of them have joined together to get this bill to the floor. And I would be remiss if I did not acknowledge their contribution, because this bill, the genesis of it, was really with Mr. Pascrell of New Jersey, who worked so many years ago to work with the Senate in generating this idea so that it came back to the House, but he was the godfather, if you will, of this piece of legislation. I want to acknowledge his presence here and thank him for his leadership. And I certainly want to thank Mr. Mitchell, Congressman Mitchell, who has been so critical in getting this bill to this point in time. He is an extraordinarily able Member of the Congress, and the firefighters throughout our country I know are appreciative of his efforts on this bill.  Every day, Mr. Chairman, we and our families live under the blanket of protection provided by America's firefighters, both career and volunteer, men and women who are willing to risk their lives to safeguard us, our loved ones, and our property. We may not often think about those sacrifices but every firefighter does.  Last year, more than 100 of them died in the line of duty, and tens of thousands more sustained injuries. To honor those sacrifices and to make our communities safer places to live, Congress has worked to become a partner with the fire departments across the Nation. Today we can reaffirm that commitment by reauthorizing two successful grant programs for firefighters: FIRE and SAFER.  I also want to mention a former fire chief from Pennsylvania who was also critically important in working on this legislation. He's no longer a Member of this body, Curt Weldon, a Member of the other side of the aisle. He and I cochaired the Fire Service Caucus for over 15 years. His leadership was critical in moving us towards the partnership of which I have just spoken between the Congress and the emergency responders throughout our country, career and volunteer.  This bill reauthorizes both programs through fiscal year 2014, pledging a total of $2.2 billion per year to our firefighters. The FIRE grant program authorizes $1 billion per year for state-of-the-art fire equipment, up-to-date training, and fire prevention programs. These competitive grants will benefit career, volunteer, and combination fire departments throughout the country. I know the chairman and subcommittee Chair have already spoken of what it will do, but I wanted to add as well State training academies and volunteer EMS departments, so critical to our emergency response strategies and team.  The SAFER grant program ensures that our community firehouses never have to sit empty: Its $1.2 billion per year will ensure 24-hour staffing at eligible departments so that there are always firefighters on duty in case of emergency. In fact, of course, it is the firefighters and emergency medical response teams that are usually the first on the scene at almost any disaster. It is therefore critical that they be available during a 24-hour, 7-day-a-week schedule. It also commits money each year to help volunteer departments recruit and retain new members.  Since FIRE's inception in 2000 and SAFER's in 2004, these programs have won support from Democrats and Republicans alike. This is truly a bipartisan effort on behalf of our communities. Our respect for firefighters and our commitment to get them the tools and training they need has transcended party lines, as it should have, and I hope today it will be no different and I know it will be no different.  I want to commend my colleagues Harry Mitchell and Bill Pascrell, as I said, the father of the FIRE grants program, for their leadership on this issue, as well as Chairman Gordon and Chairman Wu and my fellow Fire Caucus co-Chairs Peter King, Rob Andrews, and Jo Ann Emerson.  I urge all of my colleagues to vote to reauthorize these grants and carry forward this successful and vital partnership.  