You got the bills on your desk, and the amendments were either highlighted or in italics or underlined, depending upon what the stage of consideration of the bills was so that Members could well have read the bills before they got there weeks ahead of time and then see what amendments are made in the bills as it went through second reader and third reader. We have that here, but it's not as transparent a process because it's a much more quick process as we go from the second to third reader.  The fact is that I think, as I said, Members and the public have now got the draft of the bill, as introduced. The gentleman referenced that the Ways and Means Committee, a committee on which he serves, completed its work I think about 2 a.m. this morning. Education and Labor completed its work at 6 a.m. this morning. Energy and Commerce, which has a greater portion of the bill, will probably complete its portion of the markup, we hope, on Wednesday of next week. They'll be marking it up on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. We expect there to be a substantial number of amendments offered. I don't know how many will be adopted or what changes will be made to the bill.  The point I want to make, therefore, is that when we say that this bill, however many pages it is, 500, 1,000, 1,500 pages, however long it is, essentially most of that bill is ready for review as we speak. There will be changes. There will be amendments as the process goes forward. But the public really ought to have an understanding, as I'm sure you would want them to have, that the bill is largely on the table now so that what you're really going to be giving notice of is amendments as they occur, which are much shorter and will be able to be read much more quickly.  Now having said that, the gentleman mentioned 72 hours. I certainly have indicated that we're going to have it in place, as a final draft, 48 hours in place. That's our intent. That's what I intend to do. That's why the committees have worked so hard this week and why the Energy and Commerce Committee is going to be working so hard and is hoping to complete its work by Wednesday so that we will not be considering the bill itself until at least a week after that. So my expectation is that there will be substantial time available for review of the bill.  