I thank Mr. Platts for his leadership on this bill, and I thank Buck McKeon, the ranking Republican who leads this committee for his party. I want to say this is a perfect example of when we can work in a bipartisan way, we do work in a bipartisan way.  Mr. Chairman, in my view what has angered so many people about this recession is the perception that its causes are not simply material, not simply financial, but in many ways moral. Ask most Americans what got us to this point, and I doubt the first words they will reach for will be ``credit default swaps'' or ``troubled assets'' or ``overleveraging.'' They will turn, I think, to older ideas--greed, recklessness, self-dealing and profit-taking. In sum, they will think there is a moral deficiency.  It follows that our economy and our recovery will not be whole if it only encompasses renewed balance sheets or consumer demand. What is also required is a renewed public spirit. Government cannot create that spirit. We would be fools to think it could. But it can recognize it, applaud it and give avenues for its manifestation. We can coordinate it and give it productive outlets. That is exactly what this bill does.  I want to congratulate the President of the United States, Barack Obama, for his leadership, and Michelle Obama for working so avidly on behalf of public service and a renewed spirit of giving to our country. Our President has not just talked about that, he has lived a life of service. I said with Chairman Miller at a press conference just a few hours ago that Barack Obama graduated from one of the best law schools in this country. He was editor of the Law Review. He had one of the keenest minds in his class, indeed in the country. He could have made literally millions of dollars practicing law representing the most powerful interests of our country. He choose not to do that. He went to Chicago, his hometown, and he spent his time reaching out to those who needed help, those who didn't have power and those who did not have economic might, to assist them in making their lives better and their communities better.  That is what this bill does. So the principal spokesperson for this bill, President Obama, has lived it, not just talked it. We are blessed with a young generation remarkably committed to public service. This bill gives them the outlets and the opportunities to contribute to our recovery.  Mr. Chairman, I would also say there are a whole lot of seniors who have retired from their careers but don't want to retire from life, don't want to retire from their communities and don't want to retire from continuing to give service to their fellow men and women. This bill strengthens the bond between service and education by helping volunteers pay for college. It focuses volunteer efforts on our most pressing needs, including rebuilding our infrastructure and retooling our economy for clean energy and expands opportunity for volunteers of all ages, from middle schoolers to baby boomers.  In sum, this bill represents the greatest expansion in national service since the days of John F. Kennedy. He asked us to not ask what the country could do for us, but what we could do for our country. In fact, that is what our faiths ask us as well, for all of our faiths have a central theme: love God and love God's children as well. And we love God's children by giving them a hand up and helping to serve with them in making their lives better.  These new ranks of volunteers will be making tangible contributions that benefit all of us. According to House testimony from Time Magazines's managing editor, Richard Stengel, and I quote, 61 million Americans volunteered in their communities in 2007, giving more than 8 billion hours--that is billion--8 billion hours of community service worth more than $158 billion to America's communities.  In my community, we have volunteer fire companies in the southern part of my district. The cost of providing fire service in St. Mary's, Calvert and Charles Counties would be a lot higher if it weren't for the literally tens of thousands of hours volunteered by citizens who care about their communities and care about keeping us safe when fire occurs.  He continued:  ``A cost-benefit analysis of AmeriCorps programs has concluded that every $1 that we invest in AmeriCorps results in $1.50 to $3.90 of direct measurable benefits to the community.''  Wouldn't it be wonderful if all of our businesses had been as successful? We wouldn't be in the pickle we are in.  Those are the material rewards of this bill. But, Mr. Chairman, I think we all know that the rewards we can't measure are far greater. They are the virtues of community and self-sacrifice, of responsibility and teamwork, of a better country and a better community. John Lewis talks about the beloved community. This bill seeks to serve the beloved community.  I urge its adoption. I thank Mr. Miller for his leadership, I thank the Speaker for her pressing us to consider this early, and I thank Mr. Platts and Mr. McKeon for their leadership and work on this bill as well.  