As a matter of fact, I introduced the bill. Mr. Hill was a sponsor, along with a number of others. Your colleague from Virginia (Mr. Scott) was a cosponsor of that bill, Mr. Miller from California was a cosponsor of that bill and Mr. Welch from Vermont was also a cosponsor. So it is a pretty broad spectrum of our membership, indicating that there is a real commitment to paying as you go. We believe that's an important principle.  As I'm sure the gentleman knows, PAYGO was first adopted in 1990 as a result of a conference that was held out at Andrews Air Force Base. Mr. Darman was representing President Bush. He was then the head of OMB, and there was a bipartisan agreement to adopt the statutory PAYGO. In fact, we did that. In 1997 Mr. Gingrich and Mr. Clinton entered into an agreement on statutory PAYGO that we passed in a bipartisan way in 1997. When it was to be reauthorized in 2002 and 2003, it was allowed to lapse. I think that was unfortunate. My premise is it was allowed to lapse because making the tax cuts that you wanted to propose in '03; and indeed in '01--you waived it in '01--would have been impossible, from your perspective, to pay for those cuts. So statutory PAYGO did not apply over the last 6 years. I think that, to some degree, has led us to the deficits.  Of course in the last administration Vice President Cheney made the observation that Ronald Reagan had taught us that deficits don't matter. I think the Vice President's observation was certainly not right in terms of that Ronald Reagan taught us that deficits don't matter; but Ronald Reagan certainly taught us that deficits add up and create large debt. As you know I like to say so often, we went from a $5.6 trillion surplus in January of 2001, which President Bush observed was the estimate in March of '01, to what is now an $11 trillion debt. Unfortunately because of the status of the economy, we've added to that. I believe, and I think my colleagues believe, that this is a critical problem that we have to address. And I know you agree with that as well. We believe that this is one way to do so. It was helpful in 1990 when it was adopted in a bipartisan way. It was helpful in 1997 when it was adopted in a bipartisan way. I am very hopeful that it can be adopted in a bipartisan way this coming week.  