 Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to be offering this amendment, along with its cosponsor, the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Longley]. The amendment is very simple. It transfers $11.764 million from the Naval Petroleum Reserve into the Low Income Weatherization Assistance Program. Last year the weatherization program was hit very hard and was slashed almost in half. Now this bill recommends an additional 10 percent cut on top of last year's decimating cut. Please join us in sending a message that the proposed cut is just too deep.  This is a compromise amendment. The administration requested an increase of funding to $150 million. The committee recommends $100 million. This amendment puts it at about $112 million. The amendment is supported by a broad and varied coalition, the American Public Power Association, U.S. PIRG, the Environmental Defense Fund, and the National Community Action Foundation.  Weatherization funds save money. That is the important point to make. It is a very cost-effective program. Weatherization funds help pay for updating decrepit heating and cooling systems. identifying deadly carbon monoxide leaks and faulty fuel systems, insulating drafty homes, and educating homeowners on energy efficiency. Weatherization funds save money. It is a good, cost-effective investment.   Mr. Chairman, virtually every State in the Nation benefits from the weatherization program. Colder States like Vermont, Maine, and Wisconsin, where the weather gets 20 below zero, we save money and help our people; and warmer States like Louisiana and California and every place else in between also save money through the weatherization program.   Mr. Chairman, I am seriously concerned about the magnitude of cuts to low-income energy assistance. LIHEAP and weatherization have both been under attack. The sad fact is that many hard-working, low-income families and the elderly, many, many elderly people, utilize these programs very effectively. Many of these people simply cannot afford to pay their energy bills and certainly cannot afford to pay for insulation or the needed repairs on their homes. These funds are particularly important to the elderly, whose more fragile health often cannot tolerate extreme temperature changes.  Let me say a few words about the Naval Petroleum Reserve. The NPR's operating funds go to running three oil fields which are jointly operated by the Government and Chevron. The productivity of these fields has been steadily declining since its peak in 1976. The President earmarked the NPR for sale in fiscal year 1997, indicating, ``Producing oil and gas is a commercial, not a governmental activity, which is more appropriately performed by the private sector.''  That is something that many of my friends on the other side I am sure agree with. Congress apparently agreed, because it passed legislation authorizing the sale of NPR by 1998. The budget resolution that we recently passed recommends that the sale occur as soon as possible.   Mr. Chairman, this is a very important amendment. There are millions of people in this country who simply do not have the resources to keep warm in the wintertime. They need help. Taking the money from the NPR is a good way to do that.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  