 Speaker, the major crisis facing our country is that more and more we are becoming a low-wage society. During the last 20 years, the real wages of American workers have declined by 16 percent, and more tragically for our young workers, the new jobs that they are getting are paying even lower wages than was the case 15 years ago.  Mr. Speaker, what is also grossly unfair is that while the vast majority of the working people become poorer, the people on top become richer, and we now have by far the most unequal distribution of wealth and income in the industrialized world. If people work 40 hours a week, they should not live in poverty. A $4.25 minimum wage is a disgrace.  Let us have the courage to do the decent thing, the right thing. Let us raise the minimum wage now. Bring that legislation to the floor.  Mr. McINNIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I think it is very important. It amazes me how boldly some of the speakers we hear on that side of the aisle are talking about the working poor. Where were those kind of comments when they raised the taxes on all of the working people, not just the poor working people but the middle class and the upper, all of them?  Folks are going to be out there and are going to be paying. I do not know if any of you have been to the gas station lately, but the gas prices have really gone up. You can lay the credit of the additional taxes of 4 cents right at your feet. Most of the people that have spoken in opposition to me today voted to raise those taxes.  If you want to help the working poor of this country, if you want to help the working people of this country, quit raising taxes. Taxes are not the answer. Help us pass this rule so that we can reduce spending.  The President is ready to sign it. He is ready to reduce the spending by $23 billion. It has taken a lot of effort on our side to get that kind of compromise put together from the President. Join us. You want to help the working people, help us cut spending in Washington.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  