 Speaker, today Congress has the opportunity to put an end to the insidious practice of insurance companies sending moms and babes home before they are ready to go.  Hurried discharges after childbirth fly in the face of established medical practice, insult the precious institution of motherhood, and greatly increase the likelihood that newborn babies could suffer irreversible brain damage or require emergency medical care for illnesses within hours or days after discharge. These abbreviated stays also put mothers at risk.  Mothers and doctors are not seeking cadillac health care coverage, they are merely demanding similar coverage to that received by mothers and infants in every other industrialized nation on Earth.  Efforts by insurers to arbitrarily limit maternity stays for mothers and newborns should be of concern to all of us. Decisions on how long mothers and newborns should stay in the hospital should be made by doctors and patients together based upon medical and health care needs and not primarily by the short-term business predictions of shortsighted health insurance providers.  Mr. Speaker, the former CEO of U.S. Healthcare, Leonard Abramson, earned $20 million in a single year. Following the recent acquisition of U.S. Healthcare by Aetna, Mr. Abramson made a personal profit of approximately $1 billion. With an additional night in the hospital for a mother and her child costing between $700 to $1100, Mr. Abramson's take home pay and bonus could provide as many as 1,020,000 babies and their mothers an extra night in the hospital. To put it another way, one man's salary and bonus is enough to provide one-quarter of all the babies born in America and their moms an extra night in the hospital.  In August of 1995, the House of Representatives passed a resolution that I introduced which called upon the insurance industry as a whole to abide by the established discharge guidelines of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists an the American Academy of Pediatrics until there is clear and convincing evidence to demonstrate a need for a change in these guidelines. Unfortunately, the insurance industry has done nothing in response to congressional resolve on this matter, except organize opposition to such coverage.  Today Congress has the chance to require insurance companies to pay for appropriate maternity stays for mothers and their newborns by supporting the motion to instruct on the VA-HUD bill. I encourage my colleagues to support the motion to instruct and stand with American families.  