 Chairman, this amendment is simple. It is straightforward and, in fact, it should be supported by every Member of this House, especially those who are concerned about our national debt and the deficit situation.  This amendment is about honesty. It is about consistency, and it is about national priorities. It is about whether the Members of this body, many of whom have voted to cut programs which will be very negative, which will have a lot of pain, cause a lot of pain for some of the weakest and most vulnerable people in this country, programs for our kids, programs for our senior citizens, programs for our young people, whether the Members who have voted to cut those programs now have the courage to take on the very powerful intelligence community and to say that with a $5 trillion national debt, we should not be increasing funding for intelligence when we cut back on so many programs that tens of millions of Americans depend upon.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment cuts the intelligence budget by 10 percent from the level authorized for fiscal year 1996, and that is approximately a $3 billion cut.  Mr. Chairman, there are three basic reasons why this amendment should be supported.  First, major sections of the intelligence community are fiscally irresponsible and need to be held accountable for their hugely inaccurate reports to Congress and for their wasteful habits.  Second, like every other agency of Government, the intelligence community must bear its burden in balancing the budget. We cannot say to pregnant women, we do not have the funds to provide health insurance for you, we cannot say to senior citizens, we do not have the money to make sure you get your prescription drugs, we cannot say to young working-class families, we do not have the money to make sure that your kids can go to college, we do not have the money to adequately fund Medicaid or Medicare, but, yes, we have more than enough money to put into the intelligence agencies despite the fact that the cold war has ended.  Mr. Chairman, let me read for my colleagues an article that appeared in the May 16 New York Times. I am going to read this slowly, because I want the Members to appreciate what we are talking about today and why it is totally irresponsible for any Member to be talking about a 4.9 increase in funding.  Let me quote for the article: ``In a complete collapse of accountability, the government agency that builds spy satellites accumulated about $4 billion in uncounted secret money, nearly twice the amount previously reported to Congress, intelligence officials acknowledge today.''  Mr. Chairman, let us repeat what was in the New York Times so that every Member understands what this debate is about. I quote from the New York Times; ``In a complete collapse of accountability, the government agency that builds spy satellites accumulated about $4 billion in uncounted secret money, nearly twice the amount previously reported to Congress.''  Let me continue from the New York Times: ``The agency, the highly secretive national reconnaissance office, said last year that the surplus money totaled no more than about $1 billion. Congressional intelligence overseers in December said the amount was about $2 billion. They were misinformed. The secret agency was unaware until very recently exactly how much money it had accumulated in its classified compartments.''  Listen to this, to put the $4 billion in perspective, still quoting New York Times, ``what the national reconnaissance office did was to lose track of a sum roughly equal to the annual budgets for the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the State Department combined.''  