 Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, earlier today I introduced an amendment which would reduce intelligence spending by 10 percent. It received, I believe, 115 votes. Just a few minutes ago the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Frank] introduced an amendment that would freeze intelligence spending. It received 193 votes.  My sincere hope is that we can receive another 20 votes to pass the Schroeder amendment. I will tell my colleagues why. Month after month and day after day, Members from both sides of the aisle come here on the floor of the House, and they talk about the $5 trillion national debt. They talk about the deficit, and they talk abouthow important it is and how necessary it is to cut program after program after program. My friend from Washington a moment ago talked about his fear that we would be ``disciplining this agency.''  Mr. Chairman, by overspending on intelligence, by spending more money than we need for the National Reconnaissance Office, an agency that has misplaced, that has lost $4 billion of taxpayers' money, what we are doing is disciplining hungry children in America. We are disciplining families who would like Federal funding in order to send their kids to college. We are disciplining senior citizens who get by on $7,000 or $8,000 a year Social Security but do not have the help from the Federal Government to purchase prescription drugs.  We are disciplining tens of millions of people who would like some help from the Federal Government. But we are saying, not only can we not afford it, we are going to cut back on what we are currently providing because we think we need to spend this money on the intelligence agencies, despite the end of the cold war.  Mr. Chairman, I know that many Members in this body are terribly sincere, both sides of the aisle, terribly sincere about deficit reduction. I know that they have been reluctant and with pain have made cuts that they know are going to hurt millions of middle-class working class, low-income families. I beseech those same Members who have made those cuts that impact negatively on people who are hurting today to have the courage to stand up and say that, when we have an agency that has misplaced $4 billion, the very least we can do to protect our credibility is to say to that agency that we are going to level fund you.  The gentlewoman from Colorado [Mrs. Schroeder] did not say we are going to cut their funding in half. That is not what she said. She came forward with a very conservative amendment. Level fund an agency that has misplaced $4 billion. We need 20 votes more to finally say to the American people that we are serious about deficit reduction. Please support the Schroeder amendment.  