 Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, let me begin by thanking the Republican leadership here, because my understanding is that they will be accepting this amendment. In truth, this is a tripartisan amendment. It has support from the gentlewoman from New Jersey [Mrs. Roukema] and other Republicans, as well as many Democrats.  Mr. Chairman, many Members of Congress have criticized public housing and believe that Americans should be able to decide for themselves how best to spend their housing allowance. These critics should be supporters of the Section 8 program, but this laudable program is not reaching everyone that is eligible for assistance.  About 1.5 million people receive section 8 assistance, but close to that same amount are on the waiting list. In my home State of Vermont, the waiting list is over 3 years long. In some areas, applicants wait for more than 10 years.  Unfortunately, this bill contains a provision that would make these waiting periods even longer. I am talking about the major cuts in fees for administering the Section 8 program. If the bill had been in place for fiscal year 1996, housing authorities would have received, on average, 23 percent less to administer the tenant-based Section 8 program. Nationally, according to HUD, we are talking about a $182 million cut in section 8 administration.  In California alone, that cut amounts to almost $30 million; in New York, over $21 million; and in New Jersey, over $7 million. In my small State of Vermont, we would lose $318,000.  Mr. Chairman, the simple fact of the matter is that this cut goes far too deep. If we believe in section 8 housing, then we must allocate enough money for the program to be administered effectively. Otherwise, we are killing this program through a backdoor method and I do not think that that iswhat the majority of Members want to do.  There is widespread support for section 8, and I do not believe that anyone really wants to hurt it. This bill provides for a two-tier formula where public housing authorities get a fee based on 6.5 percent of fair market value for the first 600 units and 6 percent of fair market value for the rest.  Mr. Chairman, this is a huge cut from the fiscal year 1995 and fiscal year 1996, when fees were based on 8.2 percent of fair market value. HUD estimates that over 90 percent of the agencies that administer Section 8 housing will lose more than 15 percent of their administrative funds. On average, it will be an estimated 23-percent cut per agency.  Mr. Chairman, I am offering a compromise amendment that puts the fee level about halfway in between where the funds are today and where they would be under the provisions of the bill. The two-tiered formula would remain, but the 6 percent number would be raised to 7 percent and the 6.5 percent number would be raised to 7.65. It is a compromise between the 8.2 percent formula used today and the 6 and 6.5 percent levels recommended in the bill.  Mr. Chairman, I should point out that that is the formula recommended by HUD and HUD supports this amendment. The National Association of Housing and Redevelopment Officials are also strong supporters of this amendment.  Frankly, Mr. Chairman, many of us had believed that this amendment was going to be accepted as part of the manager's amendment and we were surprised that it was not. If it is adopted, fees would still be cut an estimated 10.5 percent. That is a big cut. That is a major cut. But it would not devastate the administration of the program as the proposed cuts do. This is a compromise position, and my hope is that it would be supported by all Members.  Mr. Chairman, let me conclude by stating that every State in the country is severely affected by the provisions stated in this bill. It provides for an estimated 23 percent cut in Section 8 administrative fees. That is much too high.  Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to please support the compromise position and vote ``yes.''  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  