 Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Smith] for his strong efforts and willingness to work with us on this very important amendment, and also point out that the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Minge], the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. DeFazio] and the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Neumann] are also cosponsors and working with us on this effort.  Mr. Chairman, let me begin by thanking the chairman, Mr. Young, and the ranking member, Mr. Murtha, and all the Members of the House for the support that they gave me last year for an amendment which I successfully offered, which stopped the disgrace of the Pentagon providing a $32-million bonus for the CEO's and board members of Martin-Marietta for their merger, and that is a merger which ended up laying off at least 19,000 American workers.  Well, if my colleagues think the $32 million was a waste of taxpayers' dollars, then they better listen up, because what the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Smith] and I are talking about today amounts to billions of dollars. Yes, the taxpayers are providing payoffs for layoffs. We are actually giving multibillion-dollar corporations huge amounts of money in order to merge their companies, stifle competition, and lay off American workers. This is an absurd policy, it is a disgraceful policy, it is the worst kind of corporate welfare, and it is a policy that we should end today.  Mr. Chairman, the Members who have come together to sponsor the Smith-Sanders amendment have different philosophical points of view, but we are in agreement that it is absurd that the U.S. Government is providing billions of dollars in taxpayer subsidies to huge profitable corporations so that they can merge and then lay off tens of thousands of American workers. That makes no sense to anyone.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment has widespread support. It is supported by the Taxpayers for Common Sense, the CATO Institute, the Project on Government Oversight, and also supported by Lawrence J. Korb, the former Under Secretary of Defense under President Reagan.  Mr. Chairman, there are a number of reasons why we should support this amendment. First, we have a $5-trillion national debt. We should not be providing billions of dollars in subsidies to large corporations to lay off American workers. Second of all, we have received almost no documentation from these companies as to what they are doing. What they are saying basically is, ``Don't worry, give us the money, trust us, we're going to save the government money.'' At the very least, we must have a clear outline of the net savings, and we want to know what savings will be effectuated.  Mr. Chairman, if we can believe this, the Pentagon has never submitted any of the annual reports required by law on this program, and the first report was scheduled to be due in November 1995. It has never been filed.  Mr. Chairman, in August 1995 the GAO began their own investigation inspite of the inaction of the Pentagon. The GAO's first and only report on the two companies that applied for and received these payments stated that, and I quote, the contractor's proposed savings were based entirely on work force reductions, end quote.  The GAO also found that in exchange for free taxpayer cash up front, the same companies--FMC Corp. and Harsco Corp. BMY--projected out-year savings fell 85 percent short of what they originally presented to DOD. Further, the GAO reported that only one hearing has ever been held on a policy the GAO has said could cost, quote, several billions of dollars. The GAO also reported that 32 contractors have already lined up and put in requests to receive merger subsidies. One hearing. Billions of dollars.  Third, Mr. Chairman, we can agree about the wisdom or lack of wisdom of industrial policy, but I think everybody here understands that it makes no sense for the government to get involved in the private sector so that we can lose American jobs. That is insane.  I would support industrial policy if it created decent-paying jobs. Some in this body would not support any industrial policy. The thing they must ask themselves is why is the government selecting certain very large corporations and saying to them, quote, the taxpayers are going to help your company engender certain efficiencies, end quote.  Essentially what the Pentagon is doing is saying to this company, ``We're going to help you, we're not going to help the other company.'' They are encouraging mergers. I think there is a lot to be discussed in terms of this whole issue.  Last, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that at a time when real wages in this country for working people are in decline, at a time when people are scared to death about whether or not they are going to have their decent paying jobs, they do not want to see their tax dollars going to large multibillion-dollar corporations so that these companies can then merge and lay off American workers.  