 Chairman, this is a very straightforward and modest amendment. In fact, it calls for far less money than many of the other amendments we have been discussing this evening.  It simply transfers $1.4 million from the HUD Secretary's office account for salaries and expenses to the Court of Veterans Appeals. In a colloquy on the House floor last year, the gentleman from California, Mr. Lewis, and I discussed this issue and he indicated a willingness to fight to restore $429,000 trimmed from the fiscal year 1996 appropriation requested by the Court of Veterans Appeals.  On the basis of that commitment last year, I did not offer an amendment to restore that cut. Unfortunately, for whatever reason, not only was that money not restored ultimately, but when all was said and done, after the budget showdown earlier this year, the appropriation for the Court of Veterans Appeals totaled $9 million, an 8.5-percent cut below the court's fiscal year 1996 request and a 4\1/2\-percent cut below the prior year' fiscal appropriation.  If my amendment is approved, it will cut just $1.4 million from the $962 million account available to the HUD Secretary for next year for salaries and expenses to make up for the shortfall in requested fiscal year 1996 funding and flatline the fiscal year 1997 funding for the court at the same level. It would also include $634,000 for the pro bono representation program as well.  Mr. Chairman, what we are talking about is a small appropriation, but it isan appropriation that would mean a lot to the veterans of America and especially low-income veterans. I would point out that my amendment is supported by the American Legion and by the Disabled American Veterans. Mr. Chairman, as you know, when a veteran is denied a claim from the VA, that veteran has the right to appeal and that appeal is heard before the Court of Veterans Appeals. Unfortunately, as a result of lack of funding, the Court of Veterans Appeals is unable to do all the things that it should be doing to protect the interest of low-income veterans. One of the very important functions of that court is to make sure that there are pro bono lawyers available to provide assistance for low-income veterans who do not have the funds to get their own lawyers so that they can make the strongest case that they can make. Now, it seems to me that while we all recognize serious financial problems that we have, we should not be cutting back programs for low-income veterans who might not have the right to appeal a claim which was adjudicated in a wrong way. I do not think those are the folks that we should be balancing the budget upon. Low-income veterans should have the right to make their case as strongly as they can.  This is once again a modest request. It is all of $1.4 million but it would mean a great deal to low-income veterans. It comes out of the HUD Secretary's account for salaries and expenses, and I would hope very much that the Members of the House would support this amendment.  