 Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, the $25 million that we are using for these purposes, in other words, deficit reduction and increasing PILT payments to local communities all over America, comes from the fossil energy research and development fund. According to the report of the fiscal year 1997 budget resolution, which passed the House, this is the Republican resolution, let me quote:       The Department of Energy has spent billions of dollars on      research and development since the oil crisis in 1973      triggered this activity. Returns on this investment have not      been cost effective, particularly for applied research and      development which industry has ample incentive to undertake.      Some of this activity is simply corporate welfare for the      oil, gas and utility industries. Much of it duplicates what      industry is already doing. Some has gone to fund technologies      in which the market has no interest.  That is not Bernie Sanders, that is the budget resolution of the Republican majority. Mr. Chairman, this amendment has much to do with honoring our commitment to local communities all over America, including 51 towns in the State of Vermont who are not receiving their fair share of PILT payments from the Federal Government.  We have heard a lot of talk in recent years about devolution, about giving responsibility back to local communities, about our respect for local government. If we respect local government, then we should not cheat them. We should provide the type of payments to which they are due.  As I mentioned earlier, right now the PILT payments come to about 60 to 70 percent of what has been authorized. We are asking, the gentlewoman from Idaho [Mrs. Chenoweth] and I are asking for $25 million. Of that, $15 million goes straight to deficit reduction, 10 million goes back to the local communities  Mr. Chairman, I would end simply by saying this. If all of the Members who agree with the philosophy of the gentlewoman from Idaho [Mrs. Chenoweth] would support it, all those who agree with my philosophy would support it, and all of those in-between would support it, we would end up with 435 votes and we would be very happy.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  