 President, this evening, both sides will have an opportunity to take the next step and begin debate on the fiscal year 2017 Defense appropriations bill.  President Obama's announcement yesterday about our troops in Afghanistan only underscores the Senate's need to take up and pass the Defense appropriations bill right now. Although I support a high level of force to train and equip the Afghan forces and conduct counterterrorism operations, the President's announcement reminds us of the need for this bill.  The President made a commitment to our allies, and Senate Democratsmust join us in meeting our commitment to the force. The training to prepare forces for deployment to Afghanistan, the weapons they will carry, the spare parts and fuel consumed in training, and operations and the ammunition needed to execute their missions, not to mention their basic pay, is funded through this bill.  Our all-volunteer force does not shrink from this commitment, and this Senate shouldn't fail our duty to provide for them. This funding is for current operations, for combat readiness, and for the commitment announced just yesterday by President Obama.  Last month, the Secretary of Defense made a long-term commitment, stating that ``the United States will remain the most powerful military and main underwriter of security in the [Asia Pacific] region for decades to come.'' He made that commitment knowing our allies and the Chinese were listening to analyze our Nation's intentions and our plans. These promises cannot be upheld if we fail to fund the weapons systems, munitions, training, and personnel required to balance against China's plans to expand its sphere of influence in the region.  We have a near-term and long-term need to pass this bill, and commitments like these made by the administration cannot be met--cannot be met--if our Democratic friends block this critical funding.  I would remind everyone that at a time when we face an array of terror threats around the globe, we cannot afford to put politics above support for our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines or our efforts to move the appropriations process forward. So I was troubled by a letter I received earlier today from Democratic leaders implying they might actually block this bipartisan bill and, with it, critical funding to provide for our warriors and provide for our national defense.  They called for regular order, but I will remind my colleagues this bill is the epitome--the epitome--of regular order. The Senate passed the authorizing legislation--the National Defense Authorization Act. The bipartisan bill respects the budget caps in place. And it was reported out of the Committee on Appropriations with the support of every single Democrat and every single Republican on the committee.  As the top Democrat on the Defense Subcommittee himself has said, ``This defense bill takes a responsible approach to protecting our country--honoring the bipartisan budget deal in place,'' and the senior Democrat on the committee said of this bill that she is ``happy to support'' the bill.  There is no excuse to filibuster this bill. Everybody in the committee supported it. It is consistent with the budget agreement reached last year. So I would urge all my colleagues to support moving forward to debate this important legislation they say they are in favor of.  