 President, for all Members of the Senate, let me sum up where we are. There are three votes left to be cast. It is cleared on this side of the aisle to have all three of those votes momentarily. If there are objections to the consent request I am about to offer, the three votes would occur at 10:20 tonight. But whether we do it now or we do it then, there are three votes to finish the bill.  This bill is a product of a negotiation between the top Republican and the top Democrat on the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry which will protect middle-class families from unnecessary and unfair higher food prices, while also ensuring access to more information about the food we all purchase.  Chairman Roberts said this bipartisan bill will benefit consumers by greatly increasing the amount of food information at their fingertips, while avoiding devastating increases in the price of food.  The ranking Democrat on the committee, Senator Stabenow, noted that it will prevent a confusing patchwork of 50 different labeling requirements in 50 different States, and it recognizes the scientific consensus that biotechnology is safe.  It is the result of bipartisan work to address an issue that could negatively harm consumers and producers.  The amendments being bandied about threaten to derail this process, and the end result will be a tax on food for middle-class families.  So here is the deal, Mr. President. We need to pass it today. We need the House to take it up and pass it, and we need them to send it to the President to sign it. So the end game is clear. The only issue before the Senate at the moment is whether we do it in the near future or at 10:20 tonight.  Bearing that in mind, as I have said, we are prepared to vote on the Sanders alternative to the Roberts-Stabenow compromise language and to finish up this bill now rather than waiting until time expires at 10:20 tonight.  A bipartisan majority voted to end debate on the bill. Everyone has had an opportunity to be heard. It is time to finish this bill.  Under the regular order, there would be no further amendments on the bill. Under the consent agreement I am about to offer, the opponents would be able to vote on the Sanders alternative.  Therefore, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwithstandingrule XXII, there be 20 minutes of postcloture time left, equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; further, that Senator Sanders or his designee be allowed to offer amendment No. 4948 to the motion to concur with further amendment; finally, that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the Sanders amendment, with a 60-affirmative-vote threshold needed for adoption; and that following disposition of the Sanders amendment, the remaining amendment be withdrawn and the Senate vote on the motion to concur in the House amendment with further amendment with no further intervening action or debate.  