 President, Senator Mark Kirk has never been one to be intimidated by a challenge. He is willing to work hard even when the going gets tough. He never shies away from a tough debate, and he always comes prepared. He has been defying the odds for a long time and inspiring others along the way.  Nearly 5 years ago, Senator Kirk suffered a debilitating stroke--one that threatened to end his Senate service nearly as soon as it had begun. In the blink of an eye, Kirk went from juggling constituent meetings and committee hearings to lying in a hospital bed wondering if he would ever walk again or talk again or read again.  If Senator Kirk had decided to just quit the Senate and focus on his recovery, no one would have blamed him.But he didn't do that. He never lost hope. He never gave up. He set his sights on getting back to work for the people of Illinois and the Nation. That is exactly what he did.  We were there to witness his triumph several months later. Cane in hand, a smile on his face, Joe Manchin to one side, Joe Biden to the other, one foot in front of the other, Senator Mark Kirk climbed and climbed and climbed. He ascended each of those 45 Capitol steps to the top of this Chamber as we all cheered him on.  Mark could rest assured no one was going to let him fall that day. And Senator Manchin could rest assured that he wouldn't have to go another day waiting for his buddy to return.  Days after Mark's stroke, Senator Manchin hopped on a flight to Chicago to check on his friend in person. He saw firsthand the many challenges Kirk had to overcome in recovery. But he never doubted Mark's will, determination, or desire to get back to work.  Kirk, he said, is like the Energizer Bunny. He just keeps going and going and going.  Manchin and Kirk might seem like an unconventional pair. One is a Democrat, the other a Republican. The West Virginian is an outdoorsman, the Illinois Senator is a gamer. Senator Manchin is a mountaineer, and Senator Kirk ascends skyscrapers.  But as the senior Senator from West Virginia put it, they ``just clicked from day one'' and quickly became the best of friends. Now they go boating together. They meet for lunch nearly every Thursday. And they support each other. The support of good friends like Senator Manchin has been critical to Senator Kirk's dramatic recovery.  He has found support in other places, too, including the mailbox. A few weeks after his stroke, Jackson, a 9-year-old fellow stroke survivor from Illinois, wrote Senator Kirk to share his own story and some words of encouragement. ``Do not give up on yourself,'' Jackson wrote. ``All the hard work is worth it.''  ``P.S.,'' he said, ``I think kids should get paid to go to school.''  The pair quickly became pen pals and even picked up a new joint sport of tower climbing in their rehabilitation.  Senator Kirk calls Jackson his personal hero. Last year, he invited him to visit Washington and be his guest at the State of the Union. To hear Kirk tell it, he may have never made it back for that address at all without Jackson's support and kind words.  I know the support he received from his fellow home State Senator didn't go unnoticed either. After Mark's stroke, Senator Durbin visited Kirk's staff, offering to help out however he could.  Senator Kirk's story reminds us that the Senate can be more than just a place of work, it can actually be a family. In his own words, ``The things that divide us in politics are infinitesimal compared with the dignity of our common humanity.'' It is a powerful message, and I think it is one we can all learn from.  Senator Kirk said that America's men and women in uniform represent ``the greatest force for human dignity on Earth.'' He is right. And the work he has done to help us meet the obligation our Nation has to military families and our veterans will endure beyond his term.  Mark Kirk, a veteran himself, understands the sacrifices our servicemembers and their families make each day on our behalf. He knows they deserve our full support, not only when they are on Active Duty but also after their tours are complete.  That is why he has worked to help guarantee the quality of health care that our heroes are counting on. It is why he has worked to help eliminate corruption within the VA so that our veterans receive timely care as well.  He has proven himself as a leader on national security issues too. He understands the value of our alliances and worked to strengthen them, especially with Israel.  He has a clear-eyed view of our adversaries too and has never been afraid to speak out or take action, from North Korea to Iran. When it comes to Iran specifically, Senator Kirk was the tip of the spear on this issue, bringing attention to the threat of Iran's aggressive behavior and pushing for legislation to help hold Tehran accountable.  He has long been an advocate for critical Iran sanctions like those extended just this past week, even when the administration pushed back and even when Democratic colleagues pushed back too. He doesn't back down, and thanks to efforts like his, we were able to see the legislation through.  So, yes, Senator Kirk may be leaving the Senate, but he has cast a long shadow here. And he is not done yet. We know he will not stop looking out for our country. We know he will not stop advocating for stroke survivors. We know he is not going to stop. He will just keep going and going and going as he always has.  Senator Kirk reminds each of us that it is possible to persevere through even the most difficult of obstacles life presents. So, today, we thank him for the impact he has made on this body, for the inspiration he has been to so many, and for the years he has dedicated to serving the people of Illinois.  