 President, after two terms in the Senate and more than two decades of public service, our friend and colleague Senator David Vitter will be leaving us at the end of his term. I would like to say a few words before he does.  Our friend from Louisiana is the first Republican Senator popularly elected from his home State. It is an impressive achievement that history will long record. But Senator Vitter had little opportunity to celebrate at the time. Hurricane Katrina hit just a few months after he took office. It was a catastrophic natural disaster that presented massive and immediate challenges for Louisiana.  Our colleague did not miss a beat. Back home, he and his team worked tirelessly to set up mobile offices. Here in the Senate he fought hard to bring aid to those in need. It underlined something we have all come to know about Senator Vitter: He is passionate about his home State. That has been a constant throughout his career. He simply loves Louisiana. He loves the richness of its history, loves the richness of its culture, loves the richness of its food, too--crawfish pie etouffee and several other things I can't pronounce. Senator Vitter loves it all.  He flies home just about every chance he gets. When he was younger, he turned down offers from Harvard and Yale to study law in the Pelican State. This is after he spent some time in Cambridge, MA, and Oxford, as a Rhodes Scholar, by the way--pretty impressive--so perhaps it was born of a simple lesson: You're just not going to find alligator sauce piquante anywhere else.  Nor are you likely to find many Saints fans, certainly none as enthusiastic as our colleague. You will find Senator Vitter glued to a TV every football Sunday. If the Senate is in session, he will watch between votes in the cloakroom behind me. He has been a diehard fan of the Black and Gold for as long as he can remember. It was not as though he had much choice, of course, growing up in the Big Easy, but he has stuck by his team through thick and thin--often thin. It is what made the Saints eventual Super Bowl win in 2010 that much sweeter. He called it a dream come true.  This tenacity and determination carries over to his political career as well. Whatever the issue, Senator Vitter's staff says he is always looking for solutions that can improve the lives of Louisianans. They say he is always ready to roll up his sleeves and stay the course on legislation that will do just that.  Senator Vitter has worked hard to protect his constituents from the effects of hurricanes and floods before they occur and to rebuild when they do. He has taken the lead on important initiatives to reform the Army Corps of Engineers and improve our Nation's waterways.  Most recently, he helped to pass the first significant reform of the Toxic Substances Control Act in nearly four decades. Senator Vitter was a critical player throughout, working across the aisle with our late colleague Senator Lautenberg and then Senator Udall to steer this much needed legislation to passage and eventually law.  Senator Vitter says he believes his most important job is to keep an open-door policy for constituents who need help. I know he would tell you that, although it may not be the most publicized part of the job, he considers it the most fulfilling.  He still remembers the woman in desperate need of a liver transplant. With the help of his office, she got it. He still remembers the veteran who needed an operation to save his leg and his life. With the help of Team Vitter, he received that too.  Senator Vitter will never forget the countless families in need of assistance following Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, the oil spill, and recent flooding. He has seen firsthand the life-changing, even lifesaving impacts constituent casework can have. It is what inspired him to compile these powerful stories and best practices into a constituent service guidebook that will help guide his successor from day one.  Of course, none of this would have been possible without a great staff, and Senator Vitter has built a strong team that is as committed to the people of Louisiana as he is. It is tight-knit. It is loyal. It is a group of men and women who know they have a boss who takes genuine interest in their success, who trusts their judgment, and who is always eager for their input.  Senator Vitter awards a Reform Trophy each week to the staffer with the best new policy idea. He truly believes in a heavy dose of competition. That includes when his son Jack is in town. Staffers can expect to be enlisted in an entirely different competition then; it is called Office Olympics. Team Vitter knows to bring their A game when Jack is around. They also know to bring their sense of humor. It turns out Jack is a bit of a prankster. I hear you don't want Jack laying hands on a Post-it note or a roll of aluminum foil when he is in the office, but lifelong memories are often made when he does just that.  It is these relationships and it is this capacity to make a difference for the people of Louisiana through constituent service and the legislative process that I am sure our colleague will miss most when he leaves the Senate.  Senator Vitter may be retiring from his post in this Chamber, but we know he will continue to look for ways to serve the State he loves so much. Today we join with his team and his family in recognizing his many years of service. I know each of us is looking forward to seeing what else our colleague is able to achieve on behalf of Louisiana in the years to come.  