 He and I may disagree as to what that policy should look like, but at a time when we are spending $700 billion a year importing oil from abroad, at a time when we are contributing toward global warming, at a time when the oil companies are enjoying recordbreaking profits, at a time when some people will tell us, experts will tell us, that speculation is driving up the cost of a barrel of oil by 25 to 50 percent, I think we need a new energy policy.  But I sincerely hope my good friend from Ohio will not penalize the millions of low-income people who are not here on that debate. For them, it is a life-and-death issue, in some cases, about whether we double LIHEAP funding in order to provide the benefits they desperately need. There are many reasons that any of us can give for not voting for a piece of legislation, but I hope in terms of the very important LIHEAP vote, we do not have folks coming up, well, I believe in LIHEAP; I am not voting for A or B; this is why--if we do not double the amount of money for LIHEAP at a time when home heating oil costs will be double what they were a couple of years ago.  Natural gas prices, as the Senator from Ohio said, are rising very rapidly. People throughout the country, in the southern part, are unable to afford electricity and are trying to get by without air-conditioning at a great threat to their health. I hope those people will not be held hostage to the debate we are having.  Yes, of course, we need a national energy policy. Yes, of course, this current policy is a disaster. But, please, let's not create a situation where people die and people suffer. Who gets LIHEAP? My friend from Ohio knows who gets LIHEAP. Those are the elderly people who get LIHEAP. Those are lower income families with children. Those are people with disabilities. Please, let's not hold those people hostage tomorrow while we continue the debate.  So, I say to my good friend from Ohio, count me in as someone who will continue to fight for a national energy policy. I happen to disagree with the Senator on some of the particulars, but we need a national energy policy. Of course, we need to lower the cost of energy.  But, right now, when we are seeing in the northern tier of the country, in the Northeast, a doubling of the price of home heating oil, people will go cold, people will freeze if we do not provide them with the help they need. I hope I can count on my friend's support tomorrow for that legislation.  I am very happy to say, in terms of LIHEAP, we are getting very significant bipartisan support for this legislation. This bill which, as I mentioned, would double the amount of money we are spending on LIHEAP--it is S. 3186, the Warm in Winter and Cool in Summer Act. It now has 52 cosponsors, 35 Democrats, 13 Republicans, and 2 Independents. I want to thank all of them. I want to thank Majority Leader Reid, Senators Obama, Durbin, Murray, Landrieu, Leahy, Cantwell, Jack Reed, Kerry, Kennedy, Schumer, Levin, Cardin, Brown, Klobuchar, Menendez, Casey,--and I want to thank you, the Presiding Officer, for your strong support for this legislation--Bingaman, Lautenberg, Stabenow, Bill Nelson, Baucus, Salazar, Wyden, Whitehouse, Rockefeller, Dodd, Tester, Mikulski, Biden, Kohl, Dorgan, McCaskill, and Boxer.  I also want to thank 13 Republican cosponsors of this legislation. It is no secret that we are in the midst of a lot of partisanship, a lot of bad feelings. But I am very glad that 13 Republicans have come on board this legislation. They are Senators Grassley, Snowe, Stevens, Coleman, Smith, Sununu, Collins, Murkowski, Gregg, Lugar, Bond, Dole, and Specter.  I appreciate their support, as well as Senator Lieberman, the other Independent, in addition to myself. I thank Senator Reid, the majority leader, for trying to push this legislation.  Not only do we have a significant amount of support in the Senate, we are getting support from dozens and dozens and dozens of organizations from all over this country who understand the importance of LIHEAP and the need to substantially increase funding.  Now, one of the organizations that has been very active and actively involved in this issue is the AARP, which is the largest senior group in this country. I would like to, if I may, read briefly from a statement that the AARP made in support of the legislation that is coming up tomorrow.  And that is:       AARP fully supports the Warm in Winter and Cool in Summer      Act. This legislation will provide needed relief for many      older persons who may not receive assistance despite their      eligibility due to a lack of funding. Older Americans who are      more susceptible to hypothermia and heat stroke know the      importance of heating and cooling their homes. They often      skip on other necessities to pay their utility bills.       However, today's escalating energy prices and the Nation's      unpredictable and extreme temperatures are adding to the      growing economic hardship faced by seniors. LIHEAP is      underfunded and unable to meet the energy assistance needs of      the program's eligible households. Studies show that while      LIHEAP serves more households than ever before, only 16      percent of eligible households received assistance in 2006.  Let me repeat that. Only 16 percent, in 2006. The need is now substantially greater because of the rising cost of fuel and because of the recession we are in currently.  AARP finishes by saying:       An estimated gap of almost $28 billion now exists between      what LIHEAP pays and total energy costs facing the eligible      LIHEAP population.  So we are very appreciative that AARP is supporting this legislation. Let me mention a letter that I received yesterday from the National Governors Association. The National Governors Association, representing all 50 Governors in this country, is also supporting this legislation. Let me read briefly from this letter.  I ask unanimous consent to have this letter printed in the Record.  