 KYL. Let me conclude my point on this, though I do appreciate the intercession of my colleague earlier, acknowledging that folks on his side of the aisle would like to see a lot more revenue because of the spending they would like to accomplish.  Let me finish this point about the death tax.  The U.S. Treasury estimates that the estate tax reduces bequests by 14 percent. Individuals are either choosing to save less or rely heavily on estate planning, which is a large deadweight loss to the economy. The death tax costs more money to comply with than it raises in revenue. As I said before, there is a direct correlation between the two.  Economists Henry Aaron and Alicia Munnell estimated the amount spent on avoiding the death tax is approximately equal to the amount collected. The IRS estimates it takes about 38 hours to complete form 706, the Federal estate tax return. Estate planning for businesses can range from $5,000 to $250,000 for family limited partnerships and up to $1 million for closely held businesses. Fifty-two percent of the estates that filed a return were required to incur sizable legal, accounting, and other professional expenses even though they owed no tax.  So my point about the death tax is that almost no one thinks it is fair. Almost everybody acknowledges it should be reformed. We have tried year after year to reform it. We have not been able to get the necessary votes to accomplish that, though virtually every Republican has supported reform.  The chairman of the Finance Committee assured us we would work toward the goal of getting a bill this year but now says there will not be a goal, and as to the ``reform'' in the budget, it turns out to be very little reform at all. In fact, it was the same ``reform'' we passed last year as part of the budget. As everybody knows, the budget is not law. The budget is a goal, and we did not follow up on that goal. When I tried to do so, I was asked to back off for a future commitment, that we would try to work on it this year. Now we are told we are not going to do it this year.  So let's just understand that what we would be doing in passing a budget that theoretically has a proposal for death tax reform is not serious. We are not going to have death tax reform.  For those who vote for the amendment which will be offered here to suggest there will be death tax reform, understand that if you do not follow it up with real action to pass a bill that reforms the death tax, then this is nothing more than an unkept promise.  So I urge my colleagues, as they think about this, to recognize we will be held accountable. We now have a year of experience following the Democratic budget that was passed last year, and we see all of the unfulfilled commitments that were made in that budget now. Since the budget tracks so carefully this year what we did last year, one has to ask the same questions: Is it going to be the same this year where on the death tax, for example, we are not able to get relief? As I said, I will propose an amendment that I think takes a little bit better stab at death tax relief. I would hope we could get support as we have from some of our Democratic colleagues on that to demonstrate we want to do something substantive this year on that subject rather than simply put it in the budget and claim we have done something when, in fact, everybody knows that just putting it in the budget does not actually change anything.  Let me close, Madam President, by saying--I will be happy to yield, but I will be happy to stop and let my colleague from Vermont just go ahead, if he would like to do that--I want to acknowledge the hard work of the chairman of the Budget Committee, who is here. I know he is very much committed to trying his very best. But at a time when, as he acknowledged, many folks on his side of the aisle think the Federal Government needs more revenue, we are just in a debate in which we have to agree to disagree. He always does so in an amiable way, and I respect that.  But I just believe it is the American taxpayer who deserves more revenue, not the U.S. Government. Therefore, reluctantly, I will be opposing this budget in the form it is in and hope we can make substantial changes to it in a true spirit of bipartisanship.  I thank you.  