President, next to the Senator from Texas, who just spoke, is the Executive Calendar of the U.S. Senate. There are about 30 pagesof that calendar on his desk that contain the names of individuals nominated by the Obama administration, then sent to committee, approved by the committee, then sent to the calendar to be approved on the floor of the Senate. The Republican majority in the Senate refuses to call these names.  The plea that is being made by the senior Senator from Texas is, why can't we just get along? Well, I hope we can, but this is a bad place to start, with all of these names sitting right in front of us, waiting patiently--some of them for over a year--to be called for a vote on the floor of the Senate. They all were reported out by committees that have a majority Republican membership.  Of course, there is exhibit A in this, and that is Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland was President Obama's nominee to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court after the death of Antonin Scalia. Since February of this year, the process has been going forward by the President and the White House to send a name to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court. For the first time in the history of the Senate, the Republican majority refused to give the President's Supreme Court nominee a hearing or a vote. It has never--underline that word--never happened before. So we hear the plea from the Senator from Texas for cooperation: We have to get along here. Well, we should. We owe it to the country. But, for goodness' sake, let's be honest about where we stand. There are dozens of names here of men and women who are highly qualified to serve this Nation, who went through the process of being nominated by the administration, of being approved by Republican-majority committees, who have been languishing on the floor of the Senate because of the refusal of the Republican leadership.  Judge Merrick Garland, who was judged ``unanimously well-qualified'' to serve on the Supreme Court by the American Bar Association, never even got a hearing before this Republican-controlled Senate. In fact, the leader of this Senate and many others said: We will not even meet with him. We won't discuss it with him.  What was their strategy? Well, it is one that paid off, I guess. They felt if they violated what we consider to be the tradition and duty of the Senate and not have a hearing and a vote on a nominee, they might just elect a Republican President. Well, they did. Now they want to fill their vacancies and they are begging us: Cooperate. Join in with us. Let's be bipartisan.  I am going to try. I am going to give a fair hearing to each of the nominees. They deserve it. There are no guarantees on a final vote; it depends on whether I think they are the right person for the job. But I do hope there will be some reflection in the process about what we have just lived through.  There are over 100 vacancies on Federal courts across the United States. Many of them--30--would have been filled with just the names on this Executive Calendar that have already cleared the Senate Judiciary Committee with a majority of Republican Senators. Yet they sit. They languish. In just a few hours and a few days, they are going to become part of history as we move to the new Senate on January 3. I wanted to make that point for the record.  Mr. President, I also wish to say a word about where we are with the continuing resolution. What is a continuing resolution? Well, we are used to it around here because we have done it so often. Both political parties have done it. Here is what it basically says. Think about your family budget. Let's assume that last year you spent, on average, $100 a month on your utility bills. What if we said to you: In this next year, we want you to spend $100 a month.  You say: Well, I don't know if that is what it is going to cost. I hope it is less; it might be more.  Well, the continuing resolution says: Stick with last year's budget, and you can make special provisions and special allowances if it happens to be wrong.  You think, that is a heck of a way to run my family. That is what a continuing resolution does. It takes last year's budget and says: Let's repeat. Well, things change.  I am on the Appropriations Defense Subcommittee. It is the largest subcommittee in terms of the amount of domestic discretionary money that is spent. Things change with our military all the time. You know that. Presidents come forward and say: We need additional money for our troops, to prepare them, to equip them, to make sure they are where they need to be in this world to keep America safe.  What we do with a continuing resolution is we say: Well, we are going to tell you that you have to live within the bounds of last year's budget--a continuing resolution.  The people in the Department of Defense, of course, will do their best. They are not going to spend money this year on things that are finished. They are not going to repeat and keep building if they have already finished their building. They are not going to buy things they have decided are not valuable. But when it comes to making important budget decisions, their hands will be tied by this Congress.  For the second time, we are going to come up with a 3- or 4-month budget resolution as we move forward. It is no way to run a government.  Here is the good news: We didn't have to do that. On this Appropriations subcommittee, Senator Thad Cochran of Mississippi and I worked a long time. Our staff worked even longer and prepared a Department of Defense appropriations bill. We are ready--ready to bring it to the floor, ready to debate it. And it is a good one. It keeps our country safe. On a bipartisan basis, we agreed on what it should contain. We can't bring it forward. All of the spending is going to be done under this continuing resolution. We will be halfway through this current fiscal year with continuing resolutions if we ever get around to the appropriations process.  The Presiding Officer is also on the Appropriations Committee and works in a very bipartisan way in the authorizing Appropriations Committee on some critical programs for health and education. We should have brought that before the Senate on the floor, but we did not.  We have this continuing resolution before us, and it has a few things in it that I think the American people should know. One of them relates to retired coal miners and their families.  Coal mining has always been a dangerous job, and it is also a job that has diseases that come with it, such as black lung. So for those who retire from coal mining, health care is critically important.  Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia has a lot of coal miners, and they are worried about a cutoff on the health care benefits for retired coal miners and their surviving widows. He has come before the Senate over and over again begging the Senate to come up with a plan to make sure their health care is funded for this next year and for years to come.  In this continuing resolution, we managed to provide that health care protection for several months, 3 or 4 months--but not any longer. He is worried about it. I have talked to him twice today. He has spoken on this issue countless times on the floor of the Senate. We believe he is making the right fight.  The fight to ensure that coal miners don't lose their benefits has been before Congress for 4 years. It has been through the regular order of committees. It was passed by the Senate Finance Committee with Democrats and Republicans supporting it. Even in the midst of dysfunction of partisanship in the Senate, this is apparently one measure that apparently both parties agree on. Despite all of this, the continuing resolution does not reflect the needs of and it does not provide the resources for these families.  The other day, Majority Leader McConnell came to the floor and he insisted that the continuing resolution addressed the expiring benefits of retired workers. What he did was extend those benefits for 4 months. There is no indication of what is going to happen beyond that. It requires the United Mine Workers health plan to deplete its reserves to pay for this temporary extension, but then they are broke. There is nothing in the bank when the CR expires in April. It subjects the health plan to a reduction in funding from what they currently receive from the abandoned mine land funds, and it makes no mention of the pension shortfall that these same mining families face.  We are looking for a real solution, and we are hoping to get one soon. Before the end of the day, I think Senator Manchin, Senator Sherrod Brown, Senator Casey, and others will come to the floor and speak to this specific issue, but it has been one of the things that has held us up.  In Illinois, there are nearly 2,000 coal miners and their families whose health care benefits are in jeopardy, and I have heard from them.  Linda Fleming of Taylorville, IL--that is about 30 miles from where I live. She is afraid her 86-year-old mother will lose the benefits her father, who worked at Peabody coal for 30 years, left for her mother when he passed away 2 years ago. Her husband, who retired from Freeman coal in Central Illinois after 33 years of service, also received notice that he was going to lose his benefits.  Larry Garland, a retired coal miner in Millstadt, IL, worked in the coalfields because it was a good job--a hard job, a dirty job some days, but it had a promise of lifetime health care for him and his family. His wife has MS, and he is wondering how he is going to afford her medical expenses if this isn't funded properly.  Karen Williams, a nurse and daughter of a retired coal miner in Du Quoin, IL, sees firsthand how important these benefits are to retirees like her dad, who has a lung disease directly related to his coal-mining years.  These are just a few of the stories in my State, of the 2,000 affected by this decision, so we take it personally.  There is another provision in here as well. The President-elect has designated General Mattis to be the next Secretary of Defense. James Mattis was the head of U.S. Central Command, an extraordinary general, given some critical assignments by previous Presidents, and every report that I have read is positive about his service to our country and his leadership skills in the Marine Corps. But the appointment of General Mattis is in violation of a basic law. The law, which was passed over 50 years ago, limited the availability of these retired military officers to serve as Secretaries of Defense.  In America, we have always prided ourselves--and particularly since the reorganization of the military after World War II--on civilian control over the military. It is something that is really built into the American view about the military and the civilian side of the Federal Government.  Here we have General Mattis, who is eminently qualified to lead in many respects, but he is going to be violating that basic law that says there must be 7 years of separation between your military service and your service as Secretary of Defense.  There has only been one exception in history, and that was back in 1950, when President Truman asked GEN George C. Marshall, a five-star general--there aren't many in our history--to come out of retirement. General Marshall had retired as Secretary of State. President Truman asked General Marshall to come out of retirement to serve as Secretary of Defense under the new reorganization plan of our government.  Congress had to change that law. At that time, there was a 10-year separation. Congress had to change the law, and it took some time to do it--to debate it, to make sure the policy decision was the right thing for our country, and to make sure that whatever we did was consistent with this idea that civilians should control the military. They ultimately gave the waiver to GEN George C. Marshall, this hero of our World War II defense, Sectary of State, and a man who won the Nobel Peace Prize, I might add. So he was an extraordinary man.  This bill that we have before us is going to ask us to expedite this decision. At the time it was debated before with General Marshall, the Senate took the time to really consider this. So expediting and changing the rules of the Senate in this bill is something that hasn't been done before.  I worry about the impact it is going to have in the long term. It complicated what should have been a pretty simple and straightforward bill.  Let me speak as well about the impact on the Department of Defense of this continuing resolution. A continuing resolution for defense might be harmful to our Armed Forces, and the longer we live under it, the worse it could get. If Congress were to pass a 3-month continuing resolution for the Department of Defense, they are going to feel it right away. The Pentagon has identified more than 150 programs costing tens of billions of dollars that will be disrupted by a continuing resolution. House Republicans fixed no more than a few of these. There are a lot of others in disarray.  The Defense bill has provided $600 million, for example, for the Israeli missile defense programs, a substantial increase over last year's funding level of $487 million. This includes increased funding for the Arrow 3 program, which will protect Israel against new threats from long-range Iranian missiles. Under a continuing resolution, this new initiative is put on hold until we get around to passing a full-year Defense appropriations bill.  The impacts of the 3-month continuing resolution will also be felt by the defense industrial base. There is a similar story for the Air Force's new B-21 bomber. Funding for this program is planned to nearly double this year to more than $1.3 billion, in order to design the replacement for the decades-old B-52. The CR makes that difficult, if not impossible.  The Pentagon's R&D efforts have already been hamstrung by continuing resolutions, and there the story gets worse. Important medical research will be postponed in the Department of Defense, and agencies like DARPA, which had planned to award contracts worth $24 billion, is on hold.  Instead, due to putting defense funding in this continuing resolution on autopilot, less than $16 billion, instead of $24 billion, will be awarded. That is going to slow down innovation and impact untold numbers of suppliers for our Department of Defense.  The old adage ``time is money'' certainly applies to the Pentagon. Every day, every week, every month that defense programs are delayed adds up to more costs to American taxpayers. When the government can't keep up its end of the contract because funding isn't available, costs go up, and taxpayers pay more for things they should pay less for. Every Member of Congress has criticized the Pentagon--I have been in that queue--for spending too much on weapons systems, but every time we do a CR, we raise the cost of weapons systems by delaying these payments.  Our constituents didn't elect us to delay making decisions. They elected us to get things done. Months of bipartisan committee work and weeks of bipartisan negotiation shouldn't be cast aside. Putting government spending on autopilot is not responsible.  Whether you work in a Fortune 500 company or in any agency of the Federal Government, budgets must adapt to innovation, new challenges, and new opportunities. Failure to do so is a waste. We owe it to the American taxpayer and we sure owe it to the men and women in uniform to do more than just kick the budgetary can down the road. We owe it to thousands of retired miners to keep our promise, to respect their years of hard work and give them the benefits they deserve.  Now is not the time to give up and go home. Now is the time to rededicate ourselves to truly working together, as the Appropriations Committee has historically done, use their work product, and pass a bill and an appropriations spending measure that really reflects what is needed for the national defense of America.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  