I know it is personal to him and the Presiding Officer.  In my State, I think the death rate from opioids and heroin is somewhere around 12 per 100,000; in your State, I understand it is 25; in the State of New Hampshire, 35. So you have twice the problem we have, just in strict statistical terms, and New Hampshire, for some reason, has three times. And you have been outspoken on this issue. I am pleased you have been because it is not just local to you, it is a national problem.  Yesterday we had the Acting Administrator for the Drug Enforcement Administration come before the Judiciary Committee. Most people are not aware, although I know you and the Presiding Officer are aware of the fact that each year the Drug Enforcement Administration approves the production of opioids by pharma. In other words, the pharmaceutical companies cannot produce these pills that are classified as narcotic, pain reliever pills, without the approval of the Drug Enforcement Administration.  I am sure the Senator from West Virginia is aware of the fact that when they set the annual production quotas for opioids by U.S. pharmaceutical companies--there has been a dramatic increase. Between 1993 and 2015, a 22-year period of time, oxycodone production jumped dramatically 40 times, from 3\1/2\ tons to over 150 tons of oxycodone approved by the Drug Enforcement Administration. During the same period, the production of hydrocodone went up 12 times; hydromorphone, 23 times; and fentanyl, the drug that killed Prince, 25 times.  I asked Acting Administrator Rosenberg: We are trying to destroy the opioid beast, and you are feeding it. The production levels--do you take into consideration what is happening with these drugs once they are produced by pharma and what happens to them next? Under the ordinary course of events, they are prescribed by doctors and dentists or, in some cases, some other medical professionals, and they make it to the street.  He said that he was aware of it and he understood that his agency was bearing some responsibility for what has happened. Well, that is an understatement. They are certainly bearing some responsibility.  So I ask the Senator from West Virginia, who has been outspoken and a real leader on this issue, when we look at the Food and Drug Administration's role on the types of opioids and we look at the Drug Enforcement Administration's role when it comes to the volume of production, is it clear that our government has some responsibility for where we are today with this opioid epidemic?  