President, both the Republican majority leader and the Republican assistant majority leader have come to the floor to address one issue that is pretty important to them, and it clearly is the focus of their attention. The issue today is the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare, which was passed by the Senate and the House 6 years ago. What I have missed in most of the debate--no, in fact, what I missed from all of the debate from the Republican side, is their proposal or their alternative. They don't have one. No, what they want to argue is: We need to go back to the good old days--the good old days of health insurance before the Affordable Care Act.  You heard the Senator from Kentucky and the Senator from Texas talk about getting back to those good old days and getting rid of the mandates in the Affordable Care Act. What were those mandates in the Affordable Care Act? Here is one. It says if you or any member of your family had a preexisting condition, you could not be denied health insurance. Does any family across America have a family member with a preexisting condition? It turns out there are quite a few--my family and many others. There are 129 million Americans out of 350 million who have a preexisting condition in their family. What did that mean in the good old days before the Affordable Care Act, which the Republicans want to return to? It meant health insurance companies would just flat out say no, we are not going to cover you. You have a child who survived cancer, you have a wife who is a diabetic--no health insurance for you. Those are the good old days that Republicans would like to return to, but for 129 million Americans, it means no insurance or unaffordable insurance to go back to the Republican good old days under health insurance.  There was also a provision--another mandate in the Affordable Care Act--which said you cannot discriminate against women when it comes to health insurance. Why would health insurance companies charge more money for women than men? Well, women are made differently, have different health needs. But why should they be discriminated against when it comes to the cost of health insurance?  One of the mandates said that you treat men and women equally when it comes to the payment of premiums. In the good old days, you could discriminate against women. It meant that 157 million American women could pay a higher premium for the same health insurance as a man. So the good old days, which the Senate Republicans would like to return to in health insurance, would go back to discrimination against women.  There was another mandate. The mandate said that if you were a family who had a son or a daughter and you wanted to keep them on your family health insurance until they reached the age of 26, the health insurance companies had to give you that option. It was mandated. In the good old days, which the Senate Republicans would like to return to, there was no requirement that you be allowed to continue coverage for your son or daughter to age 26.  What difference does that make? I remember when my daughter was going to college and then graduated. I called her and said: Jennifer, do you have health insurance?  Oh, Dad, I don't need that. I feel fine.  Well, no parent wants to hear that. You never know what tomorrow's diagnosis or tomorrow's accident is going to bring. So one of the mandates, which the Republicans would like to get rid of, is the mandate that family health insurance cover your children up to age 26 while they are graduating from school, looking for a job, maybe working part time. They want to go back to the good old days when you could tell a family: No, your son or daughter cannot stay under your health insurance plan.  There was another provision too. There used to be a Senator who sat right back there; I can picture him right now--Paul Wellstone of Minnesota. Paul Wellstone was an extraordinary Senator who died in a plane crash. You probably remember. Over on that side of the aisle, right at that seat, was Pete Domenici of New Mexico. Pete Domenici was a Republican Senator from New Mexico.  Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici were two polar opposites in politics, but they had one thing in common. Both of them had members of their family with mental illness. The two of them, Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici, came together and said: Every health insurance plan in America should cover mental health counseling and care--mandated mental health counseling and care.  Those two Senators from the opposite poles in politics knew, together, that mental illness is, in fact, an illness that can be treated. Health insurance plans did not cover it, did not want to cover it. But the mandate that they came up with, included in the Affordable Care Act, said: Yes, you will cover mental health illness and mental health counseling.  Well, you have just listened to the Senator from Texas talk about doing away with mandates, mandates that require the coverage of mental health illness. There is something else they included, too, and most of us didn't notice. It doesn't just say mental health illness; it says mental health illness and substance abuse treatment.  What I am finding in Illinois, and we are finding across the country because of the opioid and heroin epidemic, is that many families get down on their knees and thank goodness that their health insurance now gives their son or daughter facing the addiction of opioids or heroin health insurance coverage for treatment. This is another mandate in the Affordable Care Act that the Senators from Texas and Kentucky believe should be gone.  That is not all. There is also a mandate in the Affordable Care Act that wedo something to help senior citizens pay for their prescriptions drugs. Under the plan devised by the Republicans, there was something called a doughnut hole where seniors could find themselves, after a few months each year, going into their savings accounts for thousands of dollars to pay for their pharmaceuticals and drugs.  We put in a mandate in the Affordable Care Act to start closing that doughnut hole and protecting seniors. The Republicans would have us go back to the good old days when the Medicare prescription program--where seniors were depleting their savings because of the cost of lifesaving drugs.  So when you go through the long list of things that are mandated in the Affordable Care Act, you have to ask my Republican critics: Which one of those mandates would you get rid of? They suggest that--at least the Senator from Texas suggested--we should get rid of all of these mandates and go back to the good old days of health insurance.  It is true that the cost of health insurance is going open up. My family knows it. We are under an insurance exchange from the Affordable Care Act. We know it. Others know it as well. But to suggest this is brand new since the Affordable Care Act is to ignore reality and to ignore the obvious. If you take a look back in time--and not that far back in time--before the passage of the Affordable Care Act, you find some interesting headlines.  The Senator from Texas brings headlines from Texas of the last few months. In 2005, 5 years before the Affordable Care Act was law, there was a Los Angeles Times headline that read, ``Rising Premiums Threaten Job-Based Health Coverage.'' It should not come as any surprise to those of us who have any memory of when the cost of health insurance premiums were going up every single year.  In 2006, 4 years before the Affordable Care Act became law, a New York Times headline read, ``Health Care Costs Rise Twice as Much as Inflation.''  In 2008, 2 years before we passed the law, a Washington Post headline read, ``Rising Health Costs Cut Into Wages.''  It is naive--in fact, it is just plain wrong--to suggest that health care costs were not going up before the Affordable Care Act, and health insurance premiums were not going up. If you could buy a policy, you could expect the cost of it to go up every year. What we tried to achieve with the Affordable Care Act was to slow the rate of growth in health insurance costs. We have achieved that.  More than 20 million Americans who did not have it before the Affordable Care Act now have health insurance. We are also finding that the cost of programs like Medicare have gone down over $400 million because we are finding cost savings in health care, cost savings brought about because of the Affordable Care Act. I said $400 million; sorry, I was wrong. It is $473 billion saved in Medicare since the Affordable Care Act because the rate of growth in health care costs has slowed down.  For employer premiums, the past 5 years included four of the five slowest growth years on record. Health care price growth since the Affordable Care Act became law has been the slowest in 50 years. Have some premiums gone up? Yes, primarily in the individual market.  Now, the Senator from Texas and I have something in common. The biggest health insurer in my State is also a major health insurer in Texas--Blue Cross. Blue Cross came to me and said: We are going to have to raise premiums. How much, I can't say ultimately. It is still going through the decision process. What was the reason? They said: Not enough people are signing up for the health insurance exchanges. What we are trying to do is to get more people to sign up for health insurance so that we literally have universal coverage across this country.  We have made great progress; 20 million people more are covered. But to argue that we should go back to the good old days of health insurance, of discrimination against people with preexisting conditions, discrimination against women, making the decision that if your child has a medical condition, your family would not have health insurance--to say that we should go back to that--is that what the Republicans are proposing? I am still waiting for the Republican alternative to the Affordable Care Act. They have had plenty of time to work on it.  They call it partisan law, but let's make the record clear. In 2009, when President Obama was sworn into office and started this effort to reform health insurance in America, Max Baucus, a Democrat from Montana, was the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee. He reached out to the ranking Republican, Chuck Grassley of Iowa, to try to devise a bipartisan bill.  They took a long time deliberating and meeting. In fact, many of us were frustrated, saying: When is this going to result in an actual bill? In August of 2009, Senator Grassley announced he was no longer going to be engaged in that deliberation and negotiation. From that point forward, no Republicans participated in the drawing up of the bill or an alternative. It passed on a partisan rollcall despite the best efforts of many Democratic Senators to engage the Republicans in at least debating the issue and helping us to build the bill.  They were opposed and remain opposed. They still oppose it today and still have no alternative, no substitute. It is their hope that we will somehow return to the good old days of health insurance. Well, they were not good old days for millions of Americans. It meant discrimination, exclusions, expenses, and treatment no one wants to return to.  One topic is never mentioned by the Republicans when they come to the floor and talk about health insurance. I listened carefully yesterday and again today with Senator McConnell and with Senator Cornyn, and one thing they failed to mention: Did you hear them say anything about the cost of pharmaceuticals and drugs? Not a word.  Yet when you ask health insurance companies why premiums are going up, some are saying: They are being driven by the cost of pharmaceuticals. One company says that 25 percent of our premium increase goes to the cost of pharmaceuticals. Well, we know what they are talking about, don't we. When people take over these pharmaceutical companies, they grab a drug that has been on the market, sometimes for decades, and decide to raise the price 100 percent, 200 percent, and 550 percent in the case of EpiPens, those pens that save kids who have anaphylactic reactions to peanuts and other things they are allergic to.  So if we are going to deal with the drivers in the cost of health insurance, my friends on the Republican side have to be open to the suggestion that we need to do more to protect American consumers from being fleeced by pharmaceutical companies. Why are we paying so much more for drugs in America that are literally cheaper in Canada and cheaper in Europe? It is because our laws do not give the consumers a fighting chance. Our laws allow pharmaceutical companies to charge what they wish with little or no oversight.  Do you want to bring down the cost of health care? We have hospitals already engaged in that effort, doctors engaged in that effort, medical professionals committed to that effort. But what one hospital administrator said to me is: Senator, when are we going to get the pharmaceutical companies to join us in trying to reduce the cost to consumers?  Let me just close by saying that the Senator from Texas said: There were those in the Senate who wanted to have a government health insurance plan. Guilty as charged--not as the only plan, but as a competitor when it came to these health insurance plans. What if we had Medicare for all across the United States as an alternative in every insurance exchange and allowed consumers across this country to decide whether that is an option that is valuable for them?  I am not closing out the possibility of private insurers. Let them compete as well. But consumers at least deserve that option, a nonprofit Medicare-for-all insurance plan. It was stopped because we did not have the support of all of the Democrats, to be honest with you, and no support from the Republican side. I still think that is a viable alternative that we should explore.  So I will still wait. There will be more and more speeches about the Affordable Care Act. I will still wait,after 6 years, for the first proposal from the Republican side for the replacement of the Affordable Care Act. I have not seen it yet, but hope springs eternal.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). The Senator from Nebraska.  