President, this Senator will never apologize for medical research--never. I certainly understand the National Institutes of Health have the primary responsibility for medical research. I am pleased to report that at this moment in the subcommittee, we are marking up an increase of more than 5 percent in the funding for that important agency.  I thank Senator Blunt from the other side of the aisle and Senator Murray from our side of the aisle for finding the resources for that. But to argue that because we are putting money into the National Institutes of Health we can take money away from the Department of Defense ignores the obvious. We take money away from the Department of Defense medical research program at the expense of men and women in the military, their families, and veterans.  Look at the example the Senator from Arizona used. He stood and he pointed to his chart and he said: Well, there is even spending here for epilepsy and seizures. Now, why would that be? We have to spend money on our military and their issues.  Well, let's take a look. Since the year 2000, over 300,000 Active-Duty servicemembers have experienced a traumatic brain injury. Currently, the prevalence of post-traumatic epilepsy among those members who have suffered a brain injury is unknown. There are few risk factors that are known to guide decisionmaking in diagnosing the treatment of the disease. According to the American Epilepsy Society, over 50 percent of TBI victims--these are military members who have been exposed to traumatic brain injury with penetrating head injury from the Korean and Vietnam wars--have developed post-traumatic epilepsy. For the Senator from Arizona to point to this as one of the wasteful areas of medical research is to ignore the obvious: that 300,000 of our men and women in uniform have suffered from traumatic brain injury. And we know from past experience that many of them end up with post-traumatic epilepsy. To argue, then, that this medical research into epilepsy and seizures has no application or value to members of the military is basically to ignore the obvious.  What we have tried to do in establishing this program is, first, we cannot earmark that any grant be given to any institution. All we can do is suggest to the Department of Defense areas that we think have relevance to our military. They then have to make the decision. Each and every grant has to pass a threshold requirement that it have relevance to the military and their health.  Well, it turns out there are many things that are concerning. Would you guess that prostate cancer is a major concern in the military as opposed to the rest of our population? You should because the incidence of prostate cancer among those who serve in the military is higher than it is in the general population. Why is that? Is it an exposure to something while they served? Is there something we can do to spare military families from this cancer by doing basic research? I am not going to apologize for that, nor am I going to apologize for the breast cancer commitment that has been made by this Department of Defense medical research program.  The Senator from Arizona is correct. Groups are coming to us and saying: This Department of Defense medical research is absolutely essential.  I just had a press conference with the Breast Cancer Coalition. There has been $3 billion invested in breast cancer research through the Department of Defense over the last 24 years. As I said earlier, it led to the development of a new drug that saved the lives of breast cancer victims--Herceptin. The drug has saved lives. To argue that this money was not well spent, should have been in another category, didn't apply here and there--let's look beyond that. Let's consider the lives saved, not just of men and women across America but of members of families of those who have served our country.  The list goes on and on. I could spend the next hour or more going through every single one of them. The provision of the Senator from Arizona in his own bill is designed to eliminate the medical research programs at the Department of Defense. That is not my conclusion; that is the conclusion of the Department of Defense. He has put in so much redtape and so many obstacles and added so much overhead and so much delay that he will accomplish his goal of killing off medical research at the Department of Defense directed by Congress. That would be a terrible outcome--a terrible outcome for people who are counting on this research.  No apologies. I am for increasing the money at the National Institutes of Health. I have said that already. And I am for increasing money at the Department of Defense. It has been money well spent and well invested for the men and women of our military.  I might add and let me first acknowledge that my colleague from Arizona has a distinguished record serving the United States in our U.S. Navy. We all know his heroic story and what he went through. So I am not questioning his commitment to the military in any way whatsoever. But I will tell you that veterans organizations and others stand by my position on this issue. When we had the press conference earlier, it wasn't just the Breast Cancer Coalition; the Disabled American Veterans was also there asking us to defeat this provision in the bill that would put an end to the Department of Defense medical research programs.  For the good of these families, all of the members of these families in the military, as well as our veterans, let's not walk away from this fundamental research.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). The Senator from Arizona.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I think the Senator from Illinois and I have pretty well ventilated this issue, and once we get an agreement on votes, we could schedule a vote on it. I think we are very well aware of each other's positions. I have been talking about this issue for quite a period of time, as I watch our defense spending go down and our ``medical research'' go up.  The argument of the Senator from Illinois is that men and women in the military are subject to all of these various health challenges, ranging from arthritis to vascular malfunctions, et cetera, because they are Americans, because they are human beings? Yes, we agree that members of the military are subject to all of these needs and earmarks for various illnesses that affect Americans.  And by the way, traumatic brain injury causes a whole lot of things. So to say that epilepsy is the result of traumatic brain injury, there are all kinds of things that are the result of traumatic brain injury, and I strongly support funding--and so have many others--for research on traumatic brain injury. We know the terrible effects ofthat on our veterans. But there are, at least on this list, 50 different diseases and medical challenges, and connecting that all to defense takes a leap of the imagination and is, obviously, ridiculous. It is ridiculous. Here we have pancreatic cancer, Parkinson's, and all of these. Veterans are subject to those, yes, but it should not be in the Defense bill and it should not be taken out of defense money, particularly in this period of need.  So if the Disabled American Veterans and every veteran organization is told they will not have funding for these programs, of course they are going to object to this provision in the bill. But if they are told the truth--and the truth is that they should get this money but it shouldn't be taken out of defense--most of these veterans would like to see it not taken out of defense; they would like to see it taken out of where it belongs.  So, as I say, I am sure there is press conference after press conference rallying all of these people because they are being told they won't get the funding, and I can understand that, but that is not what this Senator wants and what America should have, which is the funding taken out of the accounts of which there is the responsibility of the various committees and subcommittees in Congress and in the Committee on Appropriations. That is what this is all about.  So all I can say is that, as I predicted, the Senator from Illinois raises the issue of all of these things that will lose money. It is not that they will lose money. They will get the money if you do the right thing in the Committee on Appropriations, which is taking it out of the right accounts. To stretch the imagination to say that all of these are because of the men and women in the military is, at best, disingenuous.  