President, I see my colleagues from Kansas and Michigan on the floor, and I know they are here to speak on the GMO issue. I will make a brief statement and cut short what I planned on saying so they can take the floor on this important and pending issue.  The Senate Republican leader came to the floor this morning and congratulated the Senate on the fact we passed, on a bipartisan basis, the Puerto Rico legislation necessary to deal with the financial disaster they face. We did that last week, truly in a bipartisan way. The Republican leader said this morning we need to keep our focus on serious issues, but then he comes to us with four bills that he requests we take up during the abbreviated session we have this week and next week, and among those four bills are two he acknowledges are clearly only introduced for the political impact, for the message, they might deliver.  One bill that is being promoted by the junior Senator from Pennsylvania is a bill relating to sanctuary cities. This measure was largely considered and voted on only 8 months ago and defeated in the Senate. Why are we bringing it back today? Well, there has been some candor on the Republican side. The Senator who is offering this measure is up for reelection. He believes this is an important ``message amendment'' that he needs to take back to his home State of Pennsylvania, and he wants to make sure the Senate takes up this measure before the Republican convention, which starts up in a couple weeks. This is a political tactic that is sadly going to eat up the time of the Senate with the same ultimate result. Senator Toomey's sanctuary bill will not pass, but it gives him something to talk about when he goes home and perhaps something to give a speech about at the Republican convention.  Going back to the Senate Republican leader's suggestion that we ought to be focusing in a bipartisan way on serious issues, the first suggestion out of the box on a message amendment is clearly being done for political purposes only. The second measure is one that is brought to the floor at the request of Senator Ted Cruz, the junior Senator from Texas. This will bring us back to some debate over immigration, again,on what is known as Kate's Law and the suggestion by Senator Cruz that we create a new mandatory minimum criminal sentence.  On its face, this measure is unacceptable and unaffordable. It would criminalize, with mandatory minimum sentencing, conduct that would affect thousands of people who have crossed over the border into the United States undocumented. Of course, the Senator from Texas wants this message amendment during this abbreviated short session before the Republican convention, which I assume he will be speaking to, in order to make his political point.  So here we are with the Republican leader first congratulating us on being bipartisan on serious issues and then turning around and two of the four things he suggests we do these 2 weeks have no chance to pass. One at least has been voted on within the last 8 months on the floor of the Senate, and they have acknowledged they are only offering these amendments to give the Senators who are making the requests a chance to make some political hay in the weeks and days before the Republican convention in Cleveland.  Why? Because the ``presumptive,'' as they call him, Republican nominee for President wants to focus on immigration. As a consequence, those who are lining up behind him, like the junior Senator from Pennsylvania, want to have some arguing points to make to support Donald Trump's candidacy and his position on immigration.  It is a sad reality that 3 years ago, on the floor of the Senate, we actually did something constructive on the issue of immigration. With the votes of 14 Republicans joining the Democrats, we passed bipartisan, comprehensive immigration reform. Sadly, that measure died in the House when they wouldn't even consider that bill or any bill on the issue. We had a constructive alternative, and it passed here in a bipartisan fashion on a serious issue. Yet, since then, the Republicans have stonewalled and stopped every effort to constructively deal with immigration.  The two measures before us, by Senators from Pennsylvania and Texas, should be taken for what they are. They are political posturing before the Republican National Convention. They are efforts so these two Senators will have something to talk about or brag about at the Cleveland convention, but they do not take us to the serious issues we still face; issues such as the GMO compromise, an important issue because of measures taken by some States; issues such as funding for Zika, a measure which passed the Senate 89 to 1 in a strong bipartisan vote and then went over to the House and languished in a conference committee and finally was reported out with no Democratic signatories to the conference report. That measure has been defeated once, and the Senate Republican leader said we will just go call the same measure again, with obviously the same outcome.  We still have questions on funding on Zika, questions about funding on opioid abuse. These are serious measures that should be taken up rather than these so-called message amendments being offered by the other side.  I yield the floor.  