President, eventually this evening, we will be voting on GMO labeling. As I mentioned earlier, this is the most politically contentious and divisive issue I can ever remember. I have been in Congress for a few years. Whenever this comes up in our caucus, it is going to be a heated argument. It evokes so many emotions, not just among the members of our caucus but certainly with the American people. It gets down to some basic questions.  If you are dealing with a food product that has bioengineered contents or genetically modified content, there are several questions we need to ask. The first question is, Should the consumer know this? Well, 92 percent of Americans believe, yes, they have a right to know if there is GMO content in the food they eat. That is what the polls show--92 percent. That is an overwhelming number when you have lived with polls as long as most of us have.  Then you ask a question, delving into it: Is that because GMO modified food is dangerous to a consumer?  I think the answer is very clear that the scientific analyses of GMO food have not reached that conclusion. They believe--the National Academy of Sciences and others--that GMO food by itself is not dangerous to consumers. That is the scientific evidence. Nevertheless, there is this strong public opinion that people want to know whether GMOs are part of the food that they are consuming.  I have done some research on this, and I am sure every Member has tried to look at this very carefully. The one article that has stuck with me through the entire debate was published in the New England Journal of Medicine in August of 2015 last year. It was about a year ago when two doctors, Dr. Philip Landrigan and Dr. Charles Benbrook, published this article in what I think is highly regarded as a nonpolitical professional medical journal, the New England Journal of Medicine.  They go through an analysis of GMO in foods. They acknowledge at the outset what I have already said--that there is no scientific evidence of danger if there is GMO content in your food. Then they take it to a different level--an important level, as far as I am concerned. Is there any difference in the way GMO products or plants are grown? The answer is yes, and it was designed to be different. This was inspired initially by Monsanto, a company that has a major presence in my State. It was designed to create a seed corn that they made and sold that was resistant to an herbicide--that is a weedkiller--Roundup or glyphosate. They were selling the seed corn, which obviously is a source of profit for them and then encouraging the farmers who bought it to use this weedkiller or herbicide in their fields, saying this herbicide would not hurt the corn crop, just the weeds.  These two doctors of the New England Journal of Medicine then proceeded to analyze what happened next. What happened was that over time, there were weeds that were becoming more and more resistant to Roundup--stronger, thicker, bigger weeds. To put it a different way, Mother Nature was not cooperating with Monsanto. Weeds were appearing that they didn't anticipate. So they decided to apply even more of this herbicide, this weedkiller called Roundup, to see if that controlled the problem, and it didn't. They had to add another weedkiller--another herbicide--2,4-D, which has a long history in the United States, and then they started combining the two, hoping to stop the weeds with this new combination.  The net result, which these two doctors published in this article of the New England Journal of Medicine, was a dramatic increase in this glyphosate--this Roundup, that was being applied across the world. Roundup-ready crops now account for more than 90 percent of corn and soybeans planted in the United States. They go on to say:       But widespread adoption of herbicide-resistant crops has      led to overreliance on herbicides and, in particular, on      glyphosate.       In the United States, glyphosate use has increased by a      factor of more than 250--from 0.4 million kg in 1974 to 113      million kg in 2014. Global use has increased by a factor of      more than 10. Not surprisingly, glyphosate-resistant weeds      have emerged and are found today on nearly 100 million acres      in 36 states. Fields must now be treated with multiple      herbicides, including 2,4-D, a component of the Agent Orange      defoliant used in the Vietnam War.  The EPA anticipates that a 3-to-7-fold increase in 2,4-D use will be the result of these Roundup resistant weeds. Is that important? I think it is very important. It is important because we know that if you apply large quantities of chemicals to our agricultural fields, you may produce and harvest a big crop, but there is an environmental risk. How much of a risk depends on the chemicals being provided, being used by the farmers.  If GMO foods on your table are not a concern to your family because of scientific analysis, there is another question. Is the method that is being used to grow these Roundup-resistant crops, these GMO crops, an environmental danger to anyone? These two doctors came to a conclusion that it is--a determination in 2015 that glyphosate is a probable human carcinogen and 2,4-D is a possible human carcinogen.  Because of the link between these chemicals and cancer, these two doctors have concluded that labeling is important so consumers know that they are consuming products that on the table are no danger but that may have called for the use of more chemicals leading to more environmental danger. They conclude that there should be labeling. It is a different approach, but it is one that I think is valid, and it comes from a totally nonpolitical source--the New England Journal of Medicine.  The question then comes, if we are going to have labeling, what kind of labeling? I mentioned earlier today--and I want to repeat it--that my hat is off to the Campbell Soup Company. They have been around a long time. They put out information in a press release in January of this year announcing that they supported the enactment of Federal legislation to establish a single mandatory labeling standard for foods derived from genetically modified organisms.  They went on to say that Campbell's believes it is necessary for the Federal Government to provide a national standard for labeling requirements to better inform consumers. I agree.  They go on to say that the notion of every State setting a labeling standard is madness. It would be impossible for major food manufacturers to keep up with the variety of different labeling requirements, and it isn't practical in a nation like ours for us to really accommodate that kind of labeling requirement.  Campbell's has stepped forward and said we don't believe that GMOs in our product are any danger to consumers, and we are prepared to declare on our product, in clear words, whether or not they contain genetically modified organisms. I think this is a responsible corporate answer to a vexing problem we faced for years.  I salute Campbell's for trusting consumers and trusting their ability to convince consumers the food they are selling is wholesome. I wish the food industry had followed the Campbell's motto, but the bill we have before us does not. It provides three different opportunities to disclose on food products--mandatory--whether or not they contain genetically modified organisms. One is a simple declaration: GMO, non-GMO. The second is using something that will be developed by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and that consumers will come to learn--a signal or some sort of a sign or symbol as to whether GMO is included.  It is the third approach that troubles me the most. I have said this over and over to the people in the food industry across America who support this approach. I call this the secret decoder ring approach. What it means is, if you are a consumer walking into a store buying groceries for your family, you will be facing what is known as a QR. I am learning as it goes on what thismeans. It is one of those little boxes with squiggles in it, which makes no sense to you as you look at it, but it can be read by a computer. That reading would then signal whether or not you receive additional information. I think that is deceptive. I think it is unnecessary, and I think Campbell's has the right approach.  The QR codes would literally have consumers who want to know--and 92 percent do want to know--about the GMOs in their food either use their cell phones on the products they are about to buy in the grocery store or turn to some reader in the grocery store that will give them a page or two of information about the contents. I really believe that is an attempt to obfuscate the situation. I think most consumers will rightly assume that if there is not a clear declaration on the product which shows that it is non-GMO, that it contains GMOs.  I think the food industry is taking an approach which can't be defended with a straight face. Can you really expect a busy consumer--a mother with children in her shopping cart to pull out her cell phone and stop at every can of soup to try to get a reading and then read her cell phone to see if there is a page or two of information about that product? That isn't fair to consumers, and that is why major consumer organizations oppose this bill. It is one of the major reasons I oppose the bill as well.  If there were a declaration, such as a symbol, or straight acknowledgement of wording as to whether the product contains GMOs or is non-GMO, which every seasoned consumer would come to understand, I think that is an honest approach. I don't think it is reasonable or honest to expect a consumer to have to scan a QR code and then have to read their cell phone to determine what is in the product.  Let me conclude by saying I salute those who have taken up this battle. Many have taken this up for many different reasons. It has been a vexing and contentious issue for a long period of time. I do not support State labeling. We have to avoid that. I do support honest disclosures on food products so American consumers who rightly believe they have a right to know have a way of finding that information in a way that is reasonable.  I also want to add that it is my understanding that there is a 2-year delay in terms of imposing this requirement. I don't know why 2 years would be necessary. It would seem to me that if Campbell's can move on this more quickly, the rest of the food industry should be able to do so as well.  I thank the Senator from Oregon, who has been working hard on this issue.  I yield the floor.  