President, 15 years ago I introduced a bill called the DREAM Act. The DREAM Act was designed to give children brought to the United States by their parents, who were undocumented, a chance--a path toward legalization, a path toward citizenship. These were people, now in their teens and early 20s, who were brought to the United States as infants and children. It was not their conscious decision to come to this country; it was a decision by their parents. They have grown up in the United States.  It is estimated that 2.5 million young people came to this country under these circumstances. So many of them have done everything they have been asked to do--completed their education, stood up in a classroom every morning and pledged allegiance to that flag--the only flag they have ever known, become part of America, excelled academically, started dreaming about what they might do as Americans to make their lives better and this country better.  But the law in the United States is very harsh when it comes to these young people. In its bleakest terms, the law says they have to leave the United States for 10 years and petition to come back in. Here they are, 18, 19 years of age, being told: Now that you have graduated from high school, whatever your status, leave. Go back somewhere where you cannot ever remember living and wait 10 years.  So I introduced the DREAM Act, and I said: If these young people have completed their education, if they have no serious criminal issues, if they are prepared to come forward, serve their country in the military or finish their college education, we will give them a path to citizenship.  Fifteen years of waiting--I can remember when these galleries were filled with young people, DREAMers, undocumented young people who sat one Saturday morning in their caps and gowns in the gallery, praying that we would pass the DREAM Act and give them a chance to become part of the only country they have ever known.  The measure failed on the floor of the Senate. It was a brokenhearted moment for me, facing these young people, many of them in tears, sobbing, not knowing what their lives would lead to. I said to them: If you will not give up on me, I am not going to give up on you. Let's keep working at this.  I sent a letter in April of 2010 to my friend, the President of the United States, who had been a cosponsor of the DREAM Act, and I said to President Obama: Can you do something? Can you do something to allow these young people to have a chance? Give them a chance. And he did.  He came through with a program called DACA. This deferred action program was really designed to give these young people a temporary stay from deportation. It is only temporary, for several years. But in order to get that stay, they had to come forward; they had to register with the government, pay a filing fee, make sure all their vital information had been disclosed, and go through a thorough criminal background check. Then, if they got a job, they would pay their taxes, as required of every person living in this country, and they would have a temporary stay of deportation to stay here, go to school, or work. Several years later, they would have to do it all over again and go through the same background check and pay the same fees.  The President signed that Executive action and said it was within his authority as Chief Executive to decide what are the highest priorities as to who should be deported from the United States.  The President rightly said: Let's go after felons and dangerous criminals. They shouldn't be part of our country.  Why would we go after these young people who only want to complete their education and be a positive part of our future? So the President signed the Executive action for DACA.  Sometime later came an opportunity to consider families in similar circumstances. Most people have a mistaken notion that if you are undocumented, everybody in your home is undocumented. I haven't found that to be the case. More often than not, only one parent would be undocumented. The father may be an American citizen. All the kids may be American citizens, but mom may be undocumented.  The President put in another proposal and said: In those circumstances where you have someone undocumented in the country with a child who is an American citizen, you can apply for what is known as DAPA, which gave them the same temporary stay of deportation. You had to pay your filing fee, go through a criminal background check, pay taxes on any money you earned, and for a temporary period of time, you would not be deported.  When the President signed that second Executive action, a number of Governors, Republicans from across the States, filed an action to stop the implementation of the President's Executive action. That is a big deal. It literally affects millions of people in this country who are undocumented. These Governors argued that if they were forced, for example, in the State of Texas to give drivers' licenses to undocumented people, they would have administrative expenses so the President's order would create a hardship on their State. Of course, what they failed to acknowledge was these new people under the Executive order would be paying taxes, legally paying their taxes to the Federal and State government, and they would pay any fee necessary to get a driver's license imposed by the State of Texas.  The case went before the Supreme Court. The decision was handed down a few minutes ago. The decision of the Supreme Court, sadly, shows the terrible human cost of the Senate Republican strategy to recklessly refuse to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court created by the death of Justice Scalia.  You know what happened several months ago when Justice Scalia was on a hunting trip and sadly passed away, to the shock of everyone. There was a vacancy on the Supreme Court. The President of the United States did what he was supposed to do. In article II of the Constitution, there is a requirement the President fill the vacancies on the Supreme Court. Why would the Founding Fathers put a requirement on the President? They understood some President could play games with vacancies on the Court.  They said: No, you have to send your nominee's name to the U.S. Senate where we will have the opportunity to advise and consent as to that nominee.  The President met his responsibility. Judge Merrick Garland works for the DC Court of Appeals. In fact, he is the Chief Judge of the DC Circuit. The President sent his name to fill the Scalia vacancy.  Is Merrick Garland qualified? The American Bar Association this week said what we already knew: Merrick Garland is unanimously well-qualified for the position. The President's nominee at that point would come before the Senate. In the history of the United States, we have never ever denied a nominee for the Supreme Court vacancy a hearing and a vote in the United States--never--until this very moment when the Republican leadership in the U.S. Senate said: No, we are not going to fill the vacancy because we are hoping our Presidential candidate--in this case, Mr. Donald Trump--will be able to fill that vacancy so we will keep the vacancy open for our dream candidate, President Donald Trump.  It is the first time in the history of the United States, the Senate has turned its back on a Presidential request to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court.  We warned the Republicans this could create some problems. Today we see exactly the kind of problem that can be created. The ``human cost of Senate Republicans' reckless refusal to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court'' is going to be felt by literally millions of people. Today the Supreme Court failed to resolve the legal challenge to DAPA and expanded DACA, the Executive orders of President. The result of that 4-to-4 tie vote leaves millions of families across America in legal limbo.  I urge this Justice Department to consider all the legal options to swiftly overturn the injunction that is blocking President Obama from using his legal authority to set immigration enforcement priorities. DAPA and an expanded DACA will make our country safer and allow law-abiding individuals with deep roots in our communities to step out of the shadows and contribute more fully to the country they love.  A tie vote on the U.S. Supreme Court--I can't remember the last time that happened. It happens very rarely. It didn't have to happen. If the Senate Republican majority had done its job, had faced its constitutional responsibility, held a hearing for Merrick Garland and voted him up or down, I have confidence he would have been approved and been a member of this U.S. Supreme Court. We could have avoided what we now face--a split Court, 4 to 4, which cannot resolve critical and controversial issues.  The net result of the Republican refusal to fill that vacancy is to create an injustice across America for millions living in this country, an uncertainty about their future. That is the height of constitutional irresponsibility, and it played out across the street and was announced just minutes ago. This is what happens when the Senate Republicans refuse to do their job, when they say we are going to play politics with filling a vacancy on the Supreme Court. We are going to hope and pray Donald Trump will come forward and fill this vacancy with somebody we like a little better than the nominee of President Obama.  It is a sad day, and now we know what this constitutional irresponsibility by the Senate Republicans has done. It has created a fractured Court. It has split our Nation in terms of the law. It has derogated one of the most important institutions in our government. I hope a few Republicans will step up and realize that waiting for President Trump to fill this vacancy is the wrong answer.  We need to accept the Constitution's mandate to move quickly to fill this vacancy as quickly as possible. In the meantime, with the split Court decision, we need to call on our Justice Department to do everything possible to try to find a path toward a just resolution, which the Supreme Court was unable to find today.  I yield the floor.  