President, I am going to wrap up. I see the majority leader is on the floor, but I know he is a big sports fan.  Catcher David Ross, playing in the final game of his career, made history when he hit a home run in the fifth inning of game 7 to give the Chicago Cubs a 6-to-3 lead. At 39 years of age, almost 40--a senior by baseball standards--Ross became the oldest player ever to hit a home run in World Series game 7.  Kyle Schwarber--what a comeback--tore his ACL in the third game of the season and worked his whole season in physical rehab to try to come back. He made it just in time to play in the World Series. He ignited the Cubs' 10th inning rally in game 7 with a lead-off single and finished the Series with a .412 average and two RBIs.  And then there is Ben Zobrist, the pride of Eureka, IL, and the MVP of 2016.  I want to also congratulate the Cleveland Indians' manager Terry Francona and their entire organization and one of their best and most loyal fans, Senator Sherrod Brown. As Terry Francona said after game 7, they tried until there was nothing left.  The epicenter of Cubs Nation is on the North Side of Chicago, but it is much bigger. It reaches across America. The Cubs Nation has fans in every city. Probably the most amazing parade I have ever attended--and I have been to hundreds--was the Cubs' victory parade. They estimated the crowd at 5 million. I tell you what, I think they are right. The population of the city of Chicago is 2\1/2\ million, just to give an idea of how many they drew.  I will close with a short story. Although that 108 years between World Series victories brought much heartache to the Cubs Nation, there was joy after the drought. Quite a bit of that joy was listening to the legendary broadcaster who preceded Harry Caray as the voice of the Cubs. His name was Jack Brickhouse--or just ``Brick'' to his friends. He was born in Peoria and he was the first voice of the Cubs. He was the play-by-play announcer from 1948 until 1981. He called games for the White Sox, the Bears, and the Bulls. No wonder he is in both the Baseball and the Broadcasters Hall of Fame.  On May 12, 1970, he was in the broadcaster's booth when ``Mr. Cub,'' the great Ernie Banks, reached a milestone few players ever achieve. Pat Jarvis was pitching for the Braves, and this is how Brickhouse called the play:       Jarvis fires away. That's a fly ball, deep to left, back .      . . Hey! Hey! Ernie Banks got number 500! Everybody on your      feet. This . . . is . . . it!  And then Jack Brickhouse added his signature refrain: ``Wheeeeee!''  When the Cubs won this World Series, I suspect that up in Heaven Brickhouse, Caray, Banks, Santo, and countless other Cubs' players joined those fans who had been waiting for that World Series for 108 years. At long last, the Cubs are baseball's real champions.  I yield the floor.  