President, I had hoped to offer two amendments to the continuing resolution, CR, we are considering to fund government operations through April 28, 2017. I want to say from the outset that I am disappointed the Republican majority has decided to consider another CR rather than pass full appropriations bills.  This is an abdication of our responsibility to govern, and there are real negative effects for the American people. As vice chairman of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I can tell you that 4 more months of a CR poses significant funding issues for the Department of Defense, DOD.  Given the thousands of funding lines that make up the DOD budget and the changing needs from one fiscal year to the next, it does not work to simply continue spending from year to year. For example, rolling the fiscal year 2016 DOD budget into fiscal year 2017 means that procurement accounts are overfunded by $6 billion, while operations and maintenance accounts--those primarily concerned with maintaining military readiness--are underfunded by $12 billion. This is not the support our men and women in uniform deserve.  To mitigate the worst of these effects, the bill before us contains a very small number of changes to particular funding needs, so-called anomalies. The two amendments I filed today suggest two more such changes, to ensure that important DOD medical research efforts and significant increases in spending for Israeli missile defense programs move forward.  Just this summer, during the consideration of the fiscal year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act, the Senate voted in a strong, bipartisan fashion to maintain a comprehensive DOD medical research program. We debated at great length the important contributions DOD medical research continues to make for our Active Duty personnel and their families, as well as our military retirees, veterans, and the American public.  Under a CR, because the bulk of DOD research dollars--over $1 billion--are added by Congress, much of this work will stop cold. No new projects will be funded, with impacts on fiscal year 2016 research projects as well. Passing this amendment will ensure that this critical work and medical advances for our soldiers, airmen, sailors, and marines are not delayed by allowing $1.8 billion contained in the fiscal year 2017 Defense Appropriations bill to be spent.  At the same time, over the last decade, Congress has overwhelmingly supported significant increases for Israeli missile defense programs, including Iron Dome, David's Sling, and Arrow. The fiscal year 2017 Defense Appropriations bill includes a $113 million increase for these programs--totaling $600.7 million--and this spending is necessary to get new technologies into the field in a timely manner.  I think we can all agree that 7-month CRs are not the way we should be funding our government. While we should be considering all of our appropriations bills, passing both of these amendments would enable important programs to maximize their impacts in fiscal year 2017.  