President, do the math. A Federal prisoner held in a Federal prison in America today costs us about $30,000 a year. The most serious and dangerous criminal prisoners held in the Federal prison system are put in supermax facilities for $86,000 a year. That is the cost. Not a single prisoner has ever escaped from a supermax facility in the United States--ever. It costs $30,000 for routine prisoners and $86,000 for the most dangerous.  What does it cost us to incarcerate one detainee each year at Guantanamo? It costs $5 million apiece--$5 million for each detainee. The budget to keep Guantanamo open is about $500 million a year, and we have fewer than 100 detainees there, and there is a request for another $200 million in construction at Guantanamo. So when Senators come to the floor and say we have got to keep Guantanamo open for fewer than 100 detainees, one obviously has to ask the question: Is there another place they can be held just as safely, just as securely, at considerably less cost? The answer is obvious. The answer is clear. The supermax Federal prisons can hold anyone convicted of terrorism, serial murder, or heinous crimes, and can hold them securely without any fear of escape.  The argument was made by the Senator from Kentucky: Well, if we are going to put terrorists in prisons across America instead of Guantanamo, that is a danger to the community. Really?  I represent the State of Illinois. We have the Marion Federal Prison in southern Illinois. We have a lot of good men and women who work there. What are we doing? For $30,000 a year, we are holding convicted terrorists in the Marion Federal prison. I have been a Senator for Illinois for 20 years. How many times have I received complaints that terrorists were being incarcerated at the Marion Federal penitentiary? None--not one, not one time.  So for the symbol of maintaining Guantanamo, we are going to continue to spend $5 million a year per detainee. This bill before us, the Defense authorization bill, will continue that.  If we are looking to save some money that taxpayers are giving to our government and perhaps should be spent in better ways, let's start with Guantanamo. The President is right that if they are a danger to America and the world, they could be safely held in other prisons across the United States at a fraction of the cost of what we are spending at Guantanamo. Those who call themselves fiscal conservatives cannot ignore that obvious argument.  Let me say a word. I support Senator Shaheen's provision when it comes to the Afghans who helped us. It is a good provision. These men and women risked their lives for us and for the men and women in uniform. We need to allow them to come safely to the United States and be in a position where they can have peace of mind that they are not going to be killed because they are friends of America. I think her provision is a good one. I am anxious to support it.  Let me just say on the state of play on amendments that I have an amendment that I consider to be very important. I offered it over a week ago, so Members have had more than enough time to take a look at it. I will describe it in very simple terms, instead of going into a long explanation, although I certainly have one ready.  Basically, within this bill--and S. 2943, the National Defense Authorization Act, is a big bill--there is about $524 billion in spending for our Department of Defense. I want America to always be safe, always have the best, and I want us to invest in the men and women of our military because we believe in them, their families, and our veterans.  There is a provision in this bill, though, that troubles me greatly. It is an effort to eliminate a program known as the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Programs. How big is this medical research program? It is $1.3 billion. It is less than two-tenths of 1 percent of the total expenditure for the Department of Defense.  Is it important? I think it is very important. For 25 years, the Department of Defense medical research has come through with breakthrough financing to eliminate concerns, and it gives hope to members of the military, their families, and to everybody living across America.  I remember when it started. I was a Member of the House of Representatives. It was 1992. One group came forward--the Breast Cancer Coalition. They said: We need a reliable place to turn for a steady investment in breast cancer research. That is what started the program.  It is true that breast cancer is not limited to the military. But it is also true that there is a higher incidence of breast cancer among women in our military than in the general population for reasons we still don't understand. So is this an important issue to the military and the rest of America? Of course, it is. Over the last 25 years, we have invested more than $3 billion in breast cancer research through this program. Has it been worth it? I can tell you it has. Through their research, they developed a drug called Herceptin. The Department of Defense medical research developed this drug Herceptin to fight breast cancer.  One of my colleagues here in the Senate told me this morning that the life of his wife was saved by this drug, Herceptin. I was downstairs for a press conference just a few minutes ago. Another woman came up to me and said that her life was saved. She was diagnosed with breast cancer, and Herceptin saved her life. That was a part of the investment in the Department of Defense medical research program that paid off. I can go on--and I will later--about other investments that have paid off, not just for the members of the military and their families but for all of America.  What is proposed in this bill is the largest cut in medical research since sequestration in Congress. We asked the Department of Defense: If the provisions of this bill that are being asked for are put in place, what impact will it have on medical research programs in the Department of Defense? They said it would effectively eliminate them.  This proposal in this bill will swamp medical research programs in the Department of Defense with more redtape than they have ever seen. An example of this is that this Department of Defense authorization bill calls for an annual audit of every entity applying for medical research grants from the Department of Defense. The audit requirements are the same as for the largest defense contractors in the United States. We have never held other entities other than the largest defense contractors to these standards. It will require an additional 2,400 audits a year by the Department of Defense.  Well, does the agency that does the auditing have the extra personnel? Do they have work that needs to be done? It turns out that they have $43 billion in existing contracts that have not been audited, and this bill will pile on 2,400 more audits. It will slow down any effort to promote medical research, and it will dramatically increase the overhead costs for that medical research.  Surely, there must be some scandal in this program that led to the conclusion that we need all this redtape. But the answer is no. The close scrutiny and investigation of the Institute of Medicine and other entities have found that this program over the years has been a good program. It has had some mistakes, but only a handful when you look at the thousands of medical research grants that have been given.  I am going to ask for an opportunity to offer this amendment to strike the provisions which basically kill the Department of Defense medical research program that is directed by Congress.  We don't earmark what entities are going to get the grants. It is a competitive, peer-reviewed process. I want to make sure this amendment gets a vote, and, after that vote, I will be more than happy to move forward on all the amendments on this bill. It is an important bill, and I hope we can pass it at the end of the day.  