President, I wish to say a few words about Harry Reid, our departing, retiring, Democratic leader. It is appropriate he is not on the floor because it is painful for him to sit and hear anybody say anything nice about him. I am sure he is going to be happy not hearing these words, but I want the rest of the folks following the proceedings in the Senate to hear them.  I was first elected to the House of Representatives the same year as Harry, 1982. A friend of mine, who is an attorney in Chicago named Ed Joyce, said: Be sure and look up this Harry Reid from Nevada because he is a great fellow and a great lawyer. So I did. We came in with a large class of over 50 Members. I went up to Harry and said: Hi. I am Dick Durbin from Illinois. We have a mutual friend in Chicago.  He said: Well, great. I am looking forward to working with you.  I said: So are you headed up to Harvard for the orientation? I will see you up there.  He said: No, I am headed to Kansas City. We have settlement conference in a personal injury lawsuit that I couldn't miss.  And I thought to myself, this is some lawyer. Up to the bitter end of his legal career, he was still devoted to the cause of representing clients and representing them effectively. When Harry makes a commitment, he keeps it. I knew at that moment and I have known it ever since.  Four years later, he was in the Senate, I was still in the House, but the day came when I finally got elected to the Senate and joined Harry Reid.  I know we had a good friendship to start because we came to the House together, but I remember the day and I remember the moment when that friendship became something special. It was right there in the well of the Senate.  The most important bill in Harry's political career was up for a vote. It was on Yucca Mountain.  He came before the rollcall was being announced and he said: How are you going to vote?  I said: Well, Harry, I have kind of mixed feelings on this.  He said: Stop. I need you. I think I have enough votes, but I may need you. So can you promise that if I need your vote you will be there?  I said: Well, all right.  But he said: But I don't think I will need your vote.  You know what happened next. They called the roll, and at the very end, one of the Democratic Senators he counted on voted the other way. He turned to me and said: Well?  I said: I am giving you my word.  And I voted with Harry Reid on Yucca Mountain.  That was the moment when our friendship became solid. In this business, your word is your bond. When you promise somebody you are going to stick with them come heck or high water, that is when it is tested.  Our friendship grew from that point. I didn't know the time would come, but it did, amazingly, when Tom Daschle lost in the Senate race in South Dakota. The next day, I got a call from Harry Reid. He said: I hope you will consider running for whip. You ought to call every Member of the caucus, and I did.  I quickly learned that many of them had called him and said: Whom do you want to be your whip? And he said: Well, I think Durbin would be a good choice.  That is why I am sitting here today.  Twelve years later, I am still serving as Harry Reid's whip and still counting the votes on key issues, and during those 12 years, I probably spent more time talking to Harry Reid, my colleague in the Senate, than to any other Member of this body. It is a close, personal friendship and relationship, and we have gone through a lot together.  I listened to his stories. He told some of them today. He returns to his youth, growing up in Searchlight, which we heard about today in just wonderful detail, but he also returns to all of those friendships that were made during those years with people he grew up with in Searchlight and in Henderson, where he went to school. I have come to know these people as if they were my own classmates because I have heard these stories so many times. It is part of who he is, and it is part of his value system. It explains some important decisions in his life.  When he talks about the Affordable Care Act, we understand that he still remembers that his mother needed dentures, and he saved up money to buy his mother a set of teeth. He thought about the fact that there was no medical care for his family when they needed it the most. He thought about the depression that took his father's life and how that might have been averted with the right medical care. That is what has inspired him to public life.  The one thing that has inspired him the most is Landra. Over and over, I have heard these stories about this courtship. Now, by most standards, getting married when you are 19 is not recommended but, clearly, in this case, it worked out beautifully. When he tells the story of how he finally got Landra to marry him, it appears there was a little bit of tension between Landra's family and this young Harry Reid, to the point where Landra's dad basically said to him: Stay away; I don't want you dating my daughter. Well, they had words and other things, and Harry insisted. He dated Landra, and they were married. The interesting thing about that is that despite that tension with her father in those early years, Harry wears a ring that her father used to wear, and he carries it around with pride in memory of her father and her family. He manages to keep those memories as part of his life and his inspiration.  Another thing my colleagues may or may not know is that Harry is a voracious reader. He reads books constantly. Even after he lost the sight in his right eye, he has continued to read. I love to read as well. It has been one of my real joys in life, exchanging books with Harry. He reads everything under the sun. One time he told me he was reading the Koran cover to cover. I thought: Man, that is something I am not sure I could even do. He has this curiosity, this interest in learning. Even at this point in his life, as he nears the end of his public career, he wants to continue to learn about people and history and important things.  I look back on experiences we have had together. It was 9/11 when Harry and I were in a room just a few feet away from here when there was an attack in New York, and in Virginia, and we thought the Capitol would be the next target. We had to race out of this building and stand outside, not knowing which way to turn as we were afraid that we were the next target here at the U.S. Capitol. Those were moments we spent together that I won't forget.  I remember as well that he was one of the first to say to my junior Senator from Illinois, Barack Obama, that he should seriously consider running for President. President Obama the other night said that was one of the most important pieces of advice he received inmaking his decision to be a candidate for President of the United States. It is an indication of Harry's credibility--how much people trust him, and how when he gives his word, you know he is going to be there.  When President Obama was elected, he needed a person--more than one, but he certainly needed a leader in the Senate whom he could count on. He couldn't have had a better ally than Harry Reid. When I look back on the battles over the last 8 years that were waged on behalf of America and Harry's leadership role with the President, there wasn't another person in this Chamber who could really take as much credit. He would be the last person in the world to do so.  When it came to the stimulus package to turn this economy around, it was Harry Reid counting the votes. It was Harry Reid working every single day the holding hands of those Members of the Senate who weren't quite sure they could be there when he needed them.  It was Harry Reid who was counting up to 60 votes to pass the Affordable Care Act. It took every single Democrat. Not a single Republican would join us in that effort. And Harry Reid had to do it. What was he up against? He was up against Ted Kennedy, who sadly was giving his life up to cancer at that moment and fighting to stay alive until he could vote for that important bill. It was Harry Reid working with other Members of the Senate who would get cold feet on the issue and had to be brought back in. He did it time and again, day after day after day. In the end, 20 million Americans have health insurance because of Harry Reid's determination that what he went through as a kid growing up in Searchlight would not be repeated for families across the United States.  When it came to Wall Street reform and the Frank and Dodd bill that passed through the Senate, Harry stuck with it and made sure we passed it, hoping to avoid the kind of recession we have been through and the damage that was done to businesses and families and individuals all across the United States.  I knew he was a fighter because I knew his record when it came to being a lawyer. There are so many stories about his clients that I have heard over and over. I feel like they were my clients because I have heard those stories so often.  One of the things I remember and read about in his book I want to share with you. There was a woman named Joyce Martinez who was working in Las Vegas, and the police came in to the casino where she was working and arrested her for writing bad checks at the local grocery store. Joyce tried going to several lawyers and kept insisting they were wrong. She had never done anything like that, but none of these lawyers would take the case. Then she met Harry Reid. Harry believed her. Harry said she reminded him of the people he had grown up with--real people who had nothing but hard work as their life. Like many of the cases Harry decided to take, his colleagues said: What are you doing wasting your time on this case? Spend your time on worthwhile cases. But every step of the way, despite the ridicule, Harry decided to stand up for this cocktail waitress. Harry was determined to keep at it and to make sure that she had a strong voice in court. Ultimately, Joyce won her case, and Harry Reid ended up with a victory that he still counted many years later as one of his great successes as a lawyer.  He also made sure the store that brought the charges against her had to follow the law in the future. So he didn't just help Joyce, he helped a lot of other people as well.  For Harry, this is what the law was all about as a lawyer and what it was all about as a Senator--making life better for people and families across the United States.  He has fought for so many important causes, and there is one that I want to give special thanks for. It was his commitment to the DREAM Act. I introduced this legislation 16 years ago when I discovered a young woman in Chicago, undocumented, who sadly couldn't go on with her life and go to college because of her legal status. I introduced the DREAM Act to say those young people brought to the United States as kids deserve a second chance. Harry Reid heard my speeches and then met his own DREAMer in Nevada: Astrid Silva, a DREAMer who would often write to Harry with updates on her life. On December 8, 2010, Harry Reid kept his promise to me and a promise to Astrid and to other DREAMers by allowing the DREAM Act to be brought to the floor for a vote. The Senate Gallery was filled with DREAMers wearing their graduation gowns and caps to remind people they were students who wanted to use their education and talents for the future of America. Fifty-five Senators voted for the DREAM Act that day. Harry had given us our chance. But it wasn't enough to pass because we needed 60 votes under the Senate rules.  Harry Reid joined me and 22 other Senators in sending a letter to the President of the United States asking that he do everything he can to protect these DREAMers, and he did, with an Executive order known as DACA. To date, 744,000 of these young people have been protected with President Obama's Executive order, because Harry Reid believed, as I believe, that these young people deserve the chance.  Let me tell my colleagues one last story that I think really defines Harry--his courage, as well as Landra's courage. It goes back to his days as chairman of the Nevada Gaming Commission. Being a Mormon, not gambling, not drinking, he was the perfect choice for gaming commissioner. It was hard to consider bribing him. In the 1970s, Harry wore a wire for the FBI to catch a bribery attempt. The tape that was transcribed from that wire ends with Harry jumping out of his seat and shouting: You SOB, you tried to bribe me. Harry couldn't tolerate that somebody thought he could be bought.  In an effort to retaliate, the mob was mad at Harry, and they planted a bomb in his family car. Thank goodness, a watchful Landra spotted it and told Harry: Don't start the car. They are alive today because of Landra's vigilance, but they suffered that indignity because of their courage in standing up for ethics and integrity. Today, when we hear people talking about how rough politics can be, it certainly doesn't lead to a bomb, in most circumstances. In this case, Harry proved then and today that he is up to that kind of a challenge.  Let me conclude with this. In Harry's childhood home in Searchlight, there were words embroidered on a pillowcase that his mom hung on the wall. As we have heard, it was a simple and barren little shack that they lived in, but this pillowcase had the following words: ``We can, we will, we must,'' Franklin Delano Roosevelt.  Harry never forgot those words. They are engrained in his spirit. I want to thank him for what he has done for the Senate, for the State of Nevada, for me, and for his decades of service to the United States. I want to thank Landra and their five kids and their wonderful family for sharing her husband and their father with us for all of these years.  Harry is leaving the Senate, but I am sure he is not going to quit. He is going to be fighting for Nevada to the end, and he will be fighting for the causes he believes in. He will continue to be a fearless advocate. I wish him and his family all the best.  I yield the floor.  