President, let me respond to my friend from South Carolina. I keep giving examples of medical research in this program that relate directly to members of the military and their families and to veterans. All I hear back in return is: Well, we ought to be doing this research someplace else. Why? Don't we want the research to be done by the Department that has a special responsibility to the men and women in uniform and their families as well as veterans?  Let me give you another example that I think really helps to tell this story of research that is jeopardized by the McCain language in this authorization bill. Joan Gray graduated from West Point in the first class that included women. She was commissioned in the U.S. Army as a platoon leader, commander, staff officer. After 5 years of service, she sustained a spinal cord injury in a midair collision during a nighttime tactical parachute jump. Joan Gray's wounds required 12 vertebral fusions. She is now an ambulatory paraplegic and a member of the Paralyzed Veterans of America.  Spinal injuries sustained from trauma impact servicemembers deployed overseas and in training. Over 5 percent of combat evacuations in Iraq and Afghanistan were for spinal trauma. Spinal cord injuries require specialized care and support for acute injury, disability adjustment, pain management, quality of life.  Since 2009, Congress has appropriated in this account--which is going to be eliminated by this amendment--over $157 million to research the entire continuum of prehospital care, treatment, and rehab needs for spinal cord injury. The amount and extent of bleeding within the spinal cord can predict how well an individual will recover from a spinal cord injury.  Researchers at Ohio State University and the University of Maryland at Baltimore examined why some injuries cause more or less bleeding. They studied early markers of injury and found an FDA-approved diabetes drug that proved to reduce lesion size and injury duration in spinal cord injuries. At the University of Pennsylvania, researchers have studied how to facilitate surviving nerve axons to grow across an injury site after spinal cord trauma to improve nerve generation and functionality.  Is this research important? I would say it is. It is certainly important to those who serve us. It is important to their families as well. It should be important to all of us. Why are we cutting corners when it comes to medical research for our military and our veterans? Why is this account, which is less than two-tenths of 1 percent of this total budget, the target they want to cut? Medical research for the military and the veterans--every single grant that is approved has to go through the test of military relevance.  It isn't a question of dreaming up some disease that might have an application someplace in the world. A panel looks at the research that is requested and asks: Does this have relevance today to our military and their families and veterans as well? If it doesn't pass this test, it is finished. That is why I am fighting to protect this money. So much has come out of this that it is of value to the men and women in uniform and veterans. Putting this new procedure in here making them go through the procurement requirements that we have for the largest defense contractors in America is unnecessary, burdensome, and will delay this process and make it more expensive.  I would like to hear from the other side one example of abuse in these research grants that would justify changing the rules that have been in place for 24 years. Come up with that example. You are going to be hard-pressed to find it. After more than 2,000 of these grants a year for years--it has gone on for 24 years--I am waiting for the first example.  What I think is really at stake here is an effort to make it more difficult, more cumbersome, and less appealing to the universities to do this kind of research, and we will be the lesser for it.  