President, ACICS has shown time and again that it is not a reliable authority when it comes to the quality of an education. It is not a responsible steward of taxpayers' dollars.  Follow the money in this case. Think of schools like Corinthian that took billions of dollars out of the Federal Treasury through loans that are assigned to students and paid into Corinthian so they can maintain their operations and pay handsome salaries to their CEO. Now they go bankrupt, and at that point the students of Corinthian have a choice. They can keep their worthless semester hours from Corinthian and keep their debt or they can walk away from both. Well, many of them choose to walk away. When they walk away, they have wasted years of their lives, but even more important, taxpayers have just taken a beating.  These are corrupt capitalist ventures that rely, for 85 to 95 percent of their revenue, directly on the Federal Government. These are not free market entities. These are not private corporations. It is crony capitalism at its worst.  So, today, I want to commend the Department of Education for making its recommendations to NACIQI to withdraw ACICS' federal approval. I hope this is the beginning of the end for this awful organization that has been complicit in defrauding students and the fleecing of taxpayers by major for-profit education companies for way too long.  I encourage the Department to continue to remain steadfast in its current position and to ensure that the students and institutions that ACICS currently accredits are well informed that this process is under way.  Finally, I will say that ridding our higher education system of ACICS is a good first step, but more needs to be done to reform it. In the coming weeks, I will be introducing an accreditation reform bill with several of my colleagues, and I hope this issue will be front and center during the Senate's consideration of a Higher Education Act reauthorization in the next Congress.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  