President, I would like to respond to my friend from South Carolina. We are friends. We have worked on a lot of things together. I hope we will continue to do so in the future. We clearly see this issue differently today.  Two-tenths of 1 percent of the Department of Defense appropriations will go for medical research--about $1 billion in a budget of $524 billion. It is not an outrageous amount. We are not funding medical research at the expense of being able to defend America. Hardly anyone would argue that, but a small percentage would. I can make an argument--and I have tried effectively here--that when it comes to the medical research that is being done through the Department of Defense, it is extraordinary.  We have achieved so much for a minimal investment in so many different areas. I could go through the list--and I will--of those areas of research that have made such a big difference. I also want to say that there are 149 universities, veterans organizations, and medical advocacy groups that support the amendment that I offered today. The reason they support it is that what has been suggested--that this is not just another procedural requirement being placed in front of these institutions that want to do medical research--really understates the impact it will have.  The Department of Defense itself, after analyzing the McCain language that comes to us on this bill, said it will create a burden, a delay, additional overhead costs. The one thing we have not heard from Chairman McCain or anyone on his side of the issue is what is the reason for this? Why are we changing a process that has been used for 24 years? Has there been evidence of scandal, of waste, of abuse?  Out of the thousands and thousands of research grants that have been given, only a handful have raised questions, and very few of those go to the integrity of the process. It has been a question about the medical procedure that was used. If we are going to impose new bureaucracies, new redtape, new requirements, new audits, why are we doing it? If there is a need for it, I will stand up with everyone here and protect the taxpayers' dollars. But that is not really what is at stake here.  This morning on the floor, Chairman McCain made it clear. He just does not want medical research at the Department of Defense. He wants it limited strictly to certain areas and not to be expanded to include the families of those serving in our military--our veterans--through the Department of Defense. That is his position. He can hold that position. I certainly disagree with it.  If we take an honest look at this, what we have done in creating this new bureaucracy and redtape is simply slow down the process and make it more expensive. For one thing, each one of these universities and each one of these organizations has to go through an annual audit--at least one. The agency within the Department of Defense responsible for those audits is currently overwhelmed, before this new McCain requirement comes in for even more audits.  So it means the process slows down. Research does not take place in a matter of months; it might be years. Do you want to wait for years in some of these instances? I don't. I want timely research to come up with answers to questions that can spare people suffering and spare expense to the families as well as to the Department of Defense. When I go through the long list of things that have been done through these defense research programs, it is amazing how many times they have stepped up and made a serious difference.  Let me give you one other illustration. The incidence of blast injuries to the eye has risen dramatically among servicemembers of Iraq and Afghanistan due to explosive weapons such as IEDs. Current protective eye equipment--glasses, goggles, and face shields--are designed to protect mainly against high-velocity projectiles, not blast waves from IEDs.  In Iraq and Afghanistan, upward of 13 percent of all injuries were traumatic eye injuries, totaling more than 197,000. One published study covering 2000 to 2010 estimated that deployment-related eye injuries and blindness have cost a total of $25 billion. Notably, eye-injured servicemembers have only a 20-percent return-to-duty rate compared to an 80-percent rate for other battle trauma.  Since 2009, $49 million in this Department of Defense medical research program has gone to research for the prevention and treatment of eye injury and disease that result in eye degeneration and impairment or loss of vision. From the Afghanistan and Iraq conflicts, a published study covering 2000 to 2010 estimated that these injuries have cost a total of $25 billion. Eye-injured soldiers have only 20-percent return-to-duty rates.  Research at Johns Hopkins, where they received grants to study why eye injuries make up such a high percentage of combat casualty, found that the blast wave causes eye tissue to tear, and protections like goggles can actually trap blast reverberations. University of Iowa researchers developed a handheld device to analyze the pupil's reaction to light as a quick test for eye damage.  So you look at it and say: Well, why would we do vision research at the Department of Defense? Here is the answer: What our men and women in uniform are facing with these IEDs and the blast reverberations--damage to their eyesight and even blindness--wasn't being protected with current equipment. Is this worth an investment by the U.S. Government of less than two-tenths of 1 percent of the Department of Defense budget? I think it is. I think it is critically important that we stand behind this kind of research and not second guess people who are involved.  We are not wasting money in this research; we are investing money in research to protect the men and women in uniform and make sure their lives are whole and make sure they are willing and able to defend this country when called upon.  This idea of Chairman McCain--of eliminating this program with new bureaucracy and redtape--is at the expense of military members, their families, and veterans. We have made a promise to these men and women who enlisted in our military that we will stand by them through the battle and when they come home. That should be a promise we keep when it comes to medical research as well.  I retain the remainder of my time.  