President, I find it hard to understand why anyone would want to eliminate funding for militarily relevant defense medical research--research that offers families hope and improves and saves lives--especially now. When you look at the body of medical research across all Federal agencies, we are getting closer to finding cures for certain cancers, closer than ever to understanding how to delay the onset of neurological diseases like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's, closer than ever to developing a universal flu vaccine. Now is the time to be ramping up our investment in medical research, not scaling it back. Yet, there are two provisions in this Defense authorization bill that would effectively end the Department of Defense medical research program. These two provisions are dangerous. They cut medical research funding, which will cost lives--military lives and civilian lives. That is why I filed a bipartisan amendment, together with Senator Cochran, the Republican chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, which will be considered by the Senate this afternoon.  My legislation would remove Chairman McCain's provisions so that lifesaving research at the Department of Defense can continue. Senator McCain's two provisions, found in sections 756 and 898, work hand in hand to end the Department of Defense medical research program.  His first provision requires the Secretary of Defense to certify that each medical research grant is ``designed to directly promote, enhance, and restore the health and safety of members of the Armed Forces''--not veterans, not retirees, not spouses of military members, and not children of military families. In my view, they are all part of our national defense, and they should all be covered by the DOD health care system and research.  Senator McCain's second provision, section 898, would require that medical research grant applicants meet the same accounting and pricing standards that the Department requires for procuring contracts. This is a dramatic change in the law. It is the imposition of miles of redtape on every medical research grant. The regulations that he has subjected them to apply to private companies that sell the Department of Defense goods and services, such as weapon systems and equipment. Among other things, it would require the Defense Contract Audit Agency, or DCAA, to conduct at least one, and probably several, audits on each grant recipient. Do you know what that means? It means there will be 2,433 more audits each year by the Defense Contract Audit Agency. How are they doing with their current workload? They are behind on $43 billion worth of goods and services that is being procured by the Department of Defense, and Senator McCain would send them at least 2,433 more audits next year.  Taxpayers deserve to know that their money is well spent. The existing system does just that. A grant application now is carefully scrutinized, and throughout the 24-year history of this Defense research program, there have only been a handful of instances where serious questions have risen. No grant makes it through this process without first showing clear military relevance. If an applicant fails that test, it is over. If they clear it, they will be subject to a host of criticism and scrutiny by researchers, and then representatives from the National Institutes of Health and the Department of Veterans Affairs sit down and measure each grant against existing research. These rules are in place to protect taxpayers' dollars, and they do. Senator McCain is now seeking to add miles of redtape to a program in the name of protecting it. His provisions go too far.  The Coalition for National Security Research, which represents a broad coalition of research universities and institutes, wrote: ``These sections''--referring to Chairman McCain's sections--``will likely place another administrative burden on the DOD scientific research enterprise and slow the pace of medical innovation.''  When we asked the Department of Defense to give us their analysis of Chairman McCain's provisions, they concluded--after looking at all of the redtape created by Senator McCain--that these issues would lead to the failure of the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program. That is clear and concise, and, sadly, it is accurate.  What Senator McCain has proposed as a new administrative bureaucratic burden on medical research at the Department of Defense is not fiscally responsible, it doesn't protect taxpayers, and it is not in pursuit of small government by any means. These provisions are simply roadblocks.  Let's talk for a minute about the medical research funded by the Department of Defense. Since fiscal year 1992, this program has invested $11.7 billion in innovative research. The U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command determines the appropriate research strategy. They looked for research gaps, and they want to fund high-risk, high-impact research that other agencies and private investors may be unwilling to fund.  In 2004, the Institute of Medicine, an independent organization providing objective analysis of complex health issues, looked at the DOD medical research program, and they found that this program ``has shown that it has been an efficiently managed and scientifically productive effort.'' The Institute of Medicine went on to say that this program ``concentrates its resources on research mechanisms that complement rather than duplicate theresearch approaches of the major funders of medical research in the United States, such as industry and the National Institutes of Health.'' This has been a dramatically successful program.  I would like to point to a couple of things that need to be noted in the Record when it comes to the success of this program. This morning Senator McCain raised a question about funding programs that relate to epilepsy and seizures when it comes to the Department of Defense medical research program. In a recent video produced by the Citizens United for Research in Epilepsy, they share heartbreaking stories of veterans suffering from post-traumatic epilepsy and the recovery challenges they face. They shared the story of retired LCpl Scott Kruchten. His team of five marines, during a routine patrol, drove over an IED. He was the only survivor. He suffered severe brain injury. Lance Corporal Kruchten suffered a seizure inside the helicopter while they were transporting him to Baghdad for surgery. He has been on medication ever since. In fact, seizures set back all of the other rehabilitation programs that injured veterans participate in and greatly slow their recovery.  Since the year 2000, over 300,000 Active-Duty military servicemembers have experienced an incident of traumatic brain injury. Many of them are at risk of developing epilepsy. Post-traumatic epilepsy comprises about 20 percent of all symptomatic epilepsy. According to the American Epilepsy Society, over 50 percent of traumatic brain injury victims with penetrating head injury from Korea and Vietnam developed post-traumatic epilepsy. The research we are talking about is relevant to the military. It is relevant to hundreds of thousands who have faced traumatic brain injury. I don't know why Chairman McCain pointed that out this morning as an example of research that is unnecessary to the Department of Defense. It is clearly necessary for the men and women who serve our country.  Let me say a word about breast cancer too. In 2009, after serving the Air Force for over 25 years, SMSgt Sheila Johnson Glover was diagnosed with advanced stage IV breast cancer which had spread to her liver and ribs. She said breast cancer cut her military career short. She was treated with Herceptin, a drug developed with early support from the Department of Defense medical research funding. According to Sheila, ``It is a full circle with me, giving 25 years of service in the DOD and the Department of Defense giving me back my life as a breast cancer patient.''  Sheila is not alone; 1 out of every 8 women is at risk of developing breast cancer in her lifetime and 175,000 women are expected to be diagnosed with the disease each year. With more than 1.4 million Active-Duty females and female spouses under the Federal military health system, breast cancer research is directly related to our military and our military community.  Breast cancer research started this medical research program in the Department of Defense. It was given a mere $46 million at the start. Over the span of the life of medical research programs at the Department of Defense, a little over $11 billion has been spent. Almost one-third of it has gone to breast cancer research, and they have come up with dramatic, positive results, such as the development of this drug Herceptin.  The point I am getting to is this. If you believe the military consists of more than just the man or woman in a uniform but consists of their families and those who have served and who are now veterans, if you believe their medical outcomes are critically important to the future of our military, then you can understand why medical research programs such as this one, which would be virtually eliminated by Chairman McCain's language, is so important for the future strength of our men and women in uniform and the people who support them.  Let me tell you about a constituent who wrote me last month. This photo shows Linda and Al Hallgren. Al is a U.S. veteran, survivor of bladder cancer. Linda wrote to me and said:       When my husband was originally diagnosed in 2013, our only      options were bladder removal followed by chemotherapy.      Prognosis based on his cancer was months to a year or so.      There were so many questions that came to mind, primarily      around, ``How did I get this?''  But as she pointed out to me, Al is a fighter, a survivor. Two years later, here they are, the two of them, enjoying a ride on a motorcycle.  When she passed along this photo, here is what she said: ``We continue to fight the battle and take moments out to enjoy life to the fullest one day at a time.''  She noted in her letter that there are many risks with bladder cancer associated with military service. Smoking is the leading cause. The incidence of smoking among our military members is entirely too high.  The Institute of Medicine also took a look at the use of Agent Blue from 1961 to 1971 in the Vietnam war and its linkage to bladder cancer. It is the fourth most commonly diagnosed cancer among veterans but only the 27th highest recipient of Federal research. So the story of this family and what they have been through raises an important question. Do we have an obligation to this individual who served our country, served it honorably, came home and suffered a serious medical illness? Do we have an obligation, through medical research, to try to find ways to make his life better, to make sure we spare him the pain that is associated with many of the things that are linked to his service in our military? Of course, we do. So why do we go along with this language that the chairman put in his authorization bill to eliminate these medical research programs?  I mentioned earlier the advancements that were made in breast cancer research. In 1993, the Department of Defense awarded Dr. Dennis Slamon two grants totaling $1.7 million for a tumor tissue bank to study breast cancer. He began his work several years earlier with funding from the National Cancer Institute, but researchers still lacked the regular source of breast tissue from women. That is when the DOD funding made a difference. Dr. Slamon's DOD-funded work helped to develop Herceptin, which I mentioned earlier.  At lunch just a few minutes ago, we heard from Senator Barbara Mikulski. She told about the lonely battle which she fought for years for women to get medical research. Sadly, the National Institutes of Health and other places were doing research only on men. Thank goodness Senator Mikulski and others spoke up. They spoke up and NIH started changing its protocols. Then they went to the Department of Defense and said: We want you to focus on breast cancer, if you will, for the emerging role of women in our military, and they did with dramatic results. Now comes a suggestion from Chairman McCain that we are to put an end to this research. We should burden it with more redtape. I don't think it makes sense. It certainly doesn't make sense for the men and women serving in the military and the spouses of the men who serve in the military who certainly understand the importance of this research.  DOD-funded research developed a neurocognitive test for diagnosing Parkinson's disease. The Department of Defense research also identified additional genetic risk factors for developing the disease, including two rare variants that we now know connect the risk for Parkinson's with traumatic injury to the head. What we find when we look at the list of research, such as Parkinson's disease, and question why that has any application to the military, it is that they knew there was an application, they knew there was a connection, and it was worth seeking.  Here is the bottom line. People have lived longer and more productive lives because of DOD-funded medical research, and we have an opportunity to help even more people if my amendment passes and we defeat the language that is in this Defense authorization bill.  Sixty-three Senators from 41 States, both sides of the aisle, requested increases in medical research for our next fiscal year. We can't earmark where that research is going to take place--that goes through a professional process--but you can certainly point out to the Department of Defense areas where they might have some interest, and they make the final decision.  If the McCain provisions become law, they put an end to research programs requested by a supermajority of the Senate.  Mr. President, how much time have I used and how much time currently remains?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Lankford). There is 22\1/2\ minutes remaining.  