I thank him and his fellow Senators who made this possible.  A special thanks to staff. They have been thanked before, but they should be thanked again for their diligence and patience during this conversation and debate on the floor of the Senate.  And a special thanks to the pages who stayed late, late tonight and will have stories to tell about that night when the Senate went into the morning and we were there. So you will be able to tell those stories when you get back home to your families and friends, but it is a historic debate and it is an important debate and it is one that will affect your lives and the lives of the many people you treasure on this Earth.  We come to this floor at this early morning hour--a quarter to 1 here in Washington, DC, as the Senator from Connecticut noted, more than 13 hours after he first took the floor--to discuss the critically important issue about the safety and security of America.  When I think about what we are facing here, as has been said by the Senator from Maine, we are dealing with a new strategy by terrorists. I can remember the day of 9/11, 2001, in the room just a few feet away, when a little after 9 in the morning we quickly turned on the television to see that planes were crashing into the World Trade Center in New York. By the time the second plane went in, we knew it wasn't an accident. Then there was a crash at the Pentagon, black smoke billowing over the mall, and we were quickly advised to evacuate the Capitol of the United States. We did. We raced for the exits and went outside, we stood on the lawn and didn't know which way to turn, feeling that the next plane was headed for the Capitol dome. That was the threat we faced and the reality of that threat right here in this building, that some terrorists--unimaginable--would use an airplane to attack us. That was the weapon.  Well, it was a bitter lesson, and 3,000 innocent Americans died. We changed America. Osama bin Laden changed America. The way we went to the airport, when we arrived, how we arrived, what we carry, what we wore became part of our defense of America, and for 15 years it has become a routine. Our children and grandchildren have grown up with it. They couldn't imagine a day when you didn't go through intense security at an airport. But before 9/11, it virtually never happened, and when it did it wasn't very reliable.  What we are talking about is a new strategy, a new tactic by terrorists. That is why this debate is about more than just this horrible tragedy at Orlando. It is about a pattern that is emerging of those who are radicalized and marginalized and turn to guns that they can buy legally in the United States to threaten us. How serious are these guns? In an earlier meeting, I made a mistake of calling it an automatic weapon. The weapon that was found to have been taken in by this man in Orlando is a semiautomatic weapon. The difference, of course, is with an automatic weapon, you hold the trigger and it bursts all the cartridges in the magazine, as many as you have. With a semiautomatic, you literally have to pull the trigger each time. But let me give an idea of what that meant.  In the early morning hours at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, a brief video was uploaded to Snapchat by one of the victims, Amanda Alvear. It was the last video she ever shot because she died. What the early moments of the massacre sounded like came through on the Snapchat video: a frantic drumbeat of shots, 17 or more shots in 9 seconds, one shot per trigger pull in a continual barrage. Today the FBI told us there were hundreds--hundreds of shots fired.  So when we talk about a potential terrorist with a gun, it is a terrorist with the capacity to kill hundreds of people. That is the new tactic. And that is why this conversation is not just about the Second Amendment in theory; it is about keeping America safe in fact from the new wave of terrorism.  When the Senator from Connecticut took the floor, it was for two reasons. We said them and we should say them again--to make sure that if someone is suspected of being a terrorist, they cannot legally purchase a weapon in America, and particularly not this kind of weapon that could create such carnage and kill so many innocent people. Secondly, that this terrorist, once realizing he is stopped by the legal process, can't go through the extraordinary process of going to a gun show. I have been by these gun shows in the armories and gymnasiums across Illinois. They all come piling in to show their weapons and sell their weapons, and people buy them in bulk. And rarely--in some States, in Indiana for example, for many sellers there is no background check. Do you want to buy more than one, a Glock pistol? How much money do you have? Do you want to fill up the trunk of your car and take them in to the city of Chicago? Be my guest. This is exactly what happens. Of course, now the Internet is another source.  Are we so certain of the security of America that we are not going to protect our families and our friends and the people we love from the next attack, from the next would-be terrorist? I don't know if this man in Orlando was truly associated with a terrorist organization. The investigation is underway. Some of the things he said were nonsensical when it came to identifying himself with these terrorist groups. I don't want to dismiss that possibility. Let the FBI investigate that in its full range to find out whether he was associated. But then who is the next one? And will the next one have access to some weapon that can kill so many innocent people at once? That is what this conversation is all about. It isn't about some age-old debate on the floor of the Senate. It is about the new world we live in. The Senator from Maine made it clear. The Senator from Connecticut read directly from terrorists who were instructing those who would kill Americans how to get it done most efficiently. That is what we are trying to stop. That is what this is all about. It will be great if at the end of this we not only get these amendments called, but maybe even a bipartisan agreement on stopping terrorists from buying guns in America to threaten innocent people in Orlando, in Connecticut, in Illinois, in Maine, in New Jersey.  I would close by first thanking Senator Murphy and Senator Booker, who has been a stalwart supporter and friend throughout this debate. I believe he has tried to stand by Senator Murphy literally throughout. I say to Senator Booker, thank you for bringing to our attention at our caucus lunch yesterday the fact that this is about more than mass murder. It is about the murders of Americans that go on every day, every hour. In the cities that we love, innocent people die because of it. It is all part of the same conversation and the same debate. I thank the Senator for bringing that message home. It touched me because of what we are enduring in my State of Illinois and the city of Chicago.  I say to Senator Murphy, it has been a long day. Here we are, a new day. I hope it is a new day for our country--a new day when we start looking seriously at putting an end to this gun violence and this carnage and doing asmart, sensible, commonsense thing to make sure that those who would be terrorists don't have access to the most lethal killer weapons available in gun stores and gun shows across America.  My close is a simple question. At the end of this battle there are more to be fought, not just on this issue but on the issue of military-style weapons being sold to civilian populations. But let's save that for another day. I would just ask the Senator in closing what he is feeling as he watched his colleagues give up their time during the course of yesterday and the early hours of this morning in terms of the intensity of feeling and the stories that he heard that I hope have inspired him as they have me.  