I was just in high school when he was the famous astronaut who risked his life to prove that we could move forward in the space program. It wasn't just an achievement that came to science. It was an achievement America was hungry for.  We were so afraid, after launching the Sputnik and two Russian cosmonauts, that we were falling behind in the space race. All of the astronauts, especially John Glenn, risked their lives to move us forward in the space program that ultimately landed a man on the Moon.  I read this morning in the obituary columns about the risk that was attendant to this launch after it was scrubbed over and over because of mechanical problems and weather and the fact that 40 percent of the time the efforts to use this rocket had failed. Yet John Glenn put his life on the line in Friendship 7, in that tiny little capsule that was only 7 feet across and was launched into space. He almost died on the reentry when the tiles that were to protect him started failing and, as he termed it, there was a fireball as he came back into Earth.  He made it. He was greeted with a hero's welcome all across the United States, and he addressed a joint session of Congress. That was the man I knew.  He was also the man who then volunteered to come to Springfield, IL, in 1982 and campaign for me when I ran for Congress. I was just awestruck that this great man, this American hero and then a U.S. Senator, would take the time to come to my hometown and campaign for me. He did, and he was beloved. A large crowd gathered, cheering him on, as they should have. I was just kind of background noise to the real arrival of the real American hero--John Glenn.  Many years later, when I was elected to the Senate, I was lucky enough to serve with John Glenn for 2 years and be on his committee. He was the ranking Democrat, and Fred Thompson was the Republican chairman of that Administration Committee.  We held some very controversial hearings under Chairman Thompson. John Glenn would sit there very quietly, and I wondered if he was going to be outflanked by this trial lawyer, Fred Thompson, who was so gifted with his own oratory. But time and again, John Glenn rose to the occasion for our side of the aisle and did it in his own quiet, persuasive, Midwestern way.  At the end of that 2-year period that I served with him when I first came to the Senate, he was launched again into space at age 76 or 77. He was the oldest astronaut and went up into space and came back safely. He always wanted to fly, whether it was his own beloved airplane or whether it was a space capsule. He loved flight, and he made history with his flights around the country and, literally, around the Earth.  We should remember that he risked his life, too, in airplanes for us. In World War II, he had some 59 combat missions in the Pacific, earning the distinguished Flying Cross and many other decorations. But that wasn't the end of his service. When the Korean war started, he volunteered again and flew 90 combat missions there. Interesting footnote: His wingman in those Korean missions, at one point, was Ted Williams, the famous baseball player for the Boston Red Sox.  His is such a storied career of what John Glenn gave to America, including restoring our faith in our own space program, risking his life to prove that we can move forward into space, and serving the State of Ohio and the Nation as a Senator for four terms. He was just an extraordinary man.  We can't mention John without mentioning Annie, his wife of 73 years. They literally shared the same playpen when they were little toddlers. They grew up together in the same school. They got married at a very early age. It was a love affair that went on for decades. The two of them were inseparable.  I am honored to have served with John Glenn. He truly did have the right stuff, time and again, to make America proud.  (The remarks of Mr. Durbin pertaining to the introduction of S. 3542 are printed in today's Record under ``Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.'')  