President, every Member of the Senate stands in the well of the Senate when they are elected, takes an oath of office. That oath of office, required by the Constitution, is our statement to not only the people we represent but to the Nation, that we will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.  Article II, section 2 of that Constitution empowers the President. Those powers include the President's power to fill vacancies on the Supreme Court. It is not permissive language. The word ``shall'' can be found in this paragraph. It basically says that the President of the United States shall nominate, and by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint judges of the Supreme Court.  For the first time in the history of the United States of America, Senate Republicans are prepared to defy this clear statement of the U.S. Constitution. What an irony that filling the vacancy on the Court by the untimely death of Antonin Scalia--filling the vacancy on the Court of a man who prided himself throughout his judicial career as being what he termed an ``originalist,'' sticking to the strict letter of the law, as spelled out in the Constitution--in filling that vacancy, the Senate Republicans have basically decided to reach a new low; in fact, to make history in a very sad way. A seat on the U.S. Supreme Court lies vacant because of the death of Justice Scalia. The President has the constitutional obligation, as I have read, to name a nominee to fill that vacancy. Senate Republicans are now saying they will not even hold a hearing on that nominee.  If the President sends a name--and he will--to the Senate to fill that vacancy, they have said they will not hold a hearing, they will not schedule a vote, and, listen to this, yesterday Senator McConnell said: I will not even meet with that person.  This is a new low. Since the Senate Judiciary Committee started holding hearings on Supreme Court nominees a century ago, the Senate of the United States of America has never--never--denied a hearing to a pending Supreme Court nominee. It has never happened, but that is what Senate Republicans are saying they will do.  This level of obstruction, of ignoring the clear language of the Constitution, is unprecedented, and it is dangerous. This goes beyond any single vote for any Supreme Court nominee. This is an abdication of the Senate's responsibility under article II, section 2 of the Constitution to provide advice and consent on Supreme Court nominations, which the President shall appoint and shall nominate.  Senate Republicans want to keep the Supreme Court seat vacant for more than 1 year. They want this vacancy to continue for more than 1 year. That will encompass two terms of the Supreme Court. This is demeaning to the institution of the Supreme Court, and unfair to millions of Americans who rely on that Court to resolve important legal questions.  In the coming days, the President will name a nominee, as the Constitution requires him to do. Senate Republicans should meet their responsibility under the Constitution, do their jobs, and give the President's nominee a fair hearing and a vote.  Yesterday, the Republican members of the Senate Judiciary Committee sent a letter to the majority leader, and here is what they said: ``This Committee will not hold hearings on any Supreme Court nominee until after our next President is sworn in on January 20, 2017.''  Why did they take this unusual position in defiance of the Constitution? They said: ``The presidential election is well underway. Americans have already begun to cast their votes. . . . The American people are presented with an exceedingly rare opportunity to decide, in a very real and concrete way, the direction the Court will take over the next generation.''  This argument is specious. The American people have already voted; they voted to elect our President, Barack Obama, and they voted to elect 100 Senators who currently serve in this body. President Obama was elected to a 4-year term, and 11 months remain. The American people voted for each of us to do our jobs for as long as we serve in office. By a margin of 5 million votes, the American people have chosen the President. Did they elect the President for 3 years, or 3 years and 2 months? No. They elected a President for 4 years, and this President's term continues until January 20, 2017.  The Republicans conveniently ignore the obvious. The will of the American people was expressed in that election, and the election of Barack Obama as President of the United States empowers him under the Constitution to fill this vacancy with an appointment. They didn't vote in that election for us to sit on our hands for over a year while the Supreme Court twists in the wind and while the Republican Senators pray every night that President Donald Trump will somehow give America a different Supreme Court nominee. Not a single American, incidentally, has yet cast a vote for President of the United States--not one--in the next election, despite the statement of the Judiciary Committee Republicans that says otherwise.  It is February of this year. The nomination conventions are scheduled for late July. The modern Supreme Court confirmation process has taken an average of 67 days. There is more than adequate time to hold a hearing on this nominee and get this done properly. All we need is for the Senate Republicans to do their jobs.  Yesterday on the Senate floor, I urged my Republican colleagues not to duck a vote on the President's nominee. They could vote yes, they could vote no, but they shouldn't abdicate their constitutional responsibility for political advantage. I am amazed that my Republican colleagues now say thatnot only do they want to duck that vote, but they also want to avoid even having a hearing on the nominee. And they are afraid to even meet with this nominee for fear that maybe they might think he or she is a good nominee.  Even more shockingly, the Republican leader and several Republican members of the Judiciary Committee said yesterday they would not even meet with the President's nominee. One of our colleagues in the Senate last night on television was asked pointedly or directly: If the President nominates someone from your State to the Supreme Court vacancy, are you saying you wouldn't meet with that person? My colleague on the other side of the aisle ducked the question. This is stunning.  Remember, the President is obligated by article II, section 2 of the Constitution to send a nominee to the Senate. That is the process the Founding Fathers established. That is the President's responsibility. How can Senate Republicans refuse to even meet with the person selected under this constitutional process? How is that being faithful to the terms of the Constitution? How are Senate Republicans upholding and defending this Constitution by this evasive, historically unprecedented action?  Sadly, it appears that Senate Republicans have calculated it is in their best political interests to keep the nominee out of the spotlight. They were hoping that, with this letter and by saying yesterday we will have nothing to do with it, they are going to turn out the lights on this issue. That is not what is going to happen. This issue is going to be there and remembered, and it is going to be recalled on the floor of the Senate repeatedly. They thought they could close down the government when Senator Cruz of Texas sat here for, I don't know how many hours, reading Dr. Seuss while we shut down the government, and they thought people would forget Senator Cruz shutting down the government; they didn't, and he is finding on this campaign trail that a lot of people have remembered that. The American people are not going to forget what Senate Republicans are trying to do with the Supreme Court.  I have served on the Judiciary Committee for the hearings and confirmation votes of four of the eight sitting Supreme Court Justices. Let me state clearly that this Senator is more than happy to meet with the President's Supreme Court nominee, as I have on all such nominees--Republican and Democrat alike--and I will consider that nominee on his or her merits, as I have always tried to do in the past.  Yesterday, Senate Republicans also tried to deflect attention from their unprecedented obstruction by pointing to quotes from some Democrats years ago. But the record is clear: Democrats have never, never blocked a Supreme Court nominee from having a hearing. Republicans are breaking new ground with this obstructionism. The American people deserve better.  The bottom line is there is no excuse for the Senate to fail to do its job. Once the President has named his nominee, the Senate must give that nominee a fair hearing and a timely vote. If the Constitution means anything to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, they understand that what they are doing is unprecedented. It has never happened once in American history. We are now finding the obstructionism of Senate Republicans reaching a new low. They are ignoring the clear wording of our Constitution, which they have sworn to uphold and defend, and they are obstructing in a way that we have never seen before in the history of the United States. That is the reality--a reality that will not be lost on the American people.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  