I believe she is making slight changes to it, but the amendment addresses the first issue. It enables the Attorney General of the United States to deny a request to transfer a firearm to a known or suspected terrorist. The Senator from Connecticut said repeatedly, and I would like to repeat it myself, this is something the vast majority of Americans say: You mean a terrorist can buy a gun in America and you can't stop him? So, overwhelmingly, Democratic, Republican, Independent, gun owners, non-gun owners believe this is common sense. The Senator from California in this amendment says:       Hereafter the Attorney General may deny the transfer of a      firearm if the Attorney General determines, based on the      totality of circumstances, that the transferee--  Purchaser of the firearm--     represents a threat to public safety based on a reasonable      suspicion that the transferee is engaged, or has been      engaged, in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid      of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or      resources therefor.  So in the first sentence of about a six- or seven-sentence amendment, the Senator from California, in a few words, says exactly what the Senator from Connecticut has said. We want to give to the Attorney General the power to stop a suspected terrorist from buying a firearm in this country.  Today we had a briefing, and I know the Senator couldn't attend because he was here on the floor with this important responsibility. The briefing came from the leader of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Jim Comey, and Jeh Johnson, the head of the Department of Homeland Security. They talked about what happened in Orlando. Some of the things they told us cannot be repeated outside of that closed-door briefing and some of it will come out as the investigation unfolds, but here is something they told us that can be shared.  This man who went into the Pulse nightclub at 2 o'clock in the morning in Orlando had two firearms with him. Before that tragic evening ended, he had shot hundreds of rounds into that crowded nightclub--this one man, hundreds of rounds. What I asked him was to please put this in perspective for me. Since 9/11, we have focused on what happened that terrible day when 3,000 innocent Americans died because terrorists took over airplanes and crashed them into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon and might have crashed them into this building had the brave passengers and crew not stopped them over Pennsylvania.  What we do every single day is to spend hundreds of millions of dollars for safety on airplanes and airports because we don't want to run the risk that a passenger will get on board a plane and endanger the lives of passengers, up to 200 passengers or more, with a bomb or some other means. We go to elaborate lengths. Think about it. How many times have you taken off your shoes, opened your bags, put things on the conveyor belt? We have done that now for 15 years so we don't have to relive the tragedy of 9/11.  Think about this for a second. If that same terrorist decides not to use an airplane but to use a semiautomatic weapon, the kind of weapon used by this man in Orlando, that person can endanger the lives of hundreds of people and killed 49 in that tragic situation.  So my question to the Senator from Connecticut is this. As we are focusing on the use of these military-style weapons, are we not reflecting the new reality of the terrorist threat to America--not just airplanes and the other means they have used but now what appears to be a more common weapon of choice, commonly purchased at gun stores by even suspected terrorists. Is that not what you were focusing on and we are focusing on as the first thing that needs to be changed in the law?  