President, I am pleased that the Senate voted today on the Defend Trade Secrets Act. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation, which would create a Federal civil cause of action to help deter and remedy trade secret theft that is costing American businesses hundreds of billions of dollars each year.  Trade secrets, such as manufacturing processes, industrial techniques, and customer lists, are critical assets for U.S. companies. However, American companies are increasingly being targeted by efforts to steal this proprietary information, often by overseas interests. Currently, there is no Federal civil remedy available to companies to fight this theft, and the Justice Department does not have the resources to investigate and prosecute criminally all of the thefts that are taking place. While most States have passed civil trade secret laws, these laws are not well suited for remedying interstate or foreign trade secret theft. The lack of a Federal civil remedy for trade secret misappropriation is a glaring gap in current law, especially since Federal civil remedies are available to protect other forms of intellectual property such as patents, trademarks, and copyrights.  The Defend Trade Secrets Act would close this gap by creating a civil right of action in Federal court for misappropriation of a trade secret that is related to a product or service used in interstate or foreign commerce. Available remedies would include injunctions, damages, and in certain cases enhanced damages. This broadly bipartisan bill has been carefully crafted to empower companies to protect their trade secrets through a process that will be both swift and fair. By helping American companies safeguard their essential trade secrets from theft, the bill will help keep innovation and jobs in America.  The Defend Trade Secrets Act has been cosponsored by 65 Senators and is supported by groups and companies representing a broad swath of the American economy, including numerous employers based in my home State of Illinois, such as Caterpillar and Illinois Tool Works. I am pleased that the Senate is moving forward with passage of this legislation, and I hope the bill will soon pass the House of Representatives and be signed into law.  (At the request of Mr. Reid, the following statement was ordered to be printed in the Record.) 