President, for 16 years, broadcaster Harry Caray was the voice of the Chicago Cubs. He wasn't in Yogi Berra's league linguistically. Harry Caray could turn a phrase.  ``Holy cow!'' was one of Harry Caray's signature lines. Another legendary Harry Caray line that made people jump for joy was this:       It might be. It could be. It is! A home run!  Harry Caray loved baseball. He loved Chicago. He loved the Cubs. But most of all, he loved the Cubs fans, those generations of fans who packed Wrigley Field every year, almost certain that their team would lose but hoping for a miracle. Harry Caray once said of the citizens of Cubs Nation:       This has been the remarkable thing about the fans in      Chicago, they keep drawing an average of a million-three a      year, and when the season's over and they've won their usual      71 games, you feel that those fans deserve a medal.  Well, Harry Caray passed away in 1998. But like every Cubs fan, he believed until his final breath that the Chicago Cubs, those loveable losers, would one day reclaim the title as Major League Baseball's World Series champions, a title they held and won in 1908.  Well, Harry Caray was right. The day came. Miraculously, in the early morning hours of November 3, in the 10th inning of the 7th and deciding game against the gritty, formidable Cleveland Indians, the Chicago Cubs won the 2016 World Series. That heart-stopping game 7--in fact, the whole series--was a contest for the ages and one that Cubs fans will be talking about for generations.  Let me say it again. The Cubs' improbable, come-from-behind World Series championship marks the first time since 1908 that the Cubs won the World Series. Their 108-year drought with our World Series trophy marked the longest losing streak of any team in any sport in the United States of America. But all those years of dashed hopes and deferred dreams are history.  The curse of the billy goat and the omen of the black cat are all dead. Fly the W and hoist the trophy. The 2016 Chicago Cubs are the World Series champs, the very best in baseball. They posted the winningest record in Major League Baseball, with 103 victories to 58 losses, and they finished 17\1/2\ games ahead in their division, ahead of the St. Louis Cardinals, always a formidable baseball team. It was the first time the Cubs had posted the most wins in baseball since 1945 and the first time the Northsiders had won 100 games since 1935.  In postseason play, the Cubs launched a ninth-inning comeback to take the National League division series against the Giants in four games. Then it was the Dodgers. After losing in back-to-back shutouts, trailing the Dodgers 2 to 1 in the series, the Cubs rallied to beat the Dodgers in six games and claimed their first National League championship in 17 years.  For generations, the World Series has broken many a Cubs fan's heart. After winning the Fall Classic in 1907 and 1908, the Cubs went on to lose the World Series in 1910, 1918, 1929, 1932, 1935, 1938, and 1945, their last World Series appearance until this year.  Yet, against history and against reason, as the 2016 World Series began, Cubs fans dared to believe. Maybe this was the year. Their faith was tested. The Cleveland Indians are a great and gutsy ball club. They took an early and commanding control of the Series, leading the Cubs three games to one in the best of seven.  Then the magic started. With their backs to the wall, one defeat away from elimination, the Cubs roared back to win the final three games of the Series and brought the World Series trophy home to Chicago. They clinched the World Series in game 7 with an 8-to-7 win in extra innings. The game was tied 6 to 6 after nine innings. The suspense was heightened by a rain delay that was called just as the 10th inning was about to start. The rain stopped the game for 17 minutes. The Cubs scored 2 runs when they came back in the top of the 10th inning on a double by Ben Zobrist and a single by Miguel Montero.  The Indians scored a run in the bottom of the 10th inning, but it wasn't enough. The final score: Cubs 8, Indians 7.  Ben Zobrist was named World Series MVP. It was only the sixth time in World Series history that a team had come back from a deficit of three games to win a championship. The last team to pull it off was the Kansas City Royals in 1985.  This World Series victory was truly a team victory. Every member of the team and organization deserves credit.  Cubs General Manager Theo Epstein, destined for the National Baseball Hall of Fame, arrived in Chicago in 2011 with the challenge of rebuilding an organization that had tried everything to no avail. It took him five seasons, three managers, and dozens of trades, but he won. After game 7, he said he was just proud to bring the World Series trophy back to Chicago for Cubs legends Billy Williams and the late Ernie Banks and Ron Santo and for the generations of fans who never stopped hoping.  What can we say about Cubs Manager Joe Maddon? He urged his players in spring training to ``Embrace the Target.'' When the chips were down, he had never doubted the Cubs were the finest team. While some may view his style as unorthodox, his confidence in his players carried over onto the field. The Cubs never panicked. They got their job done.  Maddon spent decades in Major League Baseball before coming to the Cubs. With this Word Series trophy, he joins a small list of managers to win pennants in the American and National Leagues. He earned the 2015 National League Manager of the Year, and I am betting he is going to claim the title again this year.  I congratulate the players--the World Series champion Cubs.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record the names of the players.  There being no objection, the names were ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Anthony Rizzo;       Kris Bryant;       Javier Baez;       Addison Russell;       Miguel Montero;       Willson Contreras;       Jon Lester;       Jake Arrieta;       Kyle Hendricks;       John Lackey;       Aroldis Chapman;       Jason Heyward;       Dexter Fowler;       Jorge Soler;       Chris Coghlan;       Albert Almora, Jr.;       Mike Montgomery;       Carl Edwards, Jr.;       Pedro Strop;       Hector Rondon;       Travis Wood; and       Justin Grimm.  