. Senate on the issue of firearms and terrorism, nothing--not until the Senator from Connecticut took the floor 10 hours 20 minutes ago and said: I am not going to sit down until there is an agreement that we are going to debate this issue on the floor of the U.S. Senate. It was not even on the schedule of things for us to discuss this week until this Senator from Connecticut and his friends and colleagues decided to make an issue of it.  I ask the Senator if he is aware of the fact that the American Medical Association put out a press release in Chicago. I think it is historic and I would like to read a story about it if my colleagues will bear with me for a minute. This is from the American Medical Association.       The worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history has prompted      the American Medical Association to call gun violence a      `public health crisis' and urge that Congress fund research      into the problem.       The AMA, which lobbies on behalf of doctors, said on      Tuesday it will press Congress to overturn 20-year-old      legislation that blocks the Centers for Disease Control and      Prevention from conducting research on gun violence.       A 29-year-old gunman slaughtered 49 people at a gay      nightclub in Orlando, FL, before dawn on Sunday.       The AMA adopted the policy at its annual meeting in      Chicago. It called U.S. gun violence a crisis that requires a      comprehensive response and solution. ``With approximately      30,000 men, women and children dying each year at the      barrel of a gun in elementary schools, movie theaters,      workplaces, houses of worship and on live television, the      United States faces a public health crisis of gun      violence,'' Dr. Steven Stack, AMA president, said in a      statement.       ``Even as America faces a crisis unrivaled in any other      developed country, the Congress prohibits the CDC from      conducting the very research that would help us understand      the problems associated with gun violence and determine how      to reduce the high rate of firearm-related deaths and      injuries.''       Congress placed restrictions on CDC funding of gun research      into the federal budget in 1996 at the urging of gun rights      supporters who claimed the agency was biased toward gun      control.       AMA has several long-standing gun safety policies including      support of legislation that calls for a waiting period before      the purchase of any form of firearm in the United States. It      also supports background checks for all handgun buyers.      (Reporting by Susan Kelly in Chicago; Editing by Caroline      Humer and Matthew Lewis)  