Murphy.  You have been on the floor for a little over 3 hours in the process of raising an important issue about gun violence in America.  I think it is important for us from time to time to remind those who might be just joining this conversation why we are here. You are certainly a leader in this, as are Senator Blumenthal, Senator Booker, and so many others, because we have each in our own ways been touched by gun violence--the terrible tragedy that occurred at Sandy Hook in Connecticut, the tragedies we see every weekend and every day in the city of Chicago, in Newark, and all across the United States. I thank the Senator for bringing this to our attention. Certainly, it is Orlando that our attention is focused on these days.  As I understood your earlier statement, you came to the floor because there was no indication from the Republican leadership that we will evenhave a debate on the issue of guns, terrorists, and keeping America safe.  Senator Murphy came to the floor saying that he would hold the floor in the hopes that we can move this to the point where there is an actual debate in the Senate. That would be historic--a real debate in the Senate about an issue that really means something. In Orlando, we found what really means something with these grieving families of 49 victims and 53 more who were seriously injured.  I want to make sure there is clarity as to what we are trying to seek with this group gathering in terms of the two proposals, the two amendments we are seeking. I ask the Senator to clarify. One relates to whether someone who is suspected of being a terrorist can buy a weapon, such as an assault weapon, which literally killed 49 people in that nightclub in Orlando and could have killed many more--more than 50 were injured. So if we suspect that a person is a terrorist and a threat to the United States, can we slow them down or stop them from purchasing a military-style weapon?  I think the Senator from Connecticut was very prescient in noting that we think of terrorists and bombs, terrorists and airplanes, not with automatic weapons and semiautomatic weapons. These terrorists have the capacity to kill dozens of people, if not more.  So the first question is, What can we do to stop those suspected of terrorism from buying assault weapons and threatening us? The second question is, If we cannot stop them through the ordinary process of going to a gun store, how are we going to stop them if they decide to buy a gun on the Internet or to buy a gun at a gun show where there is no background check?  I understand the Senator from Connecticut has suggested we need to close the loopholes so that the roughly 40 percent of firearms sold without a background check in the United States is reduced dramatically and so that we know who is buying a gun and we can guns out of the hands of those who misuse them.  So if the Senator would state with clarity what our goal and objective is in this now 3\1/2\-hour debate. I credit him with leading it, but I ask him to state with clarity--a question from me--what is our purpose, what is our goal and the reason we have taken the floor?  