President, I thank Senator Reed for his comments in support of my amendment. This is about medical research, and if I have a passion for the subject, I do. Certainly, I believe most of us do.  There comes a point in your life where you get a diagnosis or news about someone you love, and you pray to goodness that there has been some research to develop a drug or a procedure or a device which gives them a chance for life.  Do I want to invest more money in medical research so that there are more chances for life? You bet I do. And I believe our highest priority should be the men and women in uniform and their families and our veterans. That is why I will stand here today and defend this Department of Defense medical research program for as long as I have breath in my lungs. I believe it is essential that once we have made the promise to men and women in uniform, we stand by them and we keep our word, and our word means standing by medical research.  Some have made light of issues being investigated under medical research--not anyone on the floor today, but others.  Prostate cancer. What are they doing investigating prostate cancer at the Department of Defense? Servicemembers are twice as likely to develop prostate cancer as those who don't serve in the military. Why? I don't know the answer. Is it worth the research to answer that question? Of course it is.  Alzheimer's and Department of Defense medical research. For the men and women who served our country and have experienced a traumatic brain injury, their risk of developing Alzheimer's disease is much higher. For those suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, the risk is also higher. So, as to Alzheimer's research at the Department of Defense, here is the reason.  Lou Gehrig's disease, or ALS. We sure know that one; don't we? According to the ALS Association, military veterans are twice as likely to be diagnosed with ALS relative to the general population. Why? Should we ask the question? Do we owe it to the men and women in uniform to ask this question about ALS? We certainly do.  Lung cancer. Of course there is too much smoking in the military and that is part of the reason, but the incidence is higher.  Gulf war illness. It wasn't until the Department of Defense initiated its research that we finally linked up why so many gulf war veterans were coming home sick. Now we are treating them, as we should.  There is traumatic brain injury, spinal cord injury, epilepsy, and seizure. The list goes on. To walk away from this research is to walk away from our promise to the men and women in uniform, their families, and our veterans. I am not going to stand for that. I hope the majority of the Senate will support my effort to eliminate this language that has been put into the Department of Defense authorization bill, and say to the chairman, once and for all: Stop this battle against medical research. There are many ways to save money in the Department of Defense. Let's not do it at the expense of medical research and at the expense of the well-being of the men and women who serve our country.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  