I am happy to join with this willful band who feels as he does; that this is an issue long overdue and that the American people have asked us over and over again: When is Congress going to do something about these mass shootings and the carnage which has taken place?  I would like to ask a specific question, though, about an element here. We have talked about terrorism, those who may be on a terrorism watch list or some version of it, which Senator Feinstein will address in her amendment, but there is a second part to this which is equally, if not more, important, from my perspective. We define mass murder as those that involve more than four victims, but many of us are living and representing communities where there is massive murder taking place over long periods of time. Maybe not so many deaths in one particular incident but over a long period of time. Yesterday, our colleague from New Jersey eloquently explained to us, in our private caucus luncheon, about the carnage in his hometown that has taken place in New Jersey for a long period of time.  My question to the Senator from Connecticut goes to a city which I am honored to represent, the city of Chicago. There were 488 homicides in Chicago in 2015. The vast majority of those were shootings. Chicago's 488 murders were the highest total number of any U.S. city last year. In New York, there were only--only--339 in comparison, and in Los Angeles, 280, cities much larger than Chicago with much smaller numbers of homicides.  The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives has gone to the areas of Chicago where we have the most intense gunfire and killings taking place on a regular basis. Here is what they told me in 2015: Forty percent of the crime guns confiscated after these homicides and killings came from gun shows in Northern Indiana, just across the border from Chicago.  The reason I raise this question is, I believe the second part of this suggested approach--terrorists, the loophole, closing that once and for all, and, secondly, closing the loopholes when it comes to background checks--would include and envision putting an end to what we see happening in Chicago, where in the most dangerous neighborhoods 40 percent of these crime guns are crammed into the trunks of cars at gun shows in Northern Indiana, with no background checks. Then, the people who buy them head for the city, to the streets of Chicago, to sell them, usually to teenagers who then spray their bullets at night in gang warfare and other activity.  My question to the Senator from Connecticut--there are so many other aspects we need to address--straw purchasing is one, assault weapons is another--but what the Senator is trying to focus on is not just the horrible tragedy that occurred in Orlando but to really expand our reach in terms of addressing new legislation when it comes to closing the loopholes in the law--loopholes which allow gun show sales without background checks and sales over the Internet without background checks. I would ask the Senator from Connecticut the rationale behind including that provision.  