One of those people was Randy Pape. I rise today to recognize what Randy meant to my State and to me personally.  On Thursday, November 6, Randy died of a heart attack at the all-too-young age of 58. News accounts of his passing referred to Randy as a ``Eugene businessman'' who built his family's small implement business into a regional giant employing 2,000 people in seven States.  But Randy was much more that. He was vintage Oregonian--relentless, effective, and tenacious. To Randy, no project was too big, no public service too small.  He was also my friend, and I will miss him every day.  My most enduring image is of a smiling Randy reacting to some idea that would improve the lives of Oregonians--actually, of everybody--by pumping his arm and saying: ``We've got to do it. We've got to do it.'' The sound of his voice will always be with me, urging me on to embrace the things he believed in with the same enthusiasm.  Randy lived in Eugene all his life, but gave himself to the entire State. Growing his grandfather's business from a local equipment sales operation to a seven-State conglomerate was just a part of what he accomplished. During his life he helped raise nearly $600 million for buildings at his alma mater, the University of Oregon. His tenure on the Oregon Transportation Commission resulted in a $1.3 billion, 10-year program of bridge repair and replacement that remade Interstate 5, the heart of Oregon's transportation system. As head of the United Way of Lane County's fundraising campaign, he set a $1 million goal that everyone thought was impossible and then achieved it. He served on the board of The Nature Conservancy of Oregon, the Oregon Trail Council of Boy Scouts of America, as well as other nonprofit organizations such as the Oregon Business Council Steering Committee.  Randy had two other great passions that can never be overlooked. There was his love for Susie, his wife of 34 years, and their three wonderful and successful sons, Ryan, Christian and Jordan. Then there was his unflagging devotion to the University of Oregon Ducks football team. In fact, Randy and Susie met at a U of O football game in 1971.  This is only a partial list of what Randy helped achieve for my State, but it is a window into who Randy Pape was and what he was capable of doing. His wife described him best: ``He was the most positive person, the most upbeat. He was a joy to live with.''  In 1997, Randy was diagnosed with a severe form of cancer and wasn't expected to live that long. But in true Randy Pape fashion, he fought on, never losing that trademark enthusiasm and determination. In the end, it was not the cancer that took him from us. It was something that, ironically, he had more of than anyone I have ever known his heart.  I know that Randy would take great satisfaction in cheating the cancer that tried to kill him. As his oldest son, Ryan, said: ``I know he's looking down from heaven right now saying, Guys, I beat the cancer.' ''  I would say: ``Randy, of course you did.''  Randy Pape was a great Oregonian who will always have a place in my heart and in the hearts of the thousands of people who knew him and were touched by his unselfishness and dedication to doing the right thing. 