I also note the person we look to for counsel on these matters, Senator Whitehouse, is here. I want to express my appreciation to him for all of his assistance. If anyone is capable of, once again, stepping in and bringing together all of the parties--Senator Bond, the Bush administration, Senator Rockefeller, myself--Senator Whitehouse is that person. He has done it repeatedly, and we thank him for all of his help.  On the one remaining issue, just to be very brief in terms of responding to the vice chairman, the vice chairman is spot on with respect to the fact that in most respects, the language of our joint efforts does seek to zero in only on the legitimate targets. And that is all to the good.  What we are concerned about, and again, steering clear of anything classified, is some of the technical issues with respect to the definition of ``facilities,'' which lead us to be concerned that others could be swept in. That is what we still need to resolve.  So let's do this. The distinguished Senator from Rhode Island wants to have a chance to speak on this issue. This is not going to be the last word on the subject. But I would say this is an opportunity, after months and months of discussion, to get it right in terms of modernizing the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.  Thirty years ago, it was a big issue. It is an even bigger issue today. I think a business person, for example, in Kansas City, MO, or Portland, OR, or anywhere else, when they travel the globe and are doing business, speaking to loved ones, they have an expectation that their rights are not thrown into the trash can when they leave the soil of the United States.  We have taken steps to ensure, under the efforts of Senator Rockefeller, Senator Bond, myself and others, we have gone a long way to extending the overseas protections for our people that they have here. We are not quite there yet. We have one issue left to deal with, and it is an important issue.  We are going to continue to have these discussions, and they will certainly be good-faith discussions. I hope we can persuade all parties, and particularly those in the administration, to support our efforts to deal with this one remaining matter, which literally is a question--we have staff on the floor--of importing language that the administration says works in other parts of this legislation, into this area which we think is substantially the same.  I yield the floor.  