We believed we had a good model when we moved to pass it during the Clinton years in 2000. It has exceeded our expectations in terms of bringing people together and helping these rural communities survive.  I simply say to colleagues that as part of this tax extenders package, by extending the program now through 2011, the legislation would give rural communities the certainty they need to plan for the future and get them off this roller coaster of disaster one day, hope the next, that has been the pattern of the last few years.  There are a lot of exciting things going on in the rural West. My friend from Idaho and I, as we sat on the Forestry Subcommittee, have heard the exciting developments, for example, in projects to thin and restore the Nation's forests, have heard about the good work that is being done in terms of biomass, taking essentially woody waste and turning it into a source of clean fuel. We have been working together to make sure the Federal Government gets the right definition of biomass so that we can allow these programs to go forward. Carbon sequestration would be a third opportunity that we know will be a sensible step because it will help improve the climate and create economic revenue.  So as Senator Craig and I sat and listened to this testimony all of these many hours about thinning and biomass and carbon sequestration, it became clear to us that as long as our rural communities weren't denied the funds they needed to keep going, which is what we are talking about today, they could use these next 4 years to get into some very exciting and promising fields in the years ahead.  Madam President, I am very pleased that my friend from Idaho has come to the floor, and I know I have exceeded my time for morning business. I simply say to my colleagues that I hope they will pass the extenders package. The funds involved are for secure rural schools, and it is critically needed now so they can use this time to make sure young people, law enforcement, and other essential needs are addressed.  With that, I yield the floor.  