President, before he leaves the floor--and I know we have colleagues who are waiting. I will not speak long--I want to express my appreciation to the Senator from Oklahoma for the judgment he has made in letting Senator Reed's bill pass tonight. I know the Senator from Oklahoma cares very deeply about the health care of our young people. He and I served on the health subcommittee in the other body. We can have debates about the merits of specific ways to address health issues. I share the view of the Senator from Oklahoma with respect to making sure there is not a meddling by politicians in scientific matters. But tonight, on this legislation, legislation that has passed the other body 416 to 0, the judgment that has been made by the Senator from Oklahoma is in the interests of all of the youngsters of our country who are suffering so greatly, and their families.  Like the Senator from Oklahoma, I have sat with them as well, with constituents. I just want to express my appreciation that the Conquer Childhood Cancer Act introduced by my colleague, Senator Reed, is going to pass tonight. This legislation would provide critical resources for the treatment, prevention, and cure of childhood cancer.  We had a victim of childhood cancer in my home State, Jenessa Boey Byers. She passed away from cancer last December, and she was only 8. She battled cancer, not once but twice. She beat her cancer back into remission. She lost that second battle with cancer, but it never really beat her.  I will remember always, going to see her in the hospital. What she said to me is that she was a warrior in thefight against cancer and that she was going to stand up for all of the other youngsters. She was a well-known advocate. She asked me to support Senator Reed's legislation, and I am very proud to do it. In fact, she said to me at one point:       If you sponsor my legislation, you will be my hero.  The fact is, the real heroes of this legislation are these youngsters who have suffered, and suffered so greatly. So the decision made by the Senator from Oklahoma tonight is one that is going to benefit so many families in our country.  I want to pay particular tribute to Senator Reed. He could not be here for the unanimous consent, but Senator Reed has prosecuted this cause for months and months, working with the other body, working here with colleagues. So full credit for this cause goes to Senator Jack Reed who is helping so many of our youngsters afflicted by cancer.  