  I think the first point to be made and that many American seniors are wondering about is, hey, what is in this benefit for me? Is it good? We hear from the President, we hear from some of our Republican friends that this bill is going to go a long way to solve the problems of seniors paying very, very high prices for their prescription drugs and a whole lot of money out of their own pockets. So let us get the facts straight. Let us put it right out there on the table.  If you spend $500 a year out of pocket, what are you going to pay out of the President's new plan? You are going to pay $733. What? For $500 worth of prescription drugs? Yes, that is the case. Because there is a premium of $35, a deductible of $250 and coinsurance, copayment of 25 percent from the first $251 to $2,250. If you spend $1,000 out of pocket, you are going to pay 85 percent out of your own pocket. If you spend $3,000 a year, you pay 64 percent. If you spend $4,000 a year, you pay 73 percent. Does that sound like a very good deal?  What is even worse, as the gentleman from New Jersey has indicated, because there is no cost containment in this bill, the Consumers Union of America has estimated that one year after the implementation of this legislation,seniors will be paying more out of their own pockets for prescription drugs than they pay today. Why? Because when there is no cost containment, prescription drug costs will go up 15 percent, 15 percent, 15 percent. Three years from now, prescription drug costs will be 40 or 50 percent higher, nullifying the minimum benefits in this bill.  This is a bad, bad bill providing minimal benefits to our seniors.  I was reminded in the process of how this bill became a law, and the gentleman from New Jersey will remember how when we were kids we went to school and they say this is how a bill becomes a law. I am afraid they are going to have to rewrite those textbooks because let me tell the listeners and my friends how a bill becomes a law in the United States Congress in 2004.  First of all, of course, you have to contribute a whole lot of money to get your voice heard. On June 19, 2002, 2 days after Republicans unveiled their new Medicare bill, surprise, surprise, the pharmaceutical industry staged a fund-raiser for President Bush and the Republican Party in which it raised a record-breaking $30 million in one night. It goes on from there.  