 Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding me the time.  Mr. Chairman, among other things, the Financial Services Regulatory Relief Act would make it easier for some of the biggest banks and other financial institutions in this country to merge. At a time in America where big institutions are becoming bigger and small institutions are being driven out of business, I think we have to ask whether this is a good idea. At a time in America when the people at top are making out like bandits, the middle class is shrinking and poverty is increasing. I think we have to ask whether it is proper for the United States Congress to give ``regulatory relief'' to huge multibillion dollar institutions. I think not.  Specifically, this bill would reduce the Federal review process for bank mergers from 30 days to a mere 5 days. This bill would allow the Officer of Comptroller Currency to waive notice requirements for national bank mergers located within the same State. This bill would end the prohibition of out-of-state banks merging with in-state banks that have been in existence for less than 5 years. This bill also gives Federal thrifts the ability to merge with one or more of their nonthrift affiliates; and, finally, this bill would eliminate certain reporting requirements for banks' CEOs in regard to inside-lending activities.  Mr. Chairman, I have serious concerns about the provisions in this bill; but equally important, I have major concerns about what this bill is not addressing, what it is not addressing, and what the American people and consumers all over this country are deeply concerned about.  For example, while the prime rate is at a historic low of 4 percent and the Federal Reserve has lowered the Federal funds rate 13 times to a mere 1 percent; credit card issuers are making record-breaking profits by ripping off consumers through outrageously high interest rates of 25 to 30 percent. How come in the midst of giving the ability of large banks to become larger, we forgot about demanding that interest rates go down so that people who already are hurting are not forced to pay usurious interest rates. I guess we just forgot about that.  Mr. Chairman, at a time when banks are making record-breaking $7.3 billion in late fees they collect from consumers, another major rip-off, there is nothing in this bill that would bring down these excessive fees. I guess we forgot about that issue as well.  Mr. Chairman, every Member of this Congress understands that throughout America we are hemorrhaging decent-paying jobs in manufacturing and in information technology; and one of the areas, one of the industries where we are hemorrhaging good-paying jobs is in the financial services industry. No mention, no mention in this bill of a concern that with these mergers comes the loss of decent-paying jobs. Maybe when we talk about financial services, we might want to talk about the ordinary people who do business in banks rather than just the needs of the CEOs who make huge compensation packages running these banks.  Mr. Chairman, while credit card issuers are ripping off middle class Americans by charging sky-high interest rates and outrageous fees, credit card CEOs are laughing all the way to the bank; and mark my words, this will be an issue that the American people will demand this Congress to address. We cannot ignore the fact that scam after scam is forcing hard-pressed American people to pay 20, 25 percent a year in interest rates on their credit card. That issue will come before the United States Congress.  In the midst of all of these rip-offs, if I may use that word, the compensation packages of the CEOs are going sky high. Over the past 5 years, the CEO of Citigroup made over $500 million in total compensation and the CEO of Capital One made over $169 million in total compensation. When we deregulate these industries, maybe we want to say a word on that issue as well.  Bottom line is that this legislation works on behalf of the largest financial institutions. It does not work on behalf of consumers, and I respectfully ask for a ``no'' vote on it.  