 Chairman, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. McDermott).  (Mr. McDERMOTT asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McDERMOTT. Mr. Chairman, in the Bush-CIA-created democracy in Iraq, they just adopted martial law. The human rights minister said it is just like the American PATRIOT Act.  The Congress has tackled some unusual legislation recently. The Senate just voted to reaffirm that we actually support the Geneva Conventions, and today we are in the House debating no less than the freedoms guaranteed by the first amendment in our Constitution, freedoms that were compromised in a rush to judgment by this administration.  They did not get in martial law here yet, but they have got it in mind. They want to have the government able to reach into our lives, no matter what we are doing, no matter what you read in the library. Do not buy a ticket to ``Fahrenheit 9/11'' on the Internet, because they will get your Internet records. They are going to get everything about your life, and they will continue to do it until we finally wind up with martial law.  The amendment before the House would grant Americans the freedom to read books from the local library or your favorite bookstore, without the FBI looking over your shoulder.  Yes, we are here to restore one of the founding principles of this Nation. Today, we have to legislate freedom. There is a strong possibility that Republicans will vote against the amendment and kill the right for an American to read without fear of snooping by the government  There is every reason to believe that Americans will end this day not really knowing whether the book they just checked out of the library has placed them on the FBI watch list. Who is to say what books might get you placed under surveillance by the government.  Maybe you like history and want to know about the people who led nations against us. That alone would prompt Attorney General John Ashcroft to consider you a subversive. And, you will never know.  The so-called Patriot Act has made a patsy out of the first amendment. There is a secret court that can let the government peer into your private life. They can pry, snoop, spy, intrude, watch, poke around, and access your records, your life, without your knowledge, forget about consent.  The Attorney General wants the power. He insists he must have the power to protect America from Americans, any American he deems shady. What's the threshold? Well, that's a secret and a moving target. Today, maybe John Ashcroft won't like Catcher in the Rye and consider you subversive if you check it out. Tomorrow, maybe it will be The Great Gatsby, or perhaps Germany's Secret Weapons of World War II, or The Da Vinci Code. There's no limit to what the Attorney General might consider subversive. There's no limit to the spying he can order. There's no limit on government intrusion in your life. There are, however, new limits, severe limits to what this country is all about--freedom.  Are there bad people out there? Of course there are. And there are effective laws available to the Attorney General and the FBI tofind these people. Every American does not need to be put under surveillance in order to protect America.  If you let government break into any American's private life without a rational check and balance, a cold wind will blow across this Nation and make us less free and no less vulnerable. We can fight the war on terror without declaring war on freedom. We can keep America safe and keep America free.  I urge the House to restore freedom to every American. I urge the House to pass the Freedom to Read Protection Act. If we are to remain the Land of the Free, we need to defend civil liberty as vigorously as we prosecute the war on terror.  