 Chairman, let me begin by thanking the gentleman from Ohio (Chairman Regula) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Ranking Member Obey) for their very, very hard work on this important bill.  Mr. Chairman, as I think every American from Vermont to California knows, in a couple of weeks as winter approaches, people are going to have a very, very rude surprise when they take a look at their home heating bills. I do not have to tell anybody here or anybody in America that the cost of home heating fuels are skyrocketingout of control, and I do not have to tell anybody here that millions and millions and millions of Americans are going to find it increasingly difficult to pay these outrageously high costs in order to keep warm this winter.  Mr. Chairman, according to the Energy Information Administration, the price of heating oil, natural gas and propane are expected to skyrocket. They are going to go off the wall.  The amendment that I am offering today would provide relief to hundreds of thousands of families by increasing funding for the highly successful and widely supported Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, the LIHEAP program, as well as the Weatherization Assistance Program, by $22 million. This increase, I should point out to my friends, would still be $42 million below the President's request. The amendment would be offset by a $26 million reduction in departmental management at the Department of Health and Human Services, which would still provide, with that reduction, level funding for this program.  This amendment has tripartisan support and is being cosponsored by my colleagues, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Simmons), the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. McCarthy), the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. Bradley), the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Meehan). It also enjoys the very strong support of the National Community Action Foundation.  Mr. Chairman, from California to Vermont, every American knows that energy costs are only going to go up this winter. Here is what the Energy Information Administration is predicting: Compared to the winters of 1998 to 2000, the price of natural gas will be 55 percent higher; the price of heating oil will be 45 percent higher; and the price of propane will be 41 percent higher.  LIHEAP is the primary program that provides assistance to help lower-income families pay their energy bills, and there has been no time when more people are going to need LIHEAP assistance than now. We are facing a crisis, and if we do not act, large numbers of Americans could well go cold this winter.  Mr. Chairman, in this country no American family should go without heat this winter. Not one senior citizen should choose between heating their homes and paying for the prescription drugs that they need.  Mr. Chairman, LIHEAP and weatherization enjoy broad bipartisan support in Congress. Last March, more than 70 Members of both the House and Senate, including 20 Republicans, cosigned letters calling for $3 billion in funding for LIHEAP. Even if this amendment were signed into law, LIHEAP would still be more than $500 million short of that mark.  Similar amendments that I have offered in the past to increase funding for weatherization have been very successful because I think they have strong tripartisan support, understanding that it is absurd that people lose their heat through faulty windows or roofs, and that it makes sense economically and environmentally to substantially increase weatherization.  Mr. Chairman, for those of us concerned about protecting the financial well-being of lower-income Americans and for those of us concerned about the environment, this is a very important amendment. It will make more homes throughout this country energy-efficient through proper insulation. This is good for low-income people, it is good for the government, it is good for our environment.  The weatherization program also creates good-paying jobs, increases property values, and decreases U.S. energy use by the equivalent of some 15 million barrels of oil every year.  Under this program, 105,000 homes will be weatherized this year, but much more can and must be done, and while 4.8 million families received LIHEAP assistance this year, over 25 million eligible families did not receive any help due to lack of funding from the Federal Government.  Mr. Chairman, we can do better than that, we must do better than that, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this important amendment.  Mrs. McCARTHY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  I rise in support of the Sanders-Simmons-McCarthy amendment and am honored to be a cosponsor.  This vital amendment would increase funding for the Low Income Energy Assistance Program and Weatherization Assistance Program by $26 million.  Recent predictions indicate that this winter may be one of the harshest in many years in the Northeast, and the Energy Information Administration is predicting the price of heating oil, natural gas and propane will skyrocket. By the way, those prices have already skyrocketed.  LIHEAP provides the needed warmth for our most vulnerable communities, the poor, the elderly and the disabled. These disadvantaged communities are also, unfortunately, the most affected by gun violence.  When we have seen over the last several months that unemployment has gone up in certain areas of our country, our seniors are facing higher medical costs, higher prescription drug costs, now a 17 percent increase on their Medicare. Adding any little bit, amount, as far as increases on heating is going to be a problem for them.  As my colleague from Vermont has said, there is no one in this country that should be cold, but also another thing that happens, unfortunately, in this poorest of the poor communities is the gun violence we see on a daily basis. I could speak about that in my own district of Long Island. I know they say the suburban areas do not have gun violence. Well, unfortunately, after September 13 we are probably going to start seeing an increase of that because we are not allowed to bring up the assault weapons bill here on the House floor.  It is a shame that our seniors and our most vulnerable, who are our children and the poor that live in the communities, will be facing these guns again. It is a shame that our police officers who patrol these areas will also be facing these problems again.  I am sorry that we are not allowed to bring up the assault weapons bill that will expire on September 13. I hope that the leadership will change its mind.  