 Mayorkas for Deputy Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. I have concerns about the nomination. First, I will discuss how Mr. Mayorkas has carried out the President's directive giving legal status to thousands of individuals who are in the United States unlawfully.  In 2012, Mr. Mayorkas was charged with implementing this President's directive known as DACA--DACA--Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. I have always questioned whether the President's directive is legal. The administration never responded to our requests for their legal basis or opinions. This administration has not been transparent about who is getting deferred action, how they are processing them, and whether those who have been denied have been processed for removal.  They may call this program Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, but it clearly benefits older adults, and possibly people who intentionally broke our laws. The agency didn't deny any single applicant until after the 2012 election. We still don't know how many people were actually denied. We do know, however, that people were approved despite shoddy evidence, such as an Xbox receipt and Facebook posting. They always seem to find a way to get approval.  All denials for DACA have to be run through Washington. Adjudicators onthe line were given clear instruction they were not allowed to deny any applicant. Whistleblowers tell me that Mr. Mayorkas himself had to approve all denials.  Think about that. No denials were allowed unless the head of the agency personally approved the denial. What kind of message does that send to civil servants, the career employees trying to do their job under the law as the law requires, and to be very impartial. The boss has his thumb on the scales. That isn't the rule of law.  Mr. Mayorka's message to adjudicators seems to have been that they had better get to yes or he would personally get involved. This ``get to yes'' philosophy came up time and again with agency whistleblowers. The Office of Inspector General looked into the situation and the inspector general confirmed what employers had said. A quarter of Immigration Service Officers interviewed felt pressured to approve questionable applicants, and 90 percent felt they didn't have sufficient time to complete the interviews of those who seek benefits. The report of the Office of Inspector General clearly showed the agency had been pervaded by this ``get to yes'' culture.  Unfortunately, that culture hasn't changed under Mr. Mayorkas's leadership. In fact, based on concerns I heard from whistleblowers who contacted my offices in mid-July of this year, it seems to have even gotten worse. These whistleblowers were aware that Mr. Mayorkas had been nominated to this Homeland Security position by late June. They were also aware that since the fall of 2012, Mr. Mayorkas had been the subject of an Office of Inspector General investigation into allegations of ethical or criminal misconduct.  When Mr. Mayorkas's nomination hearing was scheduled, the whistleblowers were very surprised. They wondered why a hearing would proceed while the investigation was still open and pending, and then contacted my office to make sure Congress was told about the investigation. The existence of this investigation was news to me at that time. However, I didn't sit on the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. So my staff contacted the staff of the ranking member of that committee, Senator Coburn. His staff was also unaware the nominee was under investigation by the Inspector General.  It is extremely troubling that a hearing was scheduled to proceed without the ranking member of the committee knowing about the pending investigation of the nominee within the executive branch. Both my staff and the staff of Ranking Member Coburn contacted the inspector general's office. We told his office about the whistleblower allegations and asked for confirmation as to whether there was an open inquiry.  This type of procedural information is routinely disclosed by an inspector general's office to Congress, and rightly so. Further, we asked for an explanation of why that information would be withheld while the committee was considering the nomination.  Understand, the Senate has a constitutional function of providing advice and consent on these nominations. In order to do our duty, every Senator who is asked to vote on that nominee needs to have all the relevant information about that nominee, and particularly when there is a pending investigation.  To its credit, the Office of Inspector General answered our questions and confirmed there was indeed an open criminal investigation. Their written description stated that the inquiry involves ``alleged conflicts of interest, misuse of position, mismanagement of the EB-5 program, and an appearance of impropriety by Mayorkas and other . . . management officials.''  How was it possible that this information was withheld from staff for the ranking member of the committee considering that nomination? If not for the whistleblowers who came forward, would we have known of the investigation?  When a nominee is under investigation, the Senate has no business approving that nominee until the facts are in. Historically, committees have followed this precedent. As ranking member Coburn explained last week, both the President and the Vice President supported this precedent when they were in the Senate.  In July 2005, one ambassadorial nominee owned a company under investigation. Then-Senator Biden spoke out and supported delaying the vote on that nomination because of the investigation. Eventually, the nominee's company agreed to settle the investigation against it. Then-Senator Obama's spokesman issued a statement saying that due to the fact that a settlement was reached, Senator Obama would not seek to block the nomination.  Like then-Senators Obama and Biden, I believe the Senate should wait for investigations to conclude or, if the executive branch is taking too long, then Congress should do its own fact-finding. But forcing Senators to vote in ignorance is not a legitimate option. In fact, it is irresponsible.  Voting to approve a nominee who is under investigation without waiting for the facts is incredibly risky. What if the investigation determines allegations are true? By rushing to approve the nominee, this body would have failed one of our key functions under the Constitution.  I pointed this out when the Senate was considering the nomination of B. Todd Jones to become permanent head of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. Mr. Jones was the subject of an Office of Special Counsel investigation due to allegations he retaliated against a whistleblower in the U.S. Attorney's office in Minnesota.  As Mr. Jones' nomination progressed through the Senate, the Justice Department and the whistleblower agreed to try mediation. The majority tried to claim the special counsel's case was, therefore, closed. However, I did state on the floor the special counsel's investigation would continue if mediation failed.  Nevertheless, despite the open special counsel investigation, we voted on July 31 to confirm Mr. Jones. In early September, the whistleblower's mediation with the Justice Department did, indeed, fail.  The special counsel has resumed its investigation of Mr. Jones, just as the special counsel had told the Senate that it would. So the retaliation complaint against Mr. Jones is still pending this very day. We don't know what the outcome will be because we did not take time to gather the facts, as Senators should. If we are unwilling to wait for an executive branch inquiry, then we should further gather the facts ourselves.  Last week, Ranking Member Coburn asked Chairman Levin of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations whether that committee would consider interviewing witnesses in the controversy involving Mr. Mayorkas. While he declined, Chairman Levin rightly noted if the subcommittee were going to launch such an investigation, the vote on Mr. Mayorkas would need to be delayed. I completely agree. This vote should not take place until someone has been able to gather testimony and draw conclusions about these allegations.  Whistleblowers have provided my office with very troubling evidence regarding the substance of some of the allegations. Much of the evidence involves the EB-5 regional center program, which Mayorkas is responsible for managing. The evidence appears to support allegations Mr. Mayorkas and his leadership team at Citizenship and Immigration Services are susceptible to political pressure and favoritism. Our immigration system should be governed by equal application of the law, not by who has the best political connections to the director of the agency.  I have given Mayorkas a chance to defend himself and explain the evidence, which seems compelling. Back in July and August I wrote several letters to Mr. Mayorkas outlining whistleblower allegations and attaching some of the documents the whistleblowers provided. I asked how he accounted for this evidence, but he has utterly failed to reply to my letters.  It has been 4 or 5 months since I sent Mr. Mayorkas these letters. Just like his personal oversight of DACA, these documents show Mr. Mayorkas being much more directly involved in individual EB-5 cases than he has led my staff or the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee to believe. They appear to show him intervening in EB-5 decisions involving Gulf Coast Funds Management, an organization run by nobody other than Hillary Clinton's brother Anthony Rodham.  This decision benefited GreenTech Automotive, a company run by Terry McAuliffe which was receiving funding from Gulf Coast Funds Management.  This evidence about political influence and intervention is particularly troubling because of Mr. Mayorkas' prior history. In 2001 Mr. Mayorkas had a role in a group of pardons and commutations issued by President Clinton in the closing days of the second term. A 2002 House report found that then-U.S. Attorney Mayorkas inappropriately sought to influence a decision regarding whether drug trafficker Carlos Vignali's prison sentence should be commuted.  However, my concerns about the investigation pending against Mr. Mayorkas are about more than just improper political influence. Under his leadership over the last few years, the EB-5 Program has grown far beyond its original intent, which I supported. It is intended to be an avenue for foreign investors to participate in new commercial enterprises which actually create jobs in this country in exchange for a U.S. visa. The program was created as a pilot, allowing regional centers to pool funds from investors to create new businesses and jobs. In the process, the centers had to prove they were creating the jobs they promised to create.  Skeptics questioned whether the program truly creates jobs. Whistleblowers have expressed concerns that foreign investors are not being vetted carefully enough. They say Mr. Mayorkas is more interested in approving applications quickly than making security checks more robust.  Given what we know about these security concerns inside the agency, Congress needs to reexamine this program. It should serve its purpose without compromising our national security.  Mr. Mayorkas claims he has changed the program since learning of fraud and security concerns. The only tangible change we have seen is that additional economists have been hired and adjudicators from California were moved here to Washington, DC. Yet moving the EB-5 process to Washington increased Mr. Mayorkas' control over the program, just as he has in the DACA Program.  Whistleblowers have provided me with emails from Mr. Mayorkas saying that he wants to keep fraud and national security concerns about GreenTech or the SLS Hotel in Las Vegas ``close hold.'' As I said earlier, the rule of law isn't possible when the boss has his thumbs on the scales.  Further, the regional center program has serious national security risks that the Director hasn't addressed. He convened a working group with national security advisers but no formal product was finalized. The interagency collaborations seemed to fizzle. Whistleblowers say the working group was mere window dressing.  In the agency, employees received EB-5 applications from individuals with derogatory information about them in classified government files, but they were given little or no guidance about how to make sure that such were denied. Instead, they were pressured to approve applications as quickly as possible.  Simply put, the integrity of our immigration system is in question as long as the program continues without needed reforms which could be done this very day.  On May 15, 2012, Chairman Leahy and I wrote to Mr. Mayorkas regarding the program and expressed our concerns about the potential for abuse of the program. We asked for his commitment to administratively reform two aspects of the program. He responded that he was interested in the reforms. Yet it has been a long 19 months and he has taken no action.  Mr. Mayorkas says he is concerned with fraud and abuse of the program, but actions speak louder than words. Despite my recent letters with questions about fraud and security concerns, not to mention political influence, Mr. Mayorkas is either completely unwilling or unable to respond to the allegations.  I sat down with Chairman Carper on August 1, and he agreed that I deserved answers to my questions from the nominee. Now he has pressed forward without getting answers. I am truly surprised that this majority is not interested in getting to the bottom of these allegations--in other words, something that is under investigation--the same way that Senator Biden and Senator Obama demanded that we do during a previous Presidency.  If this body is unwilling to await the end of an investigation or if we aren't willing to conduct our own inquiry, one day this whole nomination will come back to bite us. As I said when B. Todd Jones was confirmed, eventually a situation will embarrass the Senate and damage the reputation of the Federal Government.  If this majority is determined to ignore ongoing investigations and at the same time ram through nominees, the American people should hold the Senate accountable for not doing its constitutional job--in fact, refusing to do its constitutional job.  I yield the floor.  