 President, today the Senate will consider the 10th judicial nomination this year. With today's expected action, we will have confirmed four circuit and six district nominees. At this point in 2005--and that was the beginning of President Bush's second term, comparable to what we are talking about for President Obama--the Senate had confirmed zero judicial nominees. Let me repeat that. At this point in 2005, the Senate had confirmed not 10, not 4, not even 1 judicial nominee, so that comes out to be zero.  The quick pace of this year comes on top of a very productive 112th Congress in which 111 judges were confirmed. In the last Congress, we confirmed more judges than any other Congress--going back 20 years to the 103rd Congress.  Despite this progress and our continued cooperation with the President and Senate Democrats, we continue to hear unfounded criticism.  For example, last week the White House spokesperson criticized the Senate for what he characterized as arbitrary and unique delays in getting nominees confirmed. In a previous post on its website, the White House complained about unprecedented delays in the Senate confirmation process.  While acknowledging the Senate had confirmed nine judicial nominees this year, the White House noted that ``these nine judges waited 144 days for a floor vote, compared to President Bush's nominees who waited an average of 34 days for a vote at this point in President Bush's presidency.''  As I stated, at the same point in 2005, none of President Bush's nominees had been confirmed--not one.  The purported statistic of the ``average of 34 days'' is without foundation. It took until June for President Bush to reach 10 judicial confirmations. President Bush wouldn't have another lower court nomination until October of that year.  But that delay in confirmations wasn't because there weren't nominees. By the beginning of April 2005, 21 judicial nominations had been submitted to the Senate.  President Bush's first four confirmations came in April 2005. The first two of those nominees were nominated in September 2004 and confirmed about 6 months later.  The other two nominees waited much longer. Robert Conrad was first nominated April 28, 2003 to the Western District of North Carolina.  He was confirmed a full 2 years later on April 28, 2005--not 34 days, as the White House implies.  His colleague, James C. Dever III, nominated for the Eastern District of North Carolina, waited even longer. He was first nominated in May 2002 and waited nearly 3 years before being confirmed on April 28, 2005.  So this notion of unprecedented, unique and arbitrary delays simply ignores the facts and, in the process, distorts history.  In addition to the White House, we hear Senate Democrats grumbling about nominations and calls for changing the rules of the Senate. Of course, the majority would have to break the rules to change the rules.  Such intemperate comments utterly fail to recognize the work the Senate has already accomplished in approving judges.  The purported justification is the number of judges on the calendar--presently at 15. Where was their similar concern in April 2004, when the number of nominees on the Executive Calendar was nearly double what it is today?  A second prong of this debate concerns the vacancy rate in the Federal judiciary. Blaming judicial vacancies on the Senate confirmation process is unfounded and a distortion of the process. The vacancy rate is due to the failure in the White House to send nominations to the Senate.  Presently, 62 of the 87 vacancies--71 percent--have no nominee. For the 35 vacancies categorized as ``judicial emergencies,'' only 9 have a nominee--74 percent have no nominee.  I would like to say a few words about today's nominee. I do have concerns about this nomination which have not been satisfied.  Unfortunately, I am unable to support the nomination, although I expect Judge Shwartz will be approved as a United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit. I congratulate her on her confirmation and hope that she performs her duties in a skilled manner, demonstrating judicial temperament, with respect for the law and Constitution.  This nomination started out troubled. Not because of Republican opposition, but because of concerns expressed by her home State Democratic Senator.  Originally, Judge Shwartz's home State Senator questioned her intellectual fitness for the court stating she ``did not adequately demonstrate the breadth of knowledge of constitutional law and pivotal Supreme Court decisions.''  Concerns were also expressed that she ``misapplied the application of strict scrutiny versus rational basis review'' and ``did not express substantive knowledge as to the scope of the rights of corporations under the Constitution or jurisprudence on the constitutional limits of Executive Branch powers.'' According to press reports, she specifically misapplied the law after speaking about Citizens United.  These are pretty serious issues. So, Judge Shwartz was asked about them during her hearing, specifically the discussion on Citizens United. But she denied it happened, testifying instead that she did not discuss any specific cases, only general principles.  However, in follow-up written questions for the record, Judge Shwartz changed her story and said that she and her home State Senator had discussed two specific cases: Citizens United and Roe v. Wade.  I find this after-the-fact disclosure troubling. Not only was it inconsistent with her hearing testimony, but it prevented me and other Senators from following up regarding what discussions she apparently had regarding Citizens United and Roe v. Wade.  Because of the ambiguity surrounding these interviews and Judge Shwartz's inconsistent testimony, questions remain as to what understandings were reached or what assurances Judge Shwartz may have given to gain support from her home State Senators.  Unfortunately, her Committee hearing failed to remove the doubts that were initially raised. Again, these were raised by her home State Senator.  Furthermore, because of her lack of candor at her hearing, I was unable to come to a determination that she is prepared to be a Circuit Judge. I share the doubts raised regarding her limited knowledge of constitutional law; misapplication of standards of review; and inadequate understanding of substantive areas of laws.  Accordingly, I cannot support this nomination. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record her biographical information.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Patty Shwartz is nominated to be United States Circuit      Judge for the Third Circuit. Judge Shwartz received a B.A      from Rutgers in 1983 and a J.D. from the University of      Pennsylvania Law School in 1986. Upon graduation, Judge      Shwartz worked for a year as an associate with the law firm      of Pepper, Hamilton & Scheetz. In 1987, Judge Shwartz began a      two-year clerkship with Judge Harold A. Ackerman of the U.S.      District Court of the District of New Jersey.       Immediately after her clerkship, she began a fourteen-year      career as a criminal prosecutor with the U.S. Attorney's      Office for the District of New Jersey. During her time as an      Assistant U.S. Attorney, she prosecuted individuals for      violent crime, drug trafficking, and white collar cases.      After several years, she was assigned to the Special      Prosecutions Division, handling public corruption cases. A      short time later, Judge Shwartz was promoted to Deputy Chief      of the Criminal Division where she supervised dozens of line      prosecutors. In February of 1999, she was promoted to Chief      of the Criminal Division, which she held until 2001.       In 2001, she began a brief stint as Executive Assistant      U.S. Attorney, supervising the Criminal, Civil, and Fraud      Divisions. In 2002, she returned to serve as Chief of the      Criminal Division, overseeing the expansion and      reorganization of the division. According to her      questionnaire, Judge Shwartz has tried more than fifteen      criminal cases to verdict.       In 2003, Judge Shwartz was appointed to be U.S. Magistrate      Judge for the District of New Jersey. As Magistrate Judge,      she has managed all aspects of the pre-trial process in over      4,000 cases. She is responsible for convening scheduling      conferences, resolving discovery disputes, ruling on      nondispositive motions, holding settlement conferences, and      presiding over final pretrial conferences.       As Magistrate, Judge Shwartz has presided over ``in whole      or in part'' more than 70 civil cases by consent of the      parties. She has presided over eleven jury trials (ten civil      cases and one criminal case) and twenty-two bench trials      (three civil cases and nineteen criminal cases) from start to      finish.       The American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the      Federal Judiciary gave her a unanimous ``Well Qualified''      rating.  