 Comey to become the next Director of the FBI. I will vote to invoke cloture and expect many of my colleagues will do the same.  The confirmation of a new FBI Director is a serious decision for this Chamber to consider. As a large Federal law enforcement agency, the FBI has numerous responsibilities and tremendous power. Only with quality leadership and proper Congressional oversight will the FBI be best equipped to fight crime, terrorism, and espionage.  I think the President has made a fine choice in selecting Mr. Comey as the next leader of the FBI, and I plan to explain my support for him as we approach Mr. Comey's confirmation vote.  I recognize there is a level of concern associated with this nomination regarding the use of drones by the FBI. I have been at the forefront of this issue, raising it last year with the Attorney General. The Attorney General gave me an incomplete answer as to the FBI's use of drones.  Accordingly, after there was disclosure that the FBI was using drones on U.S. soil for surveillance, I questioned Mr. Comey about the extent of that policy. This needs to be addressed by the new director, and I have Mr. Comey's assurance he will review the policy. I will be monitoring this closely, but we need a director in place, and we need to confirm this nomination this week.  Excellent leadership is only one ingredient in the recipe for success at any Federal agency. Another critical element is proper congressional oversight. And it is this component I fear too many of my colleagues have forgotten. Today, too many seem to believe that advice and consent really means rubberstamp and turn a blind eye. The American people deserve better than this approach to confirmations.  Over the last few months, I have observed an alarming pattern. Too often, this administration submits subpar nominees while simultaneously obstructing any legitimate oversight by this Congress. Sadly, many of my colleagues appear to be choosing to ignore any effort to correct it. Let me cite just a few examples.  We saw how Mr. Perez, an assistant attorney general, brokered an unwritten deal that cost the taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars. My colleagues on the other side largely ignored the shady deal. Mr. Perez tried to cover his tracks, but got caught leaving a voicemail that was recorded. Even then, my colleagues dismissed it. And when he was caught concealing evidence of the deal on his personal email accounts, he defied a lawfully issued congressional subpoena and refused to turn over the documentation. Incredibly, his defiance was ignored. Worse yet, for all this rotten behavior, the Senate rewarded him with a promotion by confirming him as Secretary of Labor.  We see the same thing occurring with the nomination of Mr. Mayorkas. The nominee for the No. 2 position at the Department of Homeland Security is the target of an open investigation by the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security. The IG is investigating allegations that the nominee procured a visa as a political favor, even though the visa was properly rejected.  Incredibly, the Senate Committee pressed on with the hearing despite unanimous objection from the minority for moving forward in the midst of an open investigation.  That is incredible to me--a Senate Committee would move forward with a nominee who has an open investigation into the nominee's conduct. I wish this were a unique occurrence, but based on recent experience in the Judiciary Committee, it is not an isolated event. This is exactly what happened recently in the Senate Judiciary Committee with respect to Mr. B. Todd Jones, the nominee to be Director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms.  Earlier this year, I learned the Office of Special Counsel was investigating Mr. Jones in a complaint that he retaliated against a whistleblower in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Minnesota.  In the Judiciary Committee, it has been the Committee's practice when a nominee is the subject of an open investigation, the Committee generally does not move forward until the issues are resolved. Because of this practice, I objected to holding his hearing last month and requested the hearing be postponed to allow the investigation to finish.  My request was denied. I then objected to putting him on the committee agenda until the non-partisan investigation was complete. Again, my request was rejected. And now, despite the fact there remains an open complaint of whistleblower retaliation against Mr. Jones before the Office of Special Counsel, his nomination will soon be considered by the full Senate.  I want all my colleagues to know what happened because I am quite concerned by the direction it has taken, especially in light of the fact this practice seems to be spreading into other Senate committees as well.  Over the past few months, there has been correspondence between my office and the Office of Special Counsel regarding the status of their proceedings.  I had previously received a copy of an anonymous letter to the Office of Special Counsel making various allegations against Mr. Jones. I sent a letter to OSC on April 8, asking for an update on those allegations. On April 12, the Office of Special Counsel responded that there were two pending matters involving the U.S. Attorney's Office, District of Minnesota, where Mr. Jones is the United States Attorney. The first matter was a prohibited personnel practice complaint alleging reprisal for whistleblowing and other protected activity. The second matter was a whistleblower disclosure, alleging gross mismanagement and abuses of authority.  The complaint, filed by an Assistant United States Attorney in the office, alleged that personnel actions, including a suspension and a lowered performance appraisal, were taken in retaliation for protected whistleblowing or other protected activity.  On June 5, OSC provided the committee with an update to the two pending cases. It reported the whistleblower disclosure case had been closed based on its determination that the information provided was insufficient to determine with a substantial likelihood that gross mismanagement, an abuse of authority, or a violation of a law, rule, or regulation had occurred. Accordingly, OSC closed that case file.  OSC's action to close the whistleblower disclosure case was not based on any investigation by that office. That action was merely a determination based on a technical review of the complaint document itself. It was not a finding on the merits of the complaint.  With regard to the other issue, the prohibited personnel practice, I was informed the complaint was referred for investigation. Subsequently the complainant and Justice Department agreed to mediation. I was told that if mediation was unsuccessful, the case would return to OSC's Investigation and Prosecution Division for further investigation.  My colleagues should understand that, of all the complaints received by OSC, only about 10 percent of them merit an investigation. This case was one of them. Why did the career, nonpartisan staff at OSC forward the case for investigation? Presumably because they thought it needed to be investigated. That says something about the likely merits of the case.  Before the hearing, there was disagreement regarding the status of the Special Counsel's investigation. Accordingly, I contacted the Special Counsel, inquiring as to the status of the complaints. The Special Counsel confirmed for the second time that the investigation remains open. She stated, ``The reassignment of the case for mediation did not result in the matter being closed.''  Despite this, and over my objection, on June 11, the committee went forward with a hearing on the Jones nomination. We were told Mr. Jones' hearing needed to be held in order for him to have an opportunity to respond to the Office of Special Counsel complaints. I would note that a similar rationale was used to justify the Mayorkas hearing--to publicly address the allegations against the nominee. In Mr. Jones' case, in advance of the hearing, the Department of Justice sent a letter to me stating: ``Mr. Jones looks forward to answering your questions about these matters during his nominations hearing. . . .''  Additionally, Mr. Jones was quoted in the Star Tribune as saying, ``I am looking forward to meeting with the Committee and answering all their questions.''  However, as I expected, the hearing provided no information to the committee with regard to the open Special Counsel investigation. At the hearing, Mr. Jones said he could not talk about the complaint. Of course, this negated the whole reason why the hearing had even been scheduled.  At his hearing, my first question to Mr. Jones was about the investigation. This is his reply:       Because those complaints are confidential as a matter of      law, I have not seen the substance of the complaints, nor can      I comment on them. I have learned more from your statement      today than I knew before I came here this morning about the      nature and substance of the complaint.  A few questions later, I inquired of Mr. Jones, ``Will you answer the complaints about the Assistant U.S. Attorney--because that is why you are here today?''  He replied:       Well, quite frankly, Senator, I am at a disadvantage with      the facts. There is a process in place. I have not seen the      OSC complaint. I do know that our office, working with the      Executive Office of U.S. Attorneys, is in the process of      responding to the issues that you have talked about this      morning, but I have not had the opportunity to either be      interviewed or have any greater knowledge about what the OSC      complaint is.''  So there we were, left with an open investigation of serious allegations of whistleblower retaliation. We were told the hearing was the opportunity for us to question the nominee and get these questions answered, but the nominee couldn't even talk about them at all.  This put the Committee in the position of either allowing time for the Office of Special Counsel to do its job or looking into the matter for ourselves before proceeding.  Strangely, late in the day before the hearing, the Majority offered to conduct some interviews the Friday following the hearing. That was quite perplexing to me. We were going to begin the investigation after the hearing had concluded. I could not remember when the committee had ever conducted an investigation after a nominee's hearing.  The day after the hearing, the chairman's staff indicated to the media we were conducting a bipartisan probe. The media reported the majority staff had offered to conduct a bipartisan inquiry into the matters before the Office of Special Counsel.  However, I am disappointed to report there was no genuine effort to gather all the facts. The majority only agreed to jointly interview one witness, the whistleblower himself. However, the majority refused to look into the substance of the whistleblower's claims. Even more troubling, it quickly turned into an inquiry of the whistleblower rather than into the alleged retaliatory action done by the nominee.  The majority reached its own conclusion that it was not a whistleblower matter at all, but a personnel matter wherein management simply imposed discipline on a disruptive or insubordinate employee. However, there was never a factual record before the committee to support this conclusion.  The majority determined the whistleblower is an uncooperative witness for being ``unwilling to provide documents''--meaning his personnel file.  The whistleblower in this instance is an Assistant U.S. Attorney with 30 years of Federal service, 24 years of which he has served in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Minnesota. He has extensive leadership experience and in 2012 received the Assistant Attorney General's Distinguished Achievement Award.  It should be quite alarming to us all that a staff investigation of a whistleblower's complaint would be twisted around into an apparent attempt to investigate the whistleblower.  I have worked with many Federal Government whistleblowers over the years and this is exactly the type of treatment that whistleblowers fear. It is one of the main reasons they are afraid to come forward. This type of treatment raises serious concerns.  Unfortunately, I have come to expect this out of the Federal Government agencies--attacking the whistleblower rather than investigate the underlying problem. I have seen it over and over again. But this sort of inquiry shouldn't be the way the Senate deals with whistleblowers or others who come forward to testify.  The Senate cannot conduct itself this way. We cannot ignore ongoing investigations. In my opinion, we are neglecting our constitutional obligations. Eventually, one of these situations will embarrass the Senate, damage the reputation of the Federal Government, and, ultimately, probably cost the taxpayers, our constituents.  So I urge all of my colleagues to oppose taking further action at this time on the nomination of B. Todd Jones for Director of ATF, another nominee with an open investigation. I will vote no on cloture and encourage my colleagues to do likewise. This is about protecting the advice and consent function of the Senate.  The Senate should wait until the Office of Special Counsel has concluded its investigation and we know the truth about his retaliatory conduct against a protected whistleblower.There will be time to debate the other substantive concerns regarding this nomination. There may be additional reasons why my colleagues should oppose Mr. Jones's nomination. Other Senators may vote to confirm the nominee.  But as a starting point, we should all be in agreement that it is imprudent and unwise for the Senate to give final consideration to any nominee where there is an open investigation into that nominee's conduct. The Senate cannot abdicate its duty to advise and consent on these nominees and simply rubberstamp them.  As we consider this nomination, as well as a number of other nominations this week, I would urge my colleagues to ponder what a Federal agency needs in order to be best positioned to succeed. In my opinion, a Federal agency needs at least two things: a quality leader and proper congressional oversight. I think this is especially relevant as we consider the next Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  The Federal Bureau of Investigation is a powerful law enforcement agency facing numerous challenges today.  First and foremost, the FBI is still undergoing a transformation from a Federal law enforcement agency to a national security agency. Following 9/11, the FBI's mission changed. Director Mueller was immediately thrust into the role of reinventing a storied law enforcement agency into a national security agency.  While Director Mueller rose to the challenge and made tremendous strides in accomplishing this transformation, that job is not yet complete. It is still adjusting to prevent domestic terrorism. It must grow to combat the growing threat of cybercrimes that threaten our national security, our economy, and our infrastructure. The FBI needs a Director to continue to guide it as it rises to counter these serious threats.  Second, the FBI must confront the growing concerns over the use of invasive methods of gathering information on American citizens. One example would be the proper use of drones by domestic law enforcement agencies. Last year I raised this issue with the Attorney General. It now appears his response was less than forthright. This year, I raised the issue with Director Mueller and again with Mr. Comey, today's nominee.  Frankly, it is going to require a Director who is knowledgeable on the subject, the law, and who is willing to work with Congress in order craft the best policy with regard to this technology's potential use in domestic law enforcement.  Third, a host of legacy problems at the FBI remain unsolved. The FBI has struggled to develop a working case management computer system. Management concerns remain about the proper personnel balance between special agents and analysts. It has yet to effectively manage agent rotations to the Washington, DC headquarters. A real or perceived double standard of discipline between line agents and management must be repaired. Significant concerns about internal FBI policies dealing with whistleblower retaliation exist. Each of these matters must be addressed as they threaten to undermine the hard work of the employees at the FBI.  The position of FBI Director is unique in that it is a 10-year appointment subject to the advice and consent of the Senate. This 10-year term was extended 2 years ago on a one-time only basis. The extension allowed Director Mueller to serve an additional time period as the President failed to nominate a replacement. At the time, we held a special hearing to discuss the importance of a term limit for the FBI Director. One of the reasons Congress created a 10-year term was to ensure accountability of the FBI.  Today, we vote on the nomination of James B. Comey for Director. Mr. Comey has a distinguished legal career. After graduating from the University of Chicago Law School in 1985, Mr. Comey clerked for Hon. John M. Walker, Jr., U.S. district judge for the Southern District of New York.  In 1986, he began his legal career with Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher, LLP, where he focused on civil litigation. In 1987, Mr. Comey became an assistant U.S. attorney in the Southern District of New York, eventually serving as deputy chief of the Criminal Division.  He left the Department of Justice to return to private practice in 1993, joining McGuireWoods, LLP. While at McGuireWoods, he served as a deputy special counsel on the U.S. Senate Special Committee to Investigate Whitewater and Related Matters. During this time, he also served as an adjunct professor at the University of Richmond Law School.  In 1996, Mr. Comey returned to government service as Managing Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Office of the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia. By 2002, Mr. Comey was appointed U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York. And in December 2003, he was appointed Deputy Attorney General, a position he served with honor and distinction until 2005, when he left government service.  However, I would like to point out, and I think Mr. Comey would agree, that perhaps one of the best indicators about his judgment is that he had the smarts to marry an Iowan.  At his confirmation hearing, Mr. Comey addressed many concerns raised by Senators from both sides of the aisle. His answers were direct and thoughtful. On subjects with which he was familiar, he spoke intelligently and straightforward. If he didn't know enough, he said so. There was no trying to hide the ball or cover for his lack of expertise in a particular area. In short, it was a refreshing change from the many nominees who come up here and try to parrot to Senators what nominees think we want to hear.  Not so with Mr. Comey. In fact, several times when pressed on his views on a specific FBI policy, such as FBI whistleblower policies or domestic drone use, he confessed he had little or no knowledge of the current FBI policy but promised to thoroughly review the existing policies in place and the legal and moral issues surrounding the controversies. Furthermore, he pledged to work with Congress by being responsive to our inquiries for information.  Now, these promises are not unique to Mr. Comey. Almost every nominee promises the Senate that he or she will be responsive to our concerns and requests for information. Sadly, especially under this administration, once confirmed, we rarely get an adequate response until right before that individual has an oversight hearing before a Senate or House Committee. I can only hope that Mr. Comey's efforts to be more transparent will not be stymied by the Department of Justice.  As I said, I think that if any Federal agency, but especially the FBI, is to succeed, it needs quality leadership and proper congressional oversight. After examining his record, I think that Mr. Comey will prove to be that leader. Only time will tell, however, if this administration will allow Mr. Comey to engage the Congress and allow us to perform our constitutional duty of oversight to ensure that existing legislation and policies best serve this nation.  I thank Mr. Comey for his willingness to return to public service. And I urge my colleagues to support his nomination.  