 President, I want to give my colleagues a point of view on the immigration bill before the Senate from somebody other than a Senator.  In the weekend Des Moines Register, there was an article called ``Another View: Immigration reform plan adds disorder to a failing system'' by Mark H. Metcalf, who had been an immigration judge and now is a county attorney in the State of Kentucky.  I am quoting:       The most recent push for immigration reform is compelling.      True to our heritage of inclusion, it succeeds. False to our      tradition of rule of law, it fails.  For any law to forge consensus, it must appeal to both fairness and common sense. The measure now on the U.S. Senate floor fails this litmus.       What is sold as a means to simplify and dignify one of our      most important national institutions--immigration and      naturalization--mandates complexity and much of the same      disorder that got us where we are today. The bill's neglect      of an effective court system only aggravates this disorder.       America's immigration courts are weak, and this latest      measure keeps them that way. Put simply, immigration courts      cannot impose order. Few aliens ordered removed after years      of litigation are ever deported.       Edward Grant, a senior immigration appeals judge, noted      this impasse in 2006.  Then he quotes Edward Grant: ``All should be troubled that only a small fraction of [deportation orders] . . . is actually executed.''       And he was right. A 2003 Justice Department report found      only 3 percent of aliens free during trial were actually      removed after courts ruled against them. Those who deserve      relief fare just as poorly.       By last count, more than 330,000 cases were backlogged.      This historic dysfunction offers a glimpse of things to come      if the current version of reform passes.       The cause of this dysfunction is simple. Immigration courts      have no authority over immigration enforcement agencies.      Unlike federal district courts that have U.S. marshals, among      others, to execute their orders, federal immigration courts      have no such muscle.       Numbers tell the story.       Some 11 million illegal aliens now live in the U.S. Visa      overstayers--those who entered America legally and then      refused to leave--comprise 40 percent of this total. The rest      crossed unguarded borders and entered illegally. Both groups      brought children with them. From these two populations, 1.2      million deportation orders remain unexecuted.       The immigration courts observed this dysfunction first      hand. From 1996 through 2012, the U.S. permitted some 2.2      million aliens to remain free before trial. Nearly 900,000 of      these individuals--39 percent of the total--skipped court and      disappeared.       In the shadow of 9/11, things were even worse. From 2002      through 2006, half of all aliens free awaiting trial      vanished. Nothing in the details now being debated addresses      this systemic defect, and continued neglect will only      diminish public support for worthy initiatives intended to      elevate the foreign-born.       Fine improvements dot the present legislation. Enhancements      that protect lawful American workers, recruitment of the      highly skilled into our tech-driven economy, and real-time      tracking of visa holders into and out of ports of entry      provide overdue fixes.       Emphasis on border security demonstrates a seriousness      absent from earlier proposals. Those illegally brought to the      U.S. as children--better known as ``Dreamers''--earn tracks      to citizenship incentivized through higher education and      military service.  Now, let me editorialize here. There are two paragraphs where he says good things about this legislation. I do not necessarily agree with a couple of those points.  Now continuing to quote:       Some reworking is needed; but this value-added approach      appeals to our better instincts as a nation. Problems      persist, though, in that essential mechanism upon which a      rule of law nation depends: effective courts.       While the bill authorizes 225 new judges, judicial      authority declines. Deportation orders are further enfeebled.      Aliens deported from the U.S. may apply to come back, and the      thousands who skipped court can request a waiver--and get in      line with the many who played by the rules.       Fraud is enabled. Courts and immigration agencies alike      will be required to accept--without independent      verification--aliens' claims to work and residency that make      them eligible for the path to citizenship.       Constitutional protections are turned upside down.  Here I editorialize. Listen to this on how our laws are turned upside down. Continuing to quote:       Aliens in civil deportation proceedings will receive      counsel on demand, while citizens receive counsel only when      facing criminal charges and only after proving they are      indigent.  So again editorializing, it gives more constitutional rights and more legal counsel than the common criminal in this country might get.       Order is subverted. Even felons who are subject to      deportation may seek injunctions that allow them to remain in      the U.S. In the end, courts that spent years deciding the      cases of those who should be removed will see their orders      overturned by waivers that mock the judicial process.       America's immigration courts express fundamental confidence      in those who embrace our shores and the redemptive power of      our democracy. For the immigrant in particular, they reveal      the beginnings of accountability that are a surety of our      exceptionalism.       But ignored by administrations both Republican and      Democrat, these courts have ceased to do the critical work      for which they were created--to definitively decide the      claims of those who ask to join our nation and see that those      decisions are impartially enforced.       So now, instead of debating how we extend the great prize      of American citizenship to more of the world's bright and      talented, Congress argues whether felons should be deported.      This is the small-ball politics that has sabotaged public      confidence in immigration. It shows how far we have fallen      both in the mission of these special courts and with      immigration in general.       Courts without authority cannot provide order. Even less      can they assure liberty.       Only independent and empowered courts are an equal match      for the certain risks and superior opportunities that      American immigration offers. History proves them not just a      priceless check against tyranny, but also an effective      antidote for drifting government agencies that delay relief      to the deserving and deny sanction to the offender.       Such courts are a necessary complement to immigration      reform that is inclusive, accountable and commands consensus.  That is the end of the article in the Des Moines Register by this former immigration judge, Mark H. Metcalf.  I thank my colleagues for listening to this, and I yield the floor.  