  Earlier this week I outlined my general objection to the Senate proceeding to a final vote on the confirmation of Mr. B. Todd Jones, the nominee to be Director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms. As I explained, the Senate should not be voting on a nomination when there is an open investigation.  In this case the Office of Special Counsel is investigating Mr. Jones in a complaint that he retaliated against a whistleblower in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Minnesota.  Because of the way this nomination was handled in committee, I was able to conduct only a limited investigation. But what I found should give all of us pause--real pause--on this nomination because it gives me concern about Mr. Jones's leadership ability and raises doubts about whether he should be promoted to head this office.  According to both the whistleblowing assistant U.S. attorney and the former head of the FBI in Minnesota, relationships with Federal, State, and local authorities deteriorated significantly under Jones's leadership. The problems primarily involved agencies that worked drug cases and violent crime.  Mr. Jones addressed the issue in a meeting with criminal prosecutors in his office. According to the whistleblower, following that meeting, Mr. Jones came to the whistleblower's office and asked for his candid opinion of what could be done about the problem.  The whistleblower gave Jones his candid opinion, and a few weeks later he put it in writing what he had told Jones during this meeting. His e-mail to Jones included allegations of mismanagement by one of his supervisors, the head of the Narcotics and Violent Crime Unit.  The very next day, that supervisor called that whistleblower on the carpet and, according to the whistleblower, interrogated him about his work in search of a pretext to discipline him.  Failing to find a substantive reason to discipline him, his supervisors then suspended him for 5 days for his demeanor during the meeting. Now, based on what we know at this point, it certainly looks like retaliation, and it helps explain why the Office of Special Counsel believed these allegations merited further investigation. Remember, only about 10 percent, 1 in 10 of these types of allegations is selected for investigation by the Special Counsel.  To be fair, we do not know the full story. The Office of Special Counsel has not finished its investigation into the matter. But this fact remains: There is an open investigation of serious allegations of whistleblower retaliation, and because that investigation remains open, this body--the Senate of the United States--should have the full information about the nominee, and itdoes not have it, and it should have it before voting on that nomination.  These are serious charges. The public interest demands resolution of these issues. Members of the Senate are entitled to know if these charges have merit. Members of the Senate are entitled to the complete record.  So everyone should ask, Why then are we voting on a nomination on which there is an open investigation and on a nominee where we do not have the complete information? To me, the answer is obvious: We should not be conducting this vote until this matter is resolved.  I would like to highlight a few comments contained in a recent letter from the National Whistleblowers Center. That organization, since 1988, has been supporting whistleblowers.  The center opposes a vote on this nomination ``until there is a complete and thorough investigation into his treatment of employee-whistleblowers.'' This is exactly what I am requesting today: a ``no'' vote to give the time to complete this investigation.  The National Whistleblowers Center notes that the Office of Special Counsel's investigation remains open. Again, I agree with their contention; namely, ``that office should be able to complete its inquiry in due course, without any pressure triggered by the nomination process.''  I am surprised to hear rumblings about my opposition to this nominee based on this particular matter. It seems some are asking the question, What does this whistleblower retaliation have to do with the ATF? Why is this investigation even relevant?  I sincerely hope my colleagues have not forgotten about the disaster of Operation Fast and Furious--an absolute failure by the former leadership of the ATF. In that case, the former ATF leadership and the ex-U.S. attorney retaliated against the brave whistleblowers who alerted authorities about this botched operation of Fast and Furious. A U.S. attorney in Arizona had to resign because of his retaliatory conduct against whistleblowers.  Based in part on that history, I am extremely hesitant to place at the head of that agency this individual who has been accused of retaliation against a whistleblower and, as Acting Director of ATF, Mr. Jones sends a very chilling message to all the employees of that organization.  Mr. Jones was caught on video, so we know exactly what he said. He was caught on video making very disturbing statements specifically targeted at discouraging ATF agents from blowing the whistle.  Let me remind you, whistleblowers are patriotic Americans who think the law ought to be followed and the government do what the law says.  He told these whistleblowers:       [I]f you don't respect the chain of command, if you don't      find the appropriate way to raise your concerns to your      leadership, there will be consequences.  Wouldn't that scare anybody who worked in that organization?  Of course, blowing the whistle requires going outside the chain of command to report wrongdoing. If you do not get the benefit of people listening to you within, then it is your constitutional responsibility to go outside and report violation of law. So telling employees there will be consequences for going outside the chain of command is the same thing as telling them there will be consequences for whistleblowing.  This video was seen by several employees in the U.S. Attorney's Office of Minnesota, also headed by Mr. Jones in his other capacity. These employees wrote to the Office of Special Counsel referencing the video, stating that they had ``felt for the employees of ATF as we too have had the same types of statements made to us.''  They then said Mr. Jones ``ha[d] instituted a climate of fear, ha[d] pushed employees out of the office, dismissed employees wrongly, violated the hiring practices of the EEOC, and put in place an Orwellian style of management that continues to polarize the office.''  As I mentioned, the former head of the FBI in Minnesota also wrote to the committee about Mr. Jones. In that letter, he wrote:       As a retired FBI senior executive, I am one of the few      voices able to publicly express our complete discontent with      Mr. Jones' ineffective leadership and poor service provided      to the federal law enforcement community without fear of      retaliation or retribution from him.  Meaning from Mr. Jones.  Those are chilling words, as I have said twice. They corroborate what members of his staff have said and are consistent with the whistleblower retaliation complaint.  The former FBI Special Agent in Charge continued with this report:       [Mr. Jones] was, and still remains, a significant      impediment for federal law enforcement to effectively protect      the citizens of Minnesota. . . .  As the Minneapolis Star Tribune reported on December 31, 2012:       Criminal prosecutions have dropped dramatically at the U.S.      Attorney's office in Minneapolis under the leadership of B.      Todd Jones, rankling some in law enforcement.  But then the article continued:       Several federal and state law enforcement sources said that      the U.S. Attorney's office refused to prosecute drug and      violent crime cases that would have been snapped up by Jones'      predecessors. None agreed to be quoted, saying they must      maintain a relationship with the U.S. Attorney's Office.  My investigation revealed that during Mr. Jones's tenure as U.S. attorney, several people allege that relationships with other Federal law enforcement agencies deteriorated also. Now, why would we want to confirm as Director of the ATF someone who has a poor track record working with Federal law enforcement?  Since the majority insisted on moving forward without waiting for the Office of Special Counsel to complete its work, on July 2 I wrote to the FBI, the DEA, and ICE seeking information about the deteriorating relationship between Federal law enforcement and the U.S. Attorney's Office under Mr. Jones's leadership. I have received no replies to that request.  In addition to his record as U.S. attorney for the District of Minnesota, what about Mr. Jones's record as Acting Director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms? It is no secret that there have been a number of controversial events that Mr. Jones has been involved in to one degree or another. I have sent numerous letters to the department requesting information from and about Mr. Jones. In many cases, I have received no response or an incomplete response. Here is a sampling:  On Fast and Furious--on October 12, 2011, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee subpoenaed records of the Attorney General's advisory committee relating to Operation Fast and Furious during a period Jones was committee chair. I reiterated that request on April 10, 2013.  No. 2, ATF's accountability for Fast and Furious. On October 19, 2012, and January 15, 2013, I requested information on which ATF employees would be disciplined for their role in Fast and Furious.  No. 3, Fast and Furious interview request. From October 7, 2011, through January 2012, I requested a staff interview with Jones regarding Fast and Furious. I reiterated that request to Mr. Jones on April 10, 2013.  No. 4, interview request on Reno, NV, ATF office. My April 10, 2013, letter also indicated that Mr. Jones's failure to act on Reno management issues was another area of questions to be covered in a staff interview.  No. 5, interview request on Operation Fearless. My April 10, 2013, letter indicated that the botched Operation Fearless in Milwaukee was another area of questions to be covered in a staff interview.  No. 6, document request on Operation Fearless. On May 10 of this year, I sent Mr. Jones a letter requesting a copy of the Office of Professional Responsibility and Security Operations report on the botched Milwaukee storefront operation.  No. 7, on the St. Paul and quid pro quo matter, I was able to have a staff interview with Mr. Jones. Just to remind my colleagues about the issue I will tell you, briefly, on February 3, 2012, the Department of Justice and the City of St. Paul struck a deal. The terms of the quid pro quo were as follows: The Department declined to intervene in two False Claims Act cases that were pending against St. Paul, and St. Paul withdrew its petition before the U.S. Supreme Court on the Magner case, a case that observers believed would invalidate the use of disparate impact theory under the Fair Housing Act.  But this was no ordinary settlement. Instead of furthering the ends of justice, this settlement prevented the courts from reviewing potentially meritorious claims and the recovery of hundreds of millions of dollars for the U.S. Treasury.  The U.S. attorney in Minnesota at the time of the quid pro quo, Mr. Jones, was serving both as U.S. attorney and Acting Director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. Mr. Jones was interviewed by the committee staff as part of the investigation on March 8, 2013. However, before agreeing to the interview, the department demanded that staff not be permitted to ask Mr. Jones any further questions other than those involving quid pro quo.  Questions remain about whether he was effectively managing both jobs as the U.S. attorney and Acting Director. For example, when asked by committee staff about his failure to attend a seminal meeting between the department's civil division and representatives from the City of St. Paul, which occurred in December 2011, he stated that he did not attend because he had an event at ATF that precluded his attendance. When pressed further, Mr. Jones indicated the important event at ATF was a holiday party called ``sweet treats.''  He felt it was more important that he attend that event than it was to attend his crucial meeting----  