 I raised many of these issues with Mr. Jones at his hearing and in written questions for the record. But in too many instances Mr. Jones was unable or unwilling to provide an adequate response. Unfortunately, I have a lingering concern about his candor during his testimony. With this record before us, it should be apparent to all of my colleagues that the Senate should not move forward with Mr. Jones' nomination.  First, the Senate has yet to learn the results from the investigations of Office of Special Counsel; two, the Senate has not had an opportunity to hear Mr. Jones address those allegations himself. Point blank he told the committee he could not speak about them because of the open investigation; third, the Senate should recognize a troubling pattern indicating the nominee's inability to work with Federal law enforcement and whistleblowers; four, his involvement in a number of botched operations showing unacceptable management style or capability.  Elevating an individual with such a record is not how you rehabilitate the reputation, image, and culture of Federal law enforcement agencies still recovering from the disastrous scandal of Fast and Furious. I do not believe we should simply rubberstamp this nomination and sweep the alarming allegations under the rug.  I would hope that further action on the nomination pause until these matters are resolved. Before I close, I wish to address one additional matter. I have heard it argued from the majority that there is an urgency to get this nomination confirmed because ATF has not had a confirmed Director for 7 years. President Bush made a nomination in March 2007. That nomination was held up in the Senate based on concerns regarding ATF's hostility to small gun dealers and the nominee's apparent indifference to their concerns.  President Obama did not nominate a Director until November 17, 2010. That is 2 years into his first term. That individual's nomination stalled because neither the White House nor the nominee responded to our requests for additional information. Rather than respond to our requests so that nomination might move forward or withdraw that nomination and send up another, the White House did nothing for 2 years.  The nomination of Mr. Jones was not sent up to the Senate until the beginning of this year. So for the past 4\1/2\ years, the vacancy is the responsibility of the White House. I do not think that supports their contention that there is a crisis because of a lack of a Senate-confirmed nominee.  In any event, the prudent course for the Senate, and what I support, is to wait a short while, until the open complaint is resolved. I urge my colleagues to vote against cloture.  I yield the floor.  