 President, the only unanimous consent request I am going to make is at the end of my remarks I will ask for inclusion of something in the Record.  I wish to share with the public what is taking place on the immigration bill before us. Unfortunately, very little is taking place. We have been on the floor of the Senate considering this bill for 2\1/2\ weeks, and only 13 amendments have been disposed of. We have had nine rollcall votes on amendments, and three of those amendments were tabling votes. Yet over 550 amendments have been filed to this bill. Senators are still filing amendments. The fact is less than 3 percent of all amendments filed have actually been considered. For a process that was labeled as ``fairand open,'' with the invitation to file amendments, even from the people who wrote the bill, the Gang of 8, it has become laughable.  Our side has been asking for votes. We have tried to call up amendments. Last night we sent a list of 34 amendments over to the majority and requested votes on them. I am told they have refused that list, and I think it is because there are some tough votes on those amendments. They want to limit the number of amendments that can be considered. They want to choose the amendments. In a sense, they want to tell Republicans which amendments we can offer from our side.  That is not right. I am very disappointed not just for myself but for a lot of other Members of the body. There is no deliberation. It seems as though there is no path forward to have votes to make the bill better. And, of course, this isn't the way to legislate. Immigration reform is an important matter. We have to get it right. We shouldn't rush a bill just to get it done, especially if we are going to pass a bad bill. This bill shouldn't be rushed if we are getting it wrong. We have to get it right. It is unfortunate that what has happened on the floor of the Senate--9 rollcall votes out of 550 amendments, and counting, that have been filed. So much for the world's greatest deliberative body.  Immigration reform hasn't been debated on this floor since 2007, and as far as I can remember, a major piece of legislation such as this on immigration hasn't passed the Senate since 1986.  It may seem that we have been on the bill for a long time. Compared to a lot of other issues, it has been a longer time. But most of the time has been spent delaying actual debate and consideration of amendments, while Members craft a grand bargain compromise behind closed doors. Of course, that has been adopted at this point in the process.  Unfortunately, it appears this bill has been precooked, deals have been made, and apparently having an open debate on amendments to the bill isn't part of that deal on any more than the few amendments we have discussed--particularly those amendments that could substantively change the underlying bill for the better. So we get the impression that, sorry, the kitchen is closed.  What has happened? We are supposed to be the most deliberative body in the world. We pride ourselves on that. But now we are going to rely on the House of Representatives to do our job to be deliberative and to fix this legislation. I have great hopes when this process is done through conference that I can vote for a bill that will go to the President of the United States.  As I have said before, the Judiciary Committee markup was full and open, and I have complimented Chairman Leahy many times on that point. It is too bad that process couldn't have been carried out here on the floor of the Senate.  Whether members were pleased in committee with the vote results for their amendments, in committee the members at least had the opportunity to offer amendments for debate and consideration. Amendments were debated. Amendments were voted on. But that hasn't been the case in the last 2\1/2\ weeks here on the Senate floor.  We have tried to offer amendments to this over 1,000-page-long bill. The majority is shutting us out. They have gotten the votes they need to pass this bill through Members getting their favorite amendments into the bill, and some of these seem to me to be special interest provisions and some of them tend to be like the cornhusker kickback sweeteners of ObamaCare fame. Now we are getting the door to the shop closed.  It is important for the public to know we have tried to make this bill better by trying to offer amendments. We have given the other side a list, and I think it has been flatly refused. It is not too much to ask for this number of amendments to be considered. That list had 34 amendments--that is 34 amendments out of 550 filed. Senators want to see a lot more amendments considered and voted on, but we have limited the number to 34.  I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record the list of amendments we asked the majority to consider before final passage.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       1. Grassley 1570--gangs       2. Vitter-#1577 or 1578--moves trigger in Corker-Hoeven      before RPI       3. Vitter--Strike Amnesty (#1474)       4. Vitter--Voter Integrity Protection Act (#1290)       5. Vitter--Child Tax Credit (#1289)       6. Vitter-1473--no RPI status for convicted drunk drivers       7. Vitter-1445--WIRE Act       8. Vitter--Sanctuary Cities 1291       9. Vitter--VAWA 1330       10. Inhofe-1560--Zadvydas, detention for longer than six      months       11. Sessions-1607--interior enforcement       12. Lee-1593--permits CBP agents to access federal lands      for immigration enforcement activities.       13. Lee-1210--absconders don't get RPI       14. Lee-1214--no sworn affidavits       15. Wicker 1606--sanctuary cities       16. Fischer 1594--English at RPI       17. Cruz-1579--replace title I with beefed up border      security measures       18. Cruz-1580--Obamacare defunding if people are in rpi      status.       19. Cruz-1581--proof of citizenship to vote       20. Cruz-1583--no citizenship       21. Cruz-1584--no benefits       22. Cruz-1585--H-1B increases       23. Cruz-1586--numerical limitations on permanent residents       24. Cornyn--1622--Strike RPI eligibility for domestic      violence, child abuse, and drunk driving offenders; require      interviews of criminals and previously deported       25. Cornyn-1619--Allow for national security and law      enforcement application information sharing;       26. Cornyn--Human Smuggling       27. Toomey--increase W guestworkers       28. Portman-1634--E verify       29. Coats-1563--Triggers: High Risk at RPI and effective      control before green cards       30. Hatch--back taxes       31. Coburn-#1616--Strikes judicial review, taxpayer funded      lawyers and new DOJ Office of Legal Access Programs for      aliens.       32. Coburn-#1612--Denies RPI to aliens convicted for      domestic violence, child abuse, assault with bodily injury,      violation of protection order, drunk driving, reduces      allowable misdemeanors making an alien ineligible for RPI and      eliminates the Secretary's ability to waive that provision.       33. Johnson--1 year application period       34. Johnson--EITC  