 President, yesterday we had the good fortune of receiving the Congressional Budget Office cost estimate of the immigration bill before the Senate, and I would like to mention two findings from the CBO report.  It says the bill will drive down wages. For legal American workers, the CBO estimates the bill would drive down their average wages.  Secondly, it says the bill will not stop illegal immigration. Despite promises of a secure border, the bill would slow future illegal immigration by only 25 percent, according to the CBO. In the next couple of decades, that would mean 7.5 million new undocumented immigrants coming to the country.  Before I dive into these two findings, let me remind my colleagues what was said by the authors of the bill. They said that undocumented immigrants and, hence, illegal migration would be a thing of the past. They said their bill included the toughest enforcement measures in history.  In their framework, the Group of 8 said they would write a bill which would ensure that the problem does not have to be revisited. They implied that their bill--similar to the 1986 bill--would take care of the problems once and for all. The obvious fact there is that the 1986 legislation said it would secure the border, but it never did secure the border. So we see the Group of 8 legislation before us as making the same mistakes we made in 1986.  As to what the Group of 8 said--that they would write a bill that would ensure that the problem does not have to be revisited--we find the Congressional Budget Office thinks entirely differently.  I may not always agree with CBO. I disagree with the fact that CBO has used dynamic economic effects to score this bill, when they do not use it on anything else. Yet they refuse to provide the dynamic scoring particularly on revenue bills. But everyone knows what the CBO says goes.  I always say on the Senate floor, CBO is god. If they say something is going to cost something, and you want to dispute what they say, you have to have 60 votes in this body to overturn a point of order against the CBO. It is very difficult to get 60 votes in the Senate, so that is when if they say something is something, it is something, and that makes them god around this town.  So I ask the proponents about these two key findings that I have pointedout: What do the proponents say about the fact that the influx of new immigrants would have the effect of bringing down the average wage for America's workforce?  This is exactly the point Peter Kirsanow, a member of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, argued before our Judiciary Committee on April 19. He said illegal immigration has a negative effect on the wages and employment levels of low-skilled workers, particularly African Americans.  The second question to the group: Is the fact that S. 744 will drive down wages acceptable to those who support the bill?  In the report, the ``CBO estimates that, under the bill, the net annual flow of unauthorized residents would decrease by about 25 percent relative to what would occur under current law.''  I wish to put in front of that 25 percent my own words: You mean if we pass this legislation, according to CBO, this legislation is only going to have the effect of lowering the illegal immigration by 25 percent, when we are led to believe they are going to overcome the problems we did not foresee in 1986, when we legalized--thought we did it once and for all; that would take care of it--and we find out now it did not take care of it. We legalized 3 million people, and now we have 12 million undocumented people here as well.  So let's just see. If the CBO is correct and the net flow of unauthorized residents would only decrease by about 25 percent, does that not indicate we will have to revisit the immigration issue again?  It is obvious this bill will not ensure that we are not back in this same position down the road, contrary to the promises of the Group of 8 that: We are going to write this legislation in a way that we will not have to revisit it. We said that very same thing in 1986, but here we are 25 years later with four times the number of undocumented workers than we had then.  The CBO also reported that while ``enforcement and employment verification requirements in the legislation would probably reduce the size of the U.S. population,'' other aspects of the bill will, in fact, ``probably increase the number of unauthorized residents--in particular, people overstaying their visas issued under the new programs for temporary workers.''  This bill favors legalization before border security and, apparently, will have no noticeable decrease in the net annual flow of unauthorized residents. The CBO says the bill will not stop the flow of illegal immigration.  If proponents are serious about stopping people from living here illegally--contrary to our law, a nation based upon the rule of law--they need to adopt commonsense legislation that will stop this flow, not merely reduce it by just 25 percent.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  