 I have to wonder: What will it take for him to admit his law is not working and at least call for a full delay?  Remember how all these big health insurance companies back in 2009 got behind the President's program for nationalizing our health insurance program. They put up a lot of money to sell it. Their lobbyists lobbied for it. What they ought to do is tell the American people what a big mistake they made because they are getting stuck with it right now--as I just quoted from this consultant from an insurance company.  It is time for us to admit that ObamaCare has not achieved the correct or desired results of an attempt--in other words, the definition of success as I stated earlier in my remarks. It has not been a success by any measure, unless, of course, you lower your standard to the point that the mere act of keeping the doors open is a success. How sad is it that after all we have been through--and we have been through a lot. Maybe, just maybe, it is time to admit that the massive restructuring has failed. It may be that partisanship has failed. Perhaps it is time to sit down and consider commonsense, bipartisan steps we could take to lower costs and improve quality. Perhaps we could enact alternative reforms aimed at solving America's biggest health care problems, such as revising the Tax Code to help individuals who buy their own health insurance; allowing people to purchase health coverage across State lines and form risk pools in the individual markets; expanding tax-free health savings accounts; making health care price and quality information more transparent; cracking down on frivolous medical malpractice lawsuits; using high-risk pools to insure people with preexisting conditions; giving States more freedom to improve Medicaid, such as Rhode Island got a few years ago and which seems to be a success; and using provider competition, consumer choice to bring down costs in Medicare, throughout the health care delivery system. The American people need to know this failed program is not the only answer.  I yield the floor.  I thank the Senator from New York for yielding to me. I forgot to say that earlier.  