 President, I have come to the floor several times to discuss border security. Border security is so essential to people approving the legislation that we pass because most every poll shows when people want an immigration bill, it is premised on the assumption that we are going to have a secured border.  I talked yesterday about my amendment, and that amendment tends to be pending. I tried to improve upon theGroup of 8 legislation on border security. I will take a few minutes right now--not very long--to discuss why I think my amendment is a good first step at restoring the faith of the American people--in this legislation, but in turn in our government.  I would like to mention why it is so important, not just for public confidence--because that is what I have spoken about in the past--but for national security and the defense of the homeland. Being a U.S. Border Patrol agent is a very dangerous job. A former agent said in an interview in the El Paso Times:       I was attacked one time by a group of seven men with rocks      and I was pretty severely injured. Being assaulted is not      really that uncommon. Whether it is rocks being thrown at you      or a hand-to-hand combat situation or being shot at, it is      not particularly uncommon.  We need a bill that will protect our Border Patrol agents who put their lives on the line every day and do their job of patrolling the border. They face threats and violence, and many, such as Brian Terry, have been killed because of gang violence or drug cartels. Not only do our Border Patrol agents face danger, but ranchers face daily encounters of drug smugglers and illegal border crossers.  Robert Krentz from Arizona, a rancher, was killed in 2010. His family expressed frustration with the Federal Government, stating:       The disregard of our repeated pleas and warnings of      impending violence towards our community fell on deaf ears,      shrouded in political correctness. As a result, we have paid      the ultimate price for their negligence in credibly securing      our borderlands.  No one can fault someone for wanting to improve their lot in life. Husbands and wives trek across the border to make a better life for them and for their families. People yearn to be free and to make life full of liberty and happiness. But people who cross the border illegally risk their own lives. They spend days walking through desert. They fall prey to smugglers and become victims of rape and abuse. Securing the border is one of the most humane things we can do to protect the lives of those who will venture into the United States, not caring about our laws but for the sole purpose of improving their lives. That is the goal of America, a better life for all of us who were born here as well as those who immigrate here.  It is dangerous crossing the border illegally for those people. We can give them legal avenues to enter this country to live, work, and raise a family. If we do not deter illegal border crossings, people's lives will remain at risk as they are at this very hour.  Nonetheless, proponents of legalization hold to the belief that the vast majority of people who cross our border are people seeking employment. Most times that is true; however, not everyone who crosses the southern border is a resident of Mexico who seeks to be reunited with family and do the jobs Americans will not do. The number of individuals from noncontiguous countries, otherwise known as ``other than Mexicans,'' should be a concern.  As of April 2, 2013, the ``other than Mexican'' numbers on the southwest border were up 67 percent from fiscal year 2012 to fiscal year 2013. We know some of the ``other than Mexicans'' include terrorists who enter the United States via the southern border. Secretary Napolitano has testified before Congress to that very fact.  We also know a majority of ``other than Mexicans'' fails to appear for their immigration proceedings and simply disappears, lost here in this great country, the United States. Increasing bonds for these nationals would deter absconders, assist ICE and custom border police in covering detention and removal costs or, at a minimum, provide a disincentive to cross. Unfortunately, an amendment during the Judiciary Committee markup to raise the bonds for ``other than Mexicans'' failed.  Many commonsense amendments were defeated during the committee process and many amendments to beef up the border will be considered in the days ahead.  As I have said before, the bill before us only requires the Secretary of Homeland Security submit a plan to Congress before millions of people are legalized. There is little regard for the need to better secure our border. In other words, when a plan is presented, make sure the plan works. Some of them say we have done enough. The Secretary says the border is more secure than ever before. They say border security shouldn't stand in the way of legalization.  My amendment is a good first step to stopping the flow of illegal immigration. It sends a clear signal that we are serious about getting the job done. For the Secretary to simply submit a plan to Congress is only worth the paper upon which it is printed. We need to take action and we need to make it a priority.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Blumenthal). The Senator from Rhode Island.  