 It refers to an amendment that I have pending to enhance the bill's provisions on border security. I would like to take a few minutes to discuss why I think my amendment is a good first step to restore the faith of the American people in government. That faith has to be restored on the issue of immigration because we promised so much in the 1986 bill on border security and stopping undocumented workers from coming to this country, so, consequently, for the institution of Congress and the executive branch both, because we are not enforcing existing law, the credibility on immigration is at stake. On this issue the American people have lost faith that, at least from the immigration point of view, we are really a nation based on the rule of law.  It is no secret that we in Washington, particularly in the congressional branch, have low approval ratings. A lot of people, especially in recent weeks, wonder about the trust of government--you know, Benghazi, IRS, AP investigations. They have also lost confidence, then, in the leaders. They question our ability to protect their privacy. They question our capacity to protect their security.  This is especially true when we talk about border security with average Americans. They do not think we are doing enough. They say we do not need to pass another law. They just do not understand why we cannot stop the flow and simply enforce the laws on the books. To them it is that simple.  It comes up in my town meetings in Iowa, but the bill before us complicates things. It takes a step backwards on an issue about which Americans care deeply. It says we will legalize millions now--that means millions of undocumented workers--and we will worry about border security down the road, in 5 or 10 years.  The authors of this document before us, the Group of 8, say they are open to improving the bill. My amendment now before the Senate does just that. My amendment improves the trigger that jump-starts the legalization program. It ensures that the border is secure before one person gets legal status under this act.  The American people have shown they are very compassionate, not just willing to deal with this issue of 12 million undocumented workers here but in a lot of other ways so numerous and well-known we do not even need to mention them. Many can come to terms with a legalization program.  But many would say that a legalization program should be tied to border security or enforcement. That is what is very simple for the American people: secure the borders. Let me give some examples.  Bloomberg recently released a poll in which they asked the following question:       Congress is debating changing immigration laws. Do you      support or oppose a revision of immigration policy that would      provide a path to citizenship for 11 million undocumented      immigrants in the United States?  Madam President, 46 percent said they would support it.  The poll then went on to ask the same respondents about elements in the immigration bill, and 85 percent said they favored ``strengthening border security and creating a system to track foreigners entering and leaving the country.'' So we have 46 percent saying they support immigration, but 85 percent of the same group say it is very necessary to strengthen border security.  In Iowa, a poll by the Des Moines Register found that 58 percent of the respondents were OK with a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants after--and I emphasize the word ``after''--the border is secure. Almost every poll shows the same results.  Sure, people would consider a legalization program, but it is almost always tied to the condition of border security. The American people do not think we are doing enough to secure the border. In a poll conducted by Anderson Robbins Research and Shaw & Company, 60 percent of those polled said the current level of security at the country's border is not strict enough. Also, 69 percent of the respondents said they favor requiring completion of a new border security measure first before making other changes in immigration policies.  Unfortunately, too many people have been led to believe this bill will force the Secretary of Homeland Security to secure the border. In fact, it does not guarantee that before legalization. That is why we need to pass my amendment on file now. It is a good first step to ensuring that we stop the flow of undocumented workers coming to this country. We need to prove to the American people that we can do our job. We need to show them we are committed to security.  Bottom line: Nobody says the existing immigration system is as it should be. People support reform, but they support reform if we have border security first.  I yield the floor.  