 President, on behalf of myself and my colleagues--I better say on behalf of myself and some of my colleagues--I have to object. The majority party has offered an agreement from our point of view that is insufficient and clearly not serious, even though I know they consider it a serious offer.  Last night, our side offered a list of amendments that could be voted upon. We asked for votes on 34 amendments and those 34 amendments are less than 10 percent of all of the amendments that are filed, right now about 550. But now the majority wants to limit the number of amendments and, in a sense, limit our rights, because each Senator ought to have an opportunity to put down the amendments they want to offer. It doesn't preclude the majority party from offering any amount of their amendments they want to offer.  It seems to me the majority wants to pick and choose the amendments they like. They don't want to take tough votes so they have chosen just a few ofour amendments to make it look as though it is very accommodating.  I have to say I feel a bit used and abused in this process. For 2\1/2\ weeks we have been pushing to get votes on our amendments. We have had a measly 10 votes on amendments. I will remind my colleagues that there were 550 filed. That is pretty embarrassing for the majority after they promised a fair and open debate.  I wish to remind my colleagues about fair and open debate. One Republican Member of the Group of 8 said:       I am confident that an open and transparent process, one      that engages every Senator and the American people, will make      it even better. I believe that this kind of open debate is      critical in helping the American people understand what is in      the bill, what it means for you, and what it means for our      future.  That same Senator also wrote to Chairman Leahy on March 30 before the bill was brought up in committee:       I wish to express my strong belief that the success of any      major legislation depends on the acceptance and support of      the American people. That support can only be earned through      a full and careful consideration of legislative language and      an open process of amendments.  In a letter to me on April 5, that same Senator wrote:       If the majority does not follow regular order, you can      expect that I will continue to defend the rights of every      Senator, myself included, to conduct this process in an open      and detailed manner.  When the bill was introduced, the senior Senator from New York said:       One of the things we all agree with is that there ought to      be an open process so that people who don't agree can offer      their amendments.  So it is very clear the Gang of 8, the authors of the legislation, called for a robust floor debate. They said they supported regular order.  So I ask now: Do they think that having only a few amendments considered, and this list that has just been put before us, is that a robust and open process? Do they think the majority party has used regular order?  After spinning our wheels for a couple of weeks, we had an important vote a couple of days ago. The proponents have been bragging for weeks that they were going to get over 70 votes for their legislation and somehow force the House to take up their bill. Of course, that won't happen if they don't get 70 votes. But I saw the shock of some that they had on their faces when their vote count fell short here a couple of days ago.  So now what are they doing? They need to pick up some votes and they need to make it look as though we have had a more fair process. So after less than the expected vote yesterday, the proponents came to me wanting to strike a deal that would give us votes on amendments. The problem is they still want to limit our amendments, but they want to make sure we include amendments that will help them pick up some votes.  Well, I happen to be a farmer and I am proud to be a farmer, but I want them to know I haven't just fallen off of the hay wagon. It is pretty clear what is going on around here. Regardless of the reasons for the majority now trying to look as though they are accommodating us, I am still willing to negotiate votes, but it needs to be a lot of votes.  Some on my side may be less charitable than I am since they also understand what is going on around here. So in the end, we may very well not be having any more votes on amendments. It is too bad the majority led us down this road and is aiming for the ditch. In other words, we have not had the fair and open process we were promised as we had in committee--a fair and very open process there, but it ended up completely contrary to what the Gang of 8 told us we were going to have when we got to the floor.  In the end they have only themselves to blame. In the end I think the end is right now. We are going to have votes on cloture. We are going to have a vote on final passage. I am telling people on my side of the aisle that if you are going to be against this bill, there is no sense in debating it anymore; we might as well carry our story to the other body because that is where this bill is going to be perfected, if it can be perfected, in a way that is going to be sent to the President and to solve the problems we have and not make the same mistakes we made in 1986.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Blumenthal). The Senator from Virginia.  