President, the 1955 football season was not a good one for the Harvard Crimson. With only three victories, it was somewhat surprising that no less a team than the mighty Green Bay Packers reached out to a senior end with a professional job offer. ``No thanks,'' replied young Ted Kennedy, ``I have plans to go into another contact sport--politics.''  Few have played this rough-and-tumble game with as much energy, determination, and joy as Senator Edward Kennedy. He served the people of his State and our Nation through five decades and under 10 Presidents. He authored more than 300 bills that became law and cosponsored another 550. His remarkable record of legislation has touched the lives of virtually every American, always with a focus on improving lives, bringing justice, and creating opportunity.  As we recall what he gave to our Nation, we also reflect upon what we have lost. It is my sincere hope that the Kennedy family will find comfort in the thoughts and prayers offered by so many around the country and the world. To those who have lost a friend and to his outstanding staff, which has lost an inspiring leader, I extend my deepest condolences. I considered him a dear friend as well as an esteemed colleague.  When I first came to the Senate in 1997, I knew Senator Kennedy only by reputation. It was a reputation that was not entirely flattering, based upon such labels as ``ultra-liberal'' and ``utterly partisan.'' That was not the Senator Kennedy I came to know and admire. He was easy to work with, and his heart was always in the right place. I worked closely with Ted on many education issues, particularly by increasing Pell grants which help our neediest students. In our work together on the Armed Services Committee, we teamed up to strengthen our Navy as members of the Seapower Subcommittee.  I found him to be a partner who always sought solutions. I saw in him the same traits that drew the attention of the Green Bay Packers--a tough competitor and a great teammate.  The lion is a symbol of courage. Certainly, Senator Kennedy possessed great political courage. He fought for his convictions, but he was always willing to reach across party lines. He never, as he often said, let the pursuit of the perfect become the enemy of the good.  But he also possessed courage at the most fundamental level--the willingness to face danger. His historic trip to South Africa in 1985, conducted against the stern warnings of the pro-apartheid government and in defiance of violent demonstrations, helped tear down the wall of racial separatism in that country.  Senator Kennedy often said that a day never went by that he did not think of his brothers. He did more than merely think of them; he strove always to emulate them. Like Jack, he asked what he could do for his country. Like Bobby, he dreamed things that never were and said why not.  The end of a life so devoted to public service brings to mind the Parable of the Talents. The master, leaving on a journey, entrusts a servant with a portion of his treasure. Upon his return, the master is delighted to find that his wealth has been wisely invested and multiplied.  Edward Moore Kennedy was entrusted the great treasure of convictions, energy, and passion. He invested that treasure wisely and multiplied its benefits to all. Like the master in the New Testament, to him we say, ``Well done, good and faithful servant.''  