 Our current economic crisis is, in part, a crisis of confidence. If we are to return to prosperity, the American people must have confidence in those who would chart our course. Mr. Geithner's professional background and experience should inspire that confidence. They are overshadowed, however, by the personal issues regarding his own tax returns.  When these issues first arose, they were cited as examples of the baffling complexity of our Tax Code and of the need for reform. They were described by the nominee himself as ``careless mistakes.'' As more details have emerged, it has become clear to me that this is not merely a matter of complexity leading to mistakes, but of inexcusable negligence.  Mr. Geithner failed to pay self-employment taxes while working for the International Monetary Fund. He failed to make these tax payments despite the fact that the IMF repeatedly reminded him of this obligation. He signed paperwork acknowledging this obligation. He received extra compensation that he acknowledged at the time was for the purpose of paying this obligation. Yet when he filed tax returns for the years he was employed at the IMF, he did not pay self-employment taxes.  After working for the IMF for 3 years, Mr. Geithner was audited by the Internal Revenue Service in 2006, which discovered that he had failed to pay his self-employment taxes. Mr. Geithner was ordered to correct his tax returns for 2003 and 2004, and he paid the amount that he owed for those years.  But Mr. Geithner had made the same omission in 2001 and 2002, years that were outside the scope of the audit. Yet, having been informed by the IRS of his omission for 2003 and 2004, Mr. Geithner took no action to correct the deficiency from 2001 and 2002--years for which the statute of limitations had already run. In fact, Mr. Geithner chose not to make the payments until he was being considered for this position at the end of 2008.  A similar failure to correct omissions when informed of them occurred when the accountant who prepared Mr. Geithner's tax returns in 2006 informed him that certain deductions Mr. Geithner had taken for 3 earlier years were not allowed. These deductions involved writing off overnight camps as childcare expenses. Mr. Geithner did not attempt to claim the deduction for 2006 but did not correct his returns for the previous years. And again, this deficiency was not addressed until late last year, when Mr. Geithner was being considered for this Cabinet position.  Madam President, throughout the State of Maine and indeed throughout the Nation, millions of hard-working Americans pay their taxes on time and in full. Our taxation system is essentially an honor system that depends on self-assessment and honesty. When taxpayers make mistakes, they are expected to correct them promptly and completely. How can we tell the taxpayers that they are expected to comply fully with our tax laws when these laws have been treated so cavalierly by the person who would lead the Treasury Department and, ultimately, the Internal Revenue Service, when he was applying them to himself?  Therefore, Madam President, I must oppose this nomination.  Mr. McCAIN. Madam President, I regret that I must oppose the nomination of Timothy Geithner to be the next Secretary of the Treasury. I assure my colleagues, I did not reach this decision lightly but, rather after much thoughtful consideration. Next to the confirmation of Supreme Court Justices, the Senate has no more important duty than the confirmation of members of the President's Cabinet. Throughout my time in this body I have held the view that elections have consequences and that--barring any extraordinary circumstance--the President should be free to pick his team and surround himself with those he feels can best assist him in attaining his goals.  Mr. Geithner's involvement in the failed policies behind the misuse of hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars in the Troubled Asset Relief Fund, TARP, has led me to conclude that an extraordinary circumstance exists in this situation. Mr. Geithner played a critical role in the creation of the TARP and should be held accountable for the fact that it has been terribly mismanaged and has not achieved its intended results. Unfortunately, I have come to believe that Mr. Geithner lacks the critical judgment necessary to be an effective Treasury Secretary and careful steward of taxpayer dollars.  To properly weigh a potential Cabinet member's qualifications, it is important to pay close attention to the committee hearings held to consider the nomination and the views expressed by both the nominee and members of the committee. After Mr. Geithner's testimony before the Senate Finance Committee, a very well-respected member of the committee stated that ``I don't believe that the requisite candor exists for me to indicate my support for him with an affirmative vote.'' Another member of the committee stated that, ``Mr. Geithner has been involved in just about every flawed bailout action of the previous administration. He was the front-line regulator in New York when all the innovations that recently have brought our markets to their knees became widespread. . . . All those actions, or failures to act, raise questions about the nominee's judgment.'' I fully agree with my colleagues' sentiments.  I am deeply troubled by Mr. Geithner's role in the mismanagement of the TARP. He has enthusiastically supported failed policies that have cost the taxpayer hundreds of billions of dollars. Earlier this month, I voted with 41 of my colleagues in opposition to releasing the remaining $350 billion TARP funds because I had seen no evidence that the additional and substantial taxpayers' money would be used for its intended purpose. TARP was created to allow the Treasury Department to purchase up to $700 billion in ``toxic assets'' from financial institutions in order to help homeowners facing foreclosure and to stimulate theeconomy. The misuse of the first $350 billion of TARP funds combined with the lack of transparency promised by the Treasury Department were reasons enough to oppose releasing additional funds. It is my strong opinion that no further TARP funds should be released until we are able to impose strict standards of accountability and ensure that the money is spent only as intended by Congress--to purchase mortgage-backed securities and other troubled assets.  Unfortunately, I have seen no evidence that Mr. Geithner shares that view. He has stated that more oversight and transparency are necessary but to date he has offered no specifics about how the remaining $350 billion in TARP money would be spent and has laid out no criteria for serious oversight and accountability of such substantial sums of taxpayer dollars.  With no regard for congressional intent, and with the support of Mr. Geithner, the Treasury Department has used TARP funds to prop up the banking industry and to guarantee securities backed by student loans and credit card debt. But most troubling to me has been the use of TARP funds to help bail out the domestic auto industry--in direct defiance of Congress. Last month, after extensive discussion and debate, the Senate rejected a plan to pump billions of Federal dollars into the domestic auto industry because we saw no evidence of serious concessions from the industry and no assurance of the domestic auto manufacturers' long-term viability. When asked about the use of TARP funds to further assist the domestic auto industry, Mr. Geithner indicated he would support further funding as long as it was accompanied by ``a comprehensive restructuring'' of the auto industry. Again--he offered no specifics.  Madam President, the American people can no longer afford ambiguous assurances of transparency, accountability, and reform. They need and want specifics and particulars--and the person leading the U.S. Treasury should be able to provide the American taxpayer with the details they seek.  