President, there are some provisions in the bill that are intended to try to help small business but again they miss the mark. I support and have long proposed the idea of tax credits for small businesses to help them afford to provide health insurance for their employees. But the credits for small businesses in this bill are poorly structured. Only businesses with no more than 10 workers, paid an average of $20,000, can get the full tax credit. So if a small business hires additional employees or pays more, its credit begins to decline and it is eventually phased out. Businesses with more than 25 workers, or paying average wages of above $40,000 get no tax credit whatsoever.  Take a look at this. I realize this chart is a bit busy, but stay with me. Under the Finance Committee bill, if you have 10 employees and you pay them on average $20,000, you get a 50-percent tax credit applied to the cost of the insurance. But if you give them a raise, the tax credit begins to decline. For example, if you have 10 employees and you pay them $25,000 on average, you only get a tax credit of 38 percent.  Let's say you are trying to improve their quality of living. They have done a great job for you, so you give all your employees a raise, bringing their average wage to $30,000. Now the tax credit is only half as much as when you paid them $20,000.  If you pay them $40,000 on average--zero. You lose the tax credit altogether.  What we have here is a tax credit that is structured in such a way that it discourages small businesses from adding employees and paying them better. That doesn't make any sense at all. That makes no sense at all.  This legislation would have enormous consequences for our economy and for our society. We have to remember that this bill would affect every single American, every small and large employer, every health care provider. It affects 17 percent of our economy.  There are many reforms, such as allowing small businesses to pool together to have better bargaining clout, that I support and that have strong bipartisan support, that could have been the basis for further debate and amendments. So it disappoints me greatly that we are about to proceed to a divisive, partisan bill. I continue to believe that the American people would be better served by a bipartisan bill that brings together the best ideas on both sides of the aisle, and I pledge to continue to work with Members on both sides of the aisle to develop alternatives that will bring about true health care reform.  