President, I rise today to introduce a bipartisan resolution condemning the recent, troubling rise in anti-Semitism across the globe. The resolution also calls upon world leaders to speak out against anti-Semitic acts and reaffirms that the United States is committed to making the fight against anti-Semitism a top foreign policy priority.  I am very pleased that Senator Cardin and 40 other Senate colleagues have joined me in saying to the world that we stand tall with the Jewish community against these acts of violence and crimes of hate.  In recent months, there has been a substantial rise in anti-Semitic violence around the globe. We are deeply concerned about the safety and well- being of Jews in Europe, the Middle East, and Latin America, where they have faced a significant increase in anti-Semitic attacks, often very violent. These criminal acts include physical and verbal attacks, arson, and vandalism against synagogues, cemeteries, and Holocaust memorials. In some nations, demonstrations have included chants of ``death to Israel'' and expressions of support for suicide terrorism against Israeli or Jewish civilians.  Also distressing are the blatantly anti-Semitic Nazi imagery and Holocaust comparisons. Our resolution rejects attempts to rationalize Jewish hatred or attacks as justifiable expression of disaffection or frustration over Israeli policy and political events in the Middle East or elsewhere. The Nazi imagery and Holocaust comparisons have been prevalent at demonstrations throughout the world. Placards held at many demonstrations have compared Israeli leaders to Nazis, accused Israel of carrying out a ``Holocaust'' against the Palestinians, and equated the Jewish Star of David to the Nazi swastika. This is intolerable. We must speak out against these unacceptable acts of hatred and bigotry.  While we applaud those world leaders who have shown courage by condemning these acts, we call on those who have yet to do so to expressly reject anti-Semitism in their own countries. We must continue to impress upon our allies the critical importance of opposing these disturbing trends, all the while ensuring that our own initiatives to address these forms of hate violence are bolstered.  I urge our colleagues to join our effort to raise awareness of this important issue.  