President, I, again, will be happy to attempt to clarify this issue for my colleague and friend--and he is my friend--from Illinois. I realize he has his role to play in this debate. But the fact is, he has just listed several positions that are established by law. The intelligence czar is the Director of National Intelligence, Dennis Blair. Joe Lieberman and I wrote the law that established that position in 2004, and he is confirmed by the Senate.  The regulatory czar--he is referring to Cass Sunstein in this administration and John Graham in the previous one--it is established by law. It is part of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs within OMB. I am not talking about those positions no matter in whose administration it is. I am talking about perhaps other positions on his list. Regardless of whose administration they are in, I would apply the same standards.  The Senator may say why didn't I offer this amendment in the previous administration. The answer is, we did not have this proliferation of czar positions in the previous administration. But I would say to my colleagues, regardless of whether it is a Democratic President or a Republican President, a Democratic Congress or a Republican Congress, I think this is an institutional issue, and I think all of us as Members of Congress should be very concerned about organizational structures that make it impossible for us to conduct effective congressional oversight; that insulate these officials who have significant policy responsibilities from ever coming to testify, from going through the vetting and the confirmation process.  I think that is a problem regardless of who the President is, and I am not the only one who thinks it. That is why Senator Robert C. Byrd wrote to the White House, wrote to the President, as this press release says, questioning the Obama administration on the role of White House czar positions because, as he says:       Too often, I have seen these lines of authority and      responsibility become tangled and blurred, sometimes      purposely, to shield information and to obscure the decision-     making process.  I am not saying this is part of a plot to obscure information, but what I am saying is we have an obligation to exercise our constitutional duties, and the proliferation of these unaccountable positions in any administration makes that impossible for us to do so.  Mr. President, if I may complete the end of my statement--before we got into this good little colloquy. And I do appreciate the opportunity to clarify whom my amendment would cover, who would be covered by it and who would not. As I said, I was willing to work with the White House to make this even clearer. My staff was here many hours last night. I had conversations with White House officials and, unfortunately, at the last moment, they decided not to try to propose revisions to the text.  I am not going to seek to overturn the Chair's ruling on this amendment which will be forthcoming, and I know how it will go. But I do think it is unfortunate that a procedural tactic is being used to block a vote on this amendment. I do want to tell my colleagues that I think this is a real issue. I am very pleased the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, under Chairman Lieberman, is going to hold a hearing to explore this issue because it does have constitutional ramifications and it does involve the balance of power between the executive and legislative branches. The ruling the Chair is going to make is not going to be the last word on this subject.  The administration needs--any administration--to fully explain the responsibilities and authorities of theseczars. Until all of these czars are made available to testify before and provide information to Congress, until Congress is fully consulted on the decisions to create these positions in the first place, I will continue to press forward on this issue.  I believe the amendment I drafted is a very reasonable, balanced one, and it would have been a significant step toward establishing an oversight structure for these positions that would provide the transparency, accountability, and oversight our Nation expects from its leaders. I am dismayed the Senate is about to choose a point of order over these principles.  