 As I said when I first introduced this amendment, I do not consider every position that has been identified as a czar in various media reports to be problematic. Some of those positions are established by law. Some of them are subject to Senate confirmation. Rather, my amendment is carefully tailored so it would not cover and would not apply to positions recognized in law or subject to Senate confirmation.  For example, the proposal I have would not apply to the Director of National Intelligence, to the National Security Advisor, to the Homeland Security Advisor, to the Chairman of the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board, or to the so-called information or regulatory czar within OMB. These positions, because they are recognized in law, or they are subject to Senate confirmation, simply do not raise the same kinds of concerns about accountability, transparency, oversight, and vetting.  Instead, my amendment has been carefully tailored to cover officials that the President has unilaterally designated as responsible for significant policy matters. It would not have covered the President's Chief of Staff, for example, and it would not cover less senior White House officials, despite some misinformation to the contrary.  Because the White House has raised so many objections to my amendment, I have offered to sit down with the White House counsel and narrow the scope of the amendment further, to address any concerns the White House might have. Unfortunately, the White House has failed to provide any modification to the text of my amendment. Instead, they said they did not want any of these officials to be called to testify before Congress.  Let me explain exactly what my amendment would have done, so you can see how modest indeed the amendment was.  The amendment simply would have required that the President certify to Congress that officials in these important positions would respond to all reasonable requests to testify before or provide information to congressional committees with jurisdiction over the issues involved.  Second, it simply would have required these officials to submit a biannual report to the congressional committee with jurisdiction, describing the activities of the official and his or her office, and any rule, regulation, or policy that the official participated in or assisted in the development of.  That is it. How can we possibly be against that kind of accountability, transparency, and oversight? It is our job as Members of Congress to conduct such oversight.  We cannot do so when the administration sets up a structure where there is an energy czar, an urban affairs czar, an environmental czar, a cyber-security czar--the list goes on and on. It creates confusion over who is in charge, who is making policy.  Let's take the area of health care. Is the top policy position in this administration Nancy-Ann DeParle, who is thehealth care czar within the Executive Office of the President--a person, by the way, for whom I have the greatest respect--or is it Senate-confirmed Kathleen Sebelius, the Secretary of Health and Human Services? Who is in charge? Whom do we hold accountable?  What the President has done by creating so many czar positions within the White House that appear to duplicate the executive branch officials who are subject to Senate confirmation is to blur the lines of authority. That is not good for our system of government, and it is not in keeping with this administration's pledge to be the most transparent administration ever--a pledge for which I salute the President.  