My colleague from Oregon, Senator Wyden, has been working so hard on health care issues for such a long time. My colleague from Indiana, Senator Bayh, and I have worked together on other issues, and I am proud of the fact that the three of us have been able to come together, in a bipartisan way, to present to our colleagues three important amendments.  It is, as Senator Bayh has noted, so unfortunate that the debate on this bill has been so divisive and partisan. Senator Wyden approached me about trying to find some common ground on issues that would unite us.  I should make clear the adoption of these amendments--important though they are and great steps forward though they are--do not solve all the problems I have with the legislation before us. But they do improve the underlying bill in important ways because they help to advance the goal of more affordable insurance choices for consumers. Providing more choices and more competition and greater affordability, after all, should be major goals of health care reform.  The bill before us falls short in meeting those objectives.  Let me discuss our amendments. In summary, our amendments would allow individuals, who are not receiving subsidies, to purchase lower cost plans if that coverage is more affordable for them and more appropriate for them.  We are also proposing health insurance vouchers that would provide more options for employers and employees alike. We are proposing incentives to insurers to keep their rates lower than they otherwise might be.  Let me further explain our three amendments. First, we would open the catastrophic plan--the so-called young invincibles plan--in the individual market to anyone, regardless of age, who is not eligible for a subsidy under the bill.  It is incredible to me that we are going to so constrain the insurance choices for an individual who is receiving no taxpayer subsidy at all. That does not make sense. We want to ensure not only that people can keep the insurance they have, if they like it, but also that they have more options available to them. Why should we say that an individual who is not receiving any help--no subsidy at all--can only purchase one of the four types of plans that are authorized by this bill?  Some would say, well, if you do that, you are going to have a problem where a person will perhaps have a health savings account or a supplemental catastrophic insurance plan and wait until they are ill to trade up to a far better plan. But there is a way to stop that from happening. We have drafted our amendment so that if an individual wished to upgrade his or her coverage, he or she would have to wait until the next plan year and then could only upgrade to what is known as the bronze plan--the next higher level of coverage. That would help greatly to avoid the problem of adverse selection and having a situation where an individual simply waits until he or she becomes ill before upgrading coverage.  We also wish to make sure consumers know exactly what they are buying and what kind of coverage they are getting. That is why we would require health plans to disclose fully the terms of the coverage to ensure that consumers fully understand the limitation.  Finally, this amendment makes clear that States have the ability to impose additional requirements or conditions for the catastrophic plans offered under this bill.  The bottom line is, health care reform should be about expanding access to affordable choices. The bill that is on the floor now would cause many Americans in the individual market to pay more for health care coverage than they do today. That isn't right. If their health care coverage is working well for them, if they are higher income and can bear the risk, if they have a health savings plan, if they are not getting a taxpayer subsidy, why should we dictate, to this degree, the level of coverage they can buy?  I believe this amendment is simple common sense. Let me explain what it would mean in my home State of Maine because I think it shows that one size does not fit all. In Maine, 87.5 percent of those purchasing coverage in the individual market have a policy with an actuarial value of less than 60 percent. The most popular individual market policy sold in Maine costs a 40-year-old about $185 a month. These individuals often pair this catastrophic coverage with a health savings account.  Under the bill we are debating, unless they are grandfathered and don't have any change--for example, they have not gotten married or divorced--then that 40-year-old would have to pay at least $420 a month--more than twice as much--for a policy that would meet the new minimum standard. Otherwise they would have to pay a $750 penalty.  There is an exception in the bill, but it is only for people who are under the age of 30. What we are saying is, let's broaden that, so that if you don't receive help from the government, if you don't receive a taxpayer subsidy, you, too, can buy that kind of catastrophic coverage plan.  A second amendment the three of us are offering would provide more choices to small businesses and to their employees. Giving employers and employees more choices should be among the chief goals of health care reform.  Our amendment would allow employers who choose to do so to offer vouchers to employees so they can purchase insurance on the exchange. This would allow them, for example, to use the employer voucher, plus tap into the subsidy available because of their income level, and put some of their own funds into purchasing the kind of coverage they want. As Senator Wyden has explained, this program is completely optional. Employers could offer these vouchers or decide to continue with their employer plan.  Let me tell you one reason I think this strengthens the bill. We need more people buying insurance through the exchanges, because if more people are using the exchanges, it broadens the risk pool, and the rates will be better for everyone. In insurance, having more people over which to spread the risk drives costs and premiums down.  So it is not surprising to me that our Nation's largest small business group, the NFIB, has endorsed our amendment. Let me read one paragraph from the NFIB letter because it really sums it up. The NFIB says:       This amendment addresses the shortcomings of the existing      employer-based system for small businesses. In the current      system, small employers often have few options beyond ``take      it or leave it.'' This new and voluntary option will      encourage employers to provide insurance coverage for      employees. It is the exact opposite of employer mandates that      harm struggling businesses, discourage startups, and kill      jobs.  I think the NFIB has said it well. This will give more choices both to employers and to employees.  Finally, let me say a few words about our proposal to modify the formula for the allocation of the $6.7 billion annual tax on health insurance providers.  There are a lot of problems with that particular tax, not the least of which is the gap between when the tax is imposed and when the subsidies are finally available 4 years later. Another problem is that the tax applies to nonprofit insurers as well as for-profit insurers. I am working with Senator Carl Levin to try to address that problem.  Here is what we are saying. The way the tax is designed in the bill, there is little to keep insurers from jacking up premiums, which is exactly the opposite of what we want them to do. They are going to just pass this tax on. So what we propose is to give insurers an incentive to keep premiums as low as possible. Under our amendment, if you are an insurer that is holding down the cost of your premiums, you don't pay as large a share of the tax. That makes sense. That helps us be more fair to the efficient insurer that is working hard to keep premiums down.  Again, I am very pleased to join with my two colleagues in presenting to the Senate three amendments that will provide more choices, greater affordability, and more options. These should be the goals of health care reform, and these amendments help to advance those goals.  