President, this amendment, which I am offering along with my distinguished colleague, Senator McCaskill, who has brought great auditing skills to this body, would help to ensure that the Department is supplying certain critical principles consistently and reliably to all projects that use a specific management tool that is known as EVM, earned value management. The Department currently requires EVM tracking for all contracts that exceed $20 million. This provides important visibility into the scope, schedule, and cost in a single integrated system. When properly applied, this system can provide an early warning of performance problems. The Government Accountability Office has observed, however, that contractor reporting on EVM often lacks consistency, leading to inaccurate data and faulty application of this metric. In other words, this is a garbage-in/garbage-out problem that we need to correct.  To address this challenge, our amendment would provide enforcement mechanisms to ensure that contractors establish and use approved EVM systems, and we would require the Department of Defense to consider the quality of the contractor's EVM systems and reporting in the past performance evaluation for a contract. When a contractor is bidding, the contracting official looks at any past performance. With improved data quality, both the Government and the contractor will be able to improve program oversight, leading to better acquisition outcomes.  This is so important. Some of the provisions that are particularly important in the Levin-McCain bill would increase transparency and oversight so that if an acquisition process is going in the wrong direction, we know about it and are able to take action. We are able to decide whether the Nunn-McCurdy breaches, for example, warrant halting the project. We are improving the cost estimate system for weapons acquisition projects. We have a lot of reforms. This would increase our transparency, our ability to flag problems.  I believe this amendment Senator McCaskill and I offer would help to strengthen the Department's acquisition planning, increase and improve program oversight, and help to prevent contracting waste, fraud, and mismanagement.  Let me end my comments by reminding all of us why this bill and our amendment are so important.  Ultimately, these procurement reforms will help ensure that our brave men and women in uniform--our military personnel--have the equipment they need when they need it, that it performs as promised, and that our tax dollars are not wasted on programs that are doomed to fail.  Thank you, Mr. President.  