President, I am pleased to join with my friend and colleague, the distinguished chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, in offering this bipartisan amendment to provide urgently needed resources to confront a major and growing threat to our homeland security.  Since the beginning of 2008, more than 7,000 people have been killed in drug-related violence in Mexico, including 522 military and law enforcement officials. The Mexican drug cartels have become increasingly brazen and violent, targeting police and journalists and using graphic displays of violence to intimidate communities. The drug cartels also have been able to corrupt some local law enforcement officials, who then have turned a blind eye to or are complicit in illegal drug production and trafficking.  Compounding the danger of the situation, Mexico's drug cartels have, in recent years, acquired increasingly sophisticated and powerful weaponry. Smuggling equips the cartels with large numbers of firearms, as well as items such as night vision goggles and electronic intercept and encrypted communications capabilities. Police in Mexico are often ill-equipped to confront such well-armed and trained forces.  This growing violence poses a significant danger to the security of our country, particularly to border States. Drug-related violence has already spilled over our borders. Kidnappings, assaults, murders, and home invasions related to the Mexican drug cartels are on the rise, particularly in the State of Arizona. Tucson and Phoenix have created special task forces to investigate a rash of kidnappings and home invasions directly related to these Mexican drug cartels. Authorities estimate, as the chairman has indicated, that more than 230 cities, as far away as Anchorage, AK, and Boston, MA, have distribution networks related to the Mexican cartels. This number is up from just 100 cities 3 years ago. As the drugs come north from Mexico, these distribution networks use the revenues from their sales to send cash and weapons back to the traffickers in Mexico.  The U.S. Government has invested significant resources in preventing drugs from entering our country. But until very recently, the Federal Government has focused only very limited resources on the supply of money and weapons going south--south to fuel the drug war. In our own country, some local and State law enforcement agencies simply do not have the capabilities to fully counter the increasingly complex operations and sophisticated weapons of the Mexican cartels' distribution networks.  The amendment Senator Lieberman and I are offering would provide absolutely critical resources to supplement those efforts underway on our southwest border to combat drug, gun, and cash smuggling by the drug cartels in Mexico. These resources represent a more substantial commitment to address the threat than the administration announced last week when it moved some personnel from other parts of the country to the southwest border. Those steps were good ones, they are needed, but they simply are not sufficient, and they risk leaving other borders not fully staffed, particularly the northern borders.  Our amendment, as Senator Lieberman has indicated, provides additional funding for Customs and Border Protection to deploy 1,600 additional officers at ports of entry without robbing other ports of entry. It would also provide funding for 400 new canine teams. Many of these new officers and teams will be deployed to the southwest border to conduct inspections, exit inspections of southbound traffic to Mexico so we can interdict the illegal export of weapons and cash that again fuel that cartel-related violence in Mexico.  To investigate and dismantle the networks involved in smuggling the drugs, the weapons, and the cash, our amendment provides $130 million for Immigration and Customs Enforcement to hire and train 350 new investigators. That will help ensure that the number of border enforcement security teams along the southwest border doubles. These teams have been highly successful in coordinating with Mexican officials to combat cross-border smuggling, but they are simply overwhelmed by the extent of the threat.  As Senator Lieberman has described, our amendment also provides $50 million in additional funding to hire, train, and deploy an additional 100 investigators working on Project Gunrunner. This will help expand investigations of armed smuggling.  The amendment sets aside an additional $30 million for a highly successful cooperative program known as Operation Stonegarden. This program has been a big success in my own State, so I know how helpful it can be in combating this emerging and growing threat.  Finally, this amendment provides $40 million for important technology upgrades to make CBP officers and Border Patrol agents along the border, and indeed across the country, more effective in identifying potential smugglers and in communicating with each other and with State and local law enforcement. This will make a real difference.  What we have done is put together a carefully crafted amendment that will help to fill the real gaps that exist at the Federal level and, in cooperation with State and local law enforcement, to help us counter this extraordinary rise in violence that has spilled over the border from Mexico that is threatening the security particularly in those border States, such as Arizona, but also poses a threat to States throughout our country because of these distribution networks the drug cartels are using.  This amendment is essential to the security of our country. The violence the cartels originate in Mexico--andcertainly we have to be concerned about the violence in a neighboring country, but this affects American citizens directly. I am convinced, based on the hearings our committee has held and the investigations we have conducted, that this amendment is essential to countering this growing threat to our homeland security. I urge support for the amendment, and I am very pleased to work with my chairman to bring this issue before the Senate.  Thank you, Mr. President.  