President, I rise in support of S. Res. 300, supporting the work of firefighters to educate and protect the Nation's communities, and the goals and ideals of Fire Prevention Week. Senators Carper, Dodd, and McCain join me in sponsoring this resolution to honor and promote the life-saving work of the National Fire Protection Association.  Fire prevention is an ancient concern. Two thousand years ago, the city of Rome not only had had thousands of paid firefighters, but also wardens who would patrol the streets and enforce fire-prevention laws.  Thousands of American cities and towns such as San Francisco, Chicago, and Portland, ME, have suffered disastrous fires in the past. Even in our agrarian, Colonial era, cities such as Boston and Philadelphia were organizing paid and volunteer fire companies to fight the hazards of fire.  Today, flames continue to exact a deadly toll on citizens and firefighters every year. The National Fire Protection Association reports that in 2008, an estimated 1.45 million fires in this country killed nearly 3,320 civilians and injured another 16,705, while also killing 103 firefighters.  When President Harding designated the first Fire Prevention Week in 1922, fires were killing about 15,000 Americans every year. Advances in safety technology, education, fire prevention, and firefighting have brought great progress in reducing the number of fatalities, especially considering the great increase in population. But fire still poses an enormous threat to life, health, and property of all Americans.  As a cochair of the Congressional Fire Services Caucus, I have proudly joined in bipartisan efforts to honor the heroic service of our firefighters and to support legislation to assist them in securing the personnel, equipment, training, and benefits they need. Today, I am proud to submit this resolution to support their work in educating the public on the vital concern of fire prevention.  The more people understand the importance of avoiding fire hazards and dangerous practices, of installing and maintaining smoke alarms, and of planning escape routes, the fewer lives will be lost among our citizens and our firefighters.  I thank my colleagues for joining me in support of this resolution in support of our firefighters' work and of the Fire Prevention Week of October 4 through 10, 2009.  