Chairman, I rise in very strong support for this amendment and sharing a commitment to finding a comprehensive solution to the problem. Education, parental involvement, youth activities, and accountability are just a few of the very important elements of this challenging issue.  The rate of juvenile crime, particularly violent crime, is of growing concern throughout the country. This amendment, a bipartisan amendment, introduced by my colleague and friend, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, acknowledges that prevention is the key to preventing juvenile crime for most of our youth.  This amendment streamlines current law. It reduces burdensome State requirements, and it provides States and local providers with greater flexibility in addressing juvenile crime. The amendment acknowledges that most successful solutions to juvenile crime are developed at the State and local level of government by those individuals who understand the very characteristics of youth in that area.  I know in my district, particularly in Kalamazoo, Michigan, a coalition of local law enforcement officials are working together to beef up enforcement of the State's curfew laws, to identify peak juvenile crime hours, and fight truancy from school.  By working with existing groups such as the Kalamazoo public schools, the Ys, the boys and girls clubs, these groups hope to establish meaningful programming that in fact provide constructive alternatives to street activity.  I know that the YMCA Lincoln Program Center in Kalamazoo in the North Side gives hundreds of kids, and I have visited there, ranging from ages 6 to 16 a safe and positive alternative to life on the streets. More than just a drop-in center, this program instillsthe values of care, honesty, respect, and responsibility into virtually every single activity.  The prevention components of this amendment would go a long way towards supporting similar delinquency programs and activities across the country.  In closing, Mr. Chairman, in the long run, our work today will have far-reaching effects on the quality of life for our neighborhoods and their children for years to come. I am looking forward to continuing to be involved and motivated in this effort.  