Chairman, I rise first to thank my kind colleagues the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Shuster), the chairman of the full committee; the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Gilchrest) who has been very understanding as we have worked through this language; the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Coble), always a friend of the Coast Guard; and also my Great Lakes colleagues, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Stupak) in particular; the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Barcia) and others that I conferred with before I offered this amendment this afternoon.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in offering this amendment to protect Great Lakes lighthouses. As I am sure the chairman is aware, lighthouses are a very important part of Great Lakes culture and they stand as a testament to the importance of shipping in the region's political, economic and social history.  In Michigan alone, the U.S. Coast Guard plans to designate approximately 70 of these structures as surplus Federal property and turn them over to the GSA for disposal. Unfortunately, the standard Federal property disposal process is very confusing, complicated, and it does not facilitate transfers to nonprofits. This is especially troubling because in many cases, a local, not-for-profit historical organization has dedicated tremendous resources to preserving and maintaining those lighthouses.  In the city of South Haven, Michigan, this very situation occurred only last year. For years, the Coast Guard leased an historical lighthouse keeper's dwelling to the Michigan Maritime Museum that was going to be used as a curatorial center for maritime artifacts. The property was taken away from the museum, turned over to the GSA for disposal and after many months the GSA offered to sell the property back to the museum for $300,000. My colleagues have to be aware that they will be seeing this type of situation again and again as the Coast Guard hands these properties to the GSA for disposal.  Fortunately, a group of Michigan historical preservation leaders have formed a group known now today as the Michigan Lighthouse Project which is dedicated to lighthouse preservation and maintenance. I am glad to report that the Coast Guard has been working hand in hand with the Michigan Lighthouse Project and I applaud their current cooperation and encouragement for their continued involvement.  This amendment states that the Coast Guard shall continue to offer advice and technical assistance to organizations in the Great Lakes region which are dedicated to lighthouse stewardship. Specifically the Coast Guard is urged to promptly release information related to the timing of when a property is going to be excessed by the GSA. That is needed so that organizations can mobilize and be prepared to take action.  Mr. Chairman, I wish that this amendment might be able to go further, but I know that we are going to have some discussions when this bill goes to conference. It is my hope that this body will accept this amendment so that not only the Coast Guard but GSA and other Federal agencies will create a fairer and equitable Federal disposal process that in fact recognizes the historic nature of lighthouses and their wonderful contribution to Great Lakes history.  