Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2130, the Hillory J. Farias Date Rape Drug Prevention Act of 1999. I introduced this legislation with my colleagues Mr. Bliley, the Chairman of the Commerce Committee, and Mr. Stupak and Ms. Jackson-Lee, who have been real leaders in the fight to control date rape drugs.  As you may know, Mr. Speaker, this legislation is the product of an Oversight and investigations Subcommittee hearing I held earlier this year that focused on the abuse of ``date rape'' drugs, the law enforcement challenges in battling their abuse, and the administrative procedures involved in scheduling the drugs under the Controlled Substances Act. I held that hearing after reading about two young Michigan women whose drinks were laced with GHB at a party they were attending. Both fell into a coma, and sadly, one died.  Since that hearing, I have read far too many other stories of young women in Michigan and across the nation being given GHB and similar drugs, such as GBL, a precursor to GHB, and ketamine, a fast-acting anesthetic used in veterinary medicine. Simply put, these drugs are killing our young people. Those who survive ingesting these drugs are too often dealing with the painful consequences of rape or other sexual abuse.  The abuse of ``date rape'' drugs, principally GHB, ketamine, and GBL, has substantially increased in recent years and continues to grow. The Drug Enforcement Administration, the DEA, has documented over 4,000 overdoses and law-enforcement encounters with GHB and 32 GHB-related deaths. At least 20 States have scheduled GHB under state drug control statutes, and law enforcement officials continue to see an increased presence of the drug in sexual assault, driving under the influence (DWI), and overdose cases involving teenagers.  With respect to ketamine, from 1992 through 1998 the DEA has documented more than 560 incidents of the sale and/or use of ketamine in our nation's junior highs, high schools, and college campuses.  This abuse has to stop. By passing this bill today, we are taking a significant step forward in getting these products out of the hands of sexual predators and protecting our nation's youth.  Following the recommendations of the DEA, H.R. 2130 would amend the Controlled Substances Act to make GHB a Schedule I drug, the DEA's most intensively regulated category of drugs. In addition, H.R. 2130 places ketamine in Schedule III of the Controlled Substances Act and lists GBL, the primary precursor used in the production of GHB, as List I chemical.  H.R. 2130 would thus provide law enforcement officers and prosecutors with tough new tools to prosecute those who would use these drugs for criminal purposes or otherwise abuse them. In addition, it would control chemicals being increasingly used to produce a ``GHB effect,'' and would strike at the very source of many of these illegal substances--chemicals ordered over the Internet and shipped by mail.  At the same time, it protects the legitimate medical use of these substances. I know that many of you have heard from narcolepsy researchers and patients who are concerned that by placing GHB in Schedule I, we will disrupt promising clinical trials testing this drug as a treatment for a particularly severe form of narcolepsy. I want to assure everyone that this concern was addressed when the bill was in committee. It was amended to place GHB which is being used in an FDA-approved clinical trial in Schedule III, but with Schedule I penalties for its misuse. Further, should the FDA approve GHB as a treatment for narcolepsy, the prescription form will be in ScheduleIII, but only for the prescribed use. Again, Schedule I penalties would apply. An individual with a prescription for a GHB product who is passing the drug around at a party will be committing a crime punishable by the severest penalties under the Controlled Substances Act.  This bill attacks date rape drug abuse by educating young people, law enforcement officers, educators, and medical personnel about the dangers of these drugs and the penalties for their abuse. It would further assist law enforcement officers by providing for the development of a forensic field test to detect the presence of GHB and related substances.  Finally, it provides for an annual report on incidence of date-rape drug abuse so that we can ensure that the steps we are taking with this bill and in other areas are working to protect our young people and discourage the use of these substances.  