Chairman, I offer an amendment.  The Clerk read as follows:       Amendment offered by Mr. Upton: at the end of the bill add the following:     SEC.   . GREAT LAKES LIGHTHOUSES.       (a) Findings.--The Congress finds the following:       (1) The Great Lakes are home to more than 400 lighthouses.      120 of these maritime landmarks are in the State of Michigan,      more than in any other State.       (2) Lighthouses are an important part of Great Lakes      culture and stand as a testament to the importance of      shipping in the region's political, economic, and social      history.       (3) Advances in navigation technology have made many Great      Lakes lighthouses obsolete. In Michigan alone, approximately      70 lighthouses will be designated as surplus property of the      Federal Government and will be transferred to the General      Services Administration for disposal.       (4) Unfortunately, the Federal property disposal process is      confusing, complicated, and not well-suited to disposal of      historic lighthouses or to facilitate transfers to nonprofit      organizations. This is especially troubling because, in many      cases, local nonprofit historical organizations have      dedicated tremendous resources to preserving and maintaining      Great Lakes lighthouses.       (5) If Great Lakes lighthouses disappear, the public will      be unaware of an important chapter in Great Lakes history.       (6) The National Trust for Historic Preservation has placed      Michigan lighthouses on their list of Most Endangered      Historic Places.       (b) Assistance for Great Lakes Lighthouse Preservation      Efforts.--The Secretary of Transportation, acting through the      Coast Guard, shall--       (1) continue to offer advice and technical assistance to      organizations in the Great Lakes region that are dedicated to      lighthouse stewardship; and       (2) promptly release information regarding the timing of      designations of Coast Guard lighthouses on the Great Lakes as      surplus property, to enable those organizations to mobilize      and be prepared to take appropriate action with respect to      the disposal of those properties by the Federal Government.  