Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I would like to make a couple of points. Legal Services was in need of reform, desperate reform, and I have got to tell you that in 1996 that happened. There are strong penalties for those that abuse the system. In fact, you can lose your license. You can be disbarred.  In 1995, Legal Services was cut by one-third, and that cut is in essence still in place. In fact, if the Serrano amendment does pass today, there will still be a $50 million cut in 2000 versus 1999. It does not go quite far enough.  Some here today have talked about some abuses. As far as I know, they are pretty old abuses. They were corrected, rightly so. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Gekas) who spoke a little bit before me talked about some of the abuses, and he was quite proud, rightly so, of the efforts that were made.  Some here today may have heard from some of their farmers, and goodness knows I have a lot of folks in agriculture in southwest Michigan. Last year, I wrote more than 4,000 of my farmers asking them for specific cases of abuse that they could tell me about involving Legal Services. Do you know how many responses I got back? None. Not a single farmer responded back with a single case of abuse, period.  Lawyers are expensive. They are costly to any family, whether you be rich or poor.  Let me tell you about a couple of the cases I found out, my local Legal Services, what they have done back in Michigan this year. The Berrien County Legal Services, my home county, intervened to assist a home-bound elderly woman who was ready to sign an unfair contract for home improvement. Not only did this widow avoid, thank goodness, because of the efforts of Legal Services, but she avoided entering into that agreement, and had she done so, the contractor would have ended up owning all of the equity in her home. Wrong. She got help, and she deserved it.  Another case, Legal Services helped a 76-year-old woman adopting her 8-year-old great granddaughter that she had raised from birth, even though the adoption was contested by the girl's father, her real father, who is serving time in prison and, in fact, had never seen his daughter. Legal Services succeeded in keeping this young girl in a stable home environment that she had known from birth. Those are the cases that Legal Services does every day of the week.  We have heard a little bit about padding some of the cases here, and, rightly so, perhaps. It is troublesome. But I have to tell you, the funding for all of these counties comes based on the poverty level in your counties. It is not by level of cases. It is based on need.  This is a program that works. If it does not work, Members of this House should go to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde), the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, who has proven his moxie, has proven he has the votes to get things done, bring those abuses to the Committee on the Judiciary, and, if they are true, he will fix them. I have confidence in the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde).  There are lots of statements around here that are chiseled into buildings. ``Equal justice under law.'' Let us not ask that brick layer to take that statement off the wall and instead put in ``no justice for some.''  Without this amendment, the brick layers may as well go back to work. Let us not close the courthouse doors. Let us not take away rights that the middle class and the rich are able to be able to pay for, whether it be adoption or custody or even doing a will. That is not right.  This amendment, even if it passes, still reduces Legal Services by almost 20 percent. A $50 million cut in a $300,000 program is still going to throw a lot of people out of work.  