 We are looking for you to lead that effort as it is in your district, congressional courtesy. But if you wait too much longer, you are going to have some other people. We are offering that up, but I know a lot of us here, Republicans and Democrats, would like to cosponsor that effort and help you see that become a reality. As people gave their remarkable tales here on the floor tonight and what it meant to them, for some reason, about a little more than a year ago, John Lewis and maybe Amo Houghton and a few others, Jay Dickey, Doug Tanner, sort of had me on a list, and we got together down in a little room in the Capitol, EF-100, and we talked about racism and what we could do. We can always pass the laws, but until something really happens at the grassroots, nothing is really going to happen. We talked about a number of different resolutions that we were offering up. I think the gentleman from Georgia then was in the middle of writing his book and how we could come together. A couple of weeks later, he asked me on the House floor if I might make the pilgrimage to Selma in 1998. When he gave me the weekend, March 6, the first weekend, I knew that I had major commitments back home in Michigan, that I could not do it, but somehow we juggled some things around and I flew down just for the day. I had never been to Alabama, ever. I flew down that Sunday morning, caught the first flight out at National Airport at 6 a.m. or whatever, terrible storm, got down just in time to hear John's sermon in the church. His sermon reflected a little bit on who would have guessed, me, John Lewis, 33 years later, coming here to preach in the same church where Dr. King had preached and seeing some of the changes but knowing we had so far to go.  We walked across the bridge, we took a bus ride, we had a long discussion about racism and bigotry and what it meant in our own lives. We came back. The gentleman then came back to my district. We had a tough scene this last summer. We had the Klan come to my district for the first time that I can ever remember. They were not welcome. Yet they had the right to come. As you and I both met with a number of leaders in my hometown, we discussed how we ought to deal with it. You went back to really sort of the roots of what you wrote about in your book and your life, about nonviolence, how we ought to make it a nonevent, and we did. And in the end, they canceled their visit the day that they were supposed to come, though they came a few months later, and they found out that there was no welcome wagon out and people for the most part ignored them. The reaction was perfect.  As we thought about this trip this year, and Amo Houghton was the cochair last year, the Republican cochair along with Jim Nicholson, our Republican national chairman and the former governor of Colorado last year as well, I was privileged to be asked to cochair this group and really spend a night or two in Alabama, to have listened to the stories of so many Members last year when they talked about their meeting with Governor Wallace. I can remember Sherrod Brown and you going to visit him literally in, I do not know if it was a hospital or his room, but he was not doing so well. Of course he has passed away today. And the white Members were not anxious to have their picture taken with him, thinking about all of the efforts that GovernorWallace had done at the schoolhouse door and everyplace else. Yet you had forgiven him, peace in your heart. He knew that he had erred, he had asked for forgiveness and in fact he came around.  As we read your book, John, and listen to your words, your wonderful words about leading the nonviolent effort, to see the courageous struggle that you went through and to visit the sites, whether they be in Montgomery or Birmingham, to see where Rosa Parks was taken off that bus, to look in the church where Dr. King first spoke or first became a minister, to see the shrine in the basement of the four wonderful, beautiful little girls who were killed with a bomb on a Sunday, to go through that wonderful museum in Birmingham, to see really, to touch the jail cell, to see the bombed-out bus that you and others had ridden at some point, to walk through that park, to see the dogs with their fangs out and to learn from Bernard Lafayette that in fact one of the German shepherds had a gold-plated tooth that the police riled up when he charged those kids.  We are so thankful for the work that you did to really help change America for the better. The reason that this pilgrimage was so important was for us to know where we are going, we have got to know where we have been. We know where we have been now, those of us that were not from there, and we know that we never ever want to go back. Yet there is work that we have to do. As Republicans and Democrats, as Members in this Chamber and the other and across the country, we have to make sure that there is no room in our hearts for hatred, for bigotry or racism. It is your footsteps and it is your leadership and it is your grace that allowed us to see the path that you took that helps give us the conviction and the courage and the perseverance to continue that path.  We are so appreciative of that love and of that work, John.  