Chairman, I rise in support of this bipartisan, common sense amendment. I applaud the efforts of not only our cosponsors, but certainly the leadership shown by my good friend the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Camp) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Roemer) as well. This has been a good effort, where we have succeeded before.  There are 13 different spending bills. As we ask others to tighten their belts, they first look to the Congress too. We want to lead by example.  I know that there has not been a year that I have been here that I have spent all the money that has been allocated to my office. It would be a crime to know that that money was reprogrammed without my wishes or goes to some other member who might have overspent their budget. That is not right. When I do not spend money, I want it to go back to where it came from, the Treasury. I want it to benefit the taxpayers of this country, to reduce the debt. That is what this amendment does.  At one point in my life I had the chance to work for the Office of Management and Budget. I tell you, when I worked there under David Stockman, my predecessor in the Congress, we were able to see the Reagan Administration push through a law here in the Congress that really looked at what the agencies did with their own budgets, because as we looked at their spending, often in September, before the end of the fiscal year, all of a sudden they would have a gigantic leap intheir funds. All of a sudden they would see they were not going to spend all of their money and there were just tremendous outlays and purchases that they made to spend all their money.  Guess what? We put a stop to that. We put an amendment forward that was adopted that slowed down the purchases at the end of the fiscal year so in fact if they did save money, that money was not reprogrammed, but it went to reduce at that point the debt and the deficit.  That is what this amendment accomplishes. What this amendment says is that we in the Congress, all of the Members here, through our accounts are going to spend more than $413 million.  The gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Roemer) was right. The average Members only spend about 90 percent of their budget. Figure out the math. That is tens of millions, tens of millions of dollars each year that we can return to the Treasury. We can not only feel good about that, but it actually does make a dent in reducing the debt.  I would ask all of my colleagues to support this amendment. It makes sense to most of the Members here, certainly to the groups like the National Taxpayers Union and others. It is bipartisan. Clearly we can work together. It is a good idea.  