Chairman, I am here today on behalf of peach growers in my State who may lose their farms, their livelihoods, unfortunately, because of a bureaucratic mistake.  Last January, much of the Michigan peach crop was devastated by a cold snap when temperatures plummeted to 15 degrees below 0. That was the high for a number of days. We knew then that the entire peach crop was going to be gone, literally dead on the branches, would not recover in the spring. But when the farmers turned to USDA for help, there was even more bad news.  The Risk Management Agency miscalculated our farmers' reimbursements providing them, yes, with relief but well below the amount that they deserved, expected, and what they need, in fact, to recover. In fact, we learned later on that when the disaster payments went out this summer, the same peaches in other States under this program were getting nearly twice as much per bushel. That is not right.  Now, there is some good news. The USDA admitted that they had made a mistake and, in fact, they wanted to make amends and they recalculated with a new formula to determine what the disaster payment really ought to be. But, unfortunately, those new payments will not affect the disaster program for peaches until next year, which means that this year our farmers are out.  What this amendment would have done is it would have provided a retroactive payment to Michigan peach farmers based on the correct information because we would feel that it is not fair to make peach farmers pay a price for an error by USDA.  Now, because a point of order could have been made against this amendment, I will ask unanimous consent to withdraw it. But I would like to note that I am working with the Committee on Appropriations members and they have given me a pretty good assurance that they plan to include this language as part of the agriculture appropriations conference report.  I have discussed it with a number of folks at the Department of Agriculture, including the Secretary of Agriculture earlier today, and they know of the problems that we have and would like to work with us to make sure that our peach farmers, in fact, are not discriminated against.  Mr. Chairman, I have talked to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Combest), chairman of the House Committee on Agriculture, and I yield to him.  