LaTourette) who joined us and helped us in every way.  Mr. LaTOURETTE. Madam Speaker, I want to add my voice to thank Doug Tanner and the Faith and Politics Institute for putting this trip together.  I have been, since I have been here, a strong believer in the importance of Members on both sides of the aisle, I would say to the gentleman from California (Mr. Filner), it is strange over here on the left side of the aisle too for me, as it is for him on the right, but I think when Members of both parties go out and see each other out of this room, good things happen.  So I found it to be an enriching weekend from many standpoints. But just to have the opportunity to talk to Members who are not of my party and to get to know them as people, I think helps us do our work here. I think that is important.  What actually piqued my interest on this trip, I heard the gentleman from California (Mr. Filner) at the Hershey retreat a couple years ago during the nondenominational church services describe his experience. It is his story, and I am not going to take it from him. But basically there are three Members of his party that were all involved in this movement at the same time in the 1960s, and they had some differences in points of view.  The fact that they not only came together years later to serve in the United States Congress but in the same political party, I think to me that story, I have carried that story with me since he told it, for 3 years, to show that there are no differences that cannot be bridged when one begins to work towards it.  Like the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Upton), I knew the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Lewis). I would sit as the Speaker pro tempore, and would I see the gentleman from Georgia come to the well and talk every once in a while. A lot of times he was talking about things that I did not agree with, but I did not know his rich history.  To have the chance to walk in the footsteps with a true American hero like John Lewis was an amazing experience for me, just a kid growing up in Ohio. I will not forget that.  We have all been gone over our Easter break in our districts. I took what I learned that weekend, and I visited a lot of schools because I like to spend time with my young people in my district.  I was able to tell them the story about what some people had to go through to get the right to vote and the fact that John Lewis and people like John Lewis were willing to risk their lives, were willing to risk police dogs and fire hoses and everything else that could be thrown at them in the 1960s just to get the right that we all take for granted to go in and cast a ballot in a Presidential race or a congressional race or a city council race.  So I was talking with some high school seniors, and I asked them, because we can register to vote at 18, how many are registered that are 18; and only half of them were. It has given me a powerful incentive and a powerful message to go back and talk to them now about what people before them had to go through to get the right to vote and that they should not squander that opportunity.  I was reminded of how far we have to go, but I was mostly reminded of the fact that we need to do it all together, Republicans and Democrats, black and white, men and women, rich and poor. A lot of times discussion in this Chamber is about dividing rather than bringing together. We need to concentrate more on finding the things that unite us. When we do that, I think that we can move forward.  If the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Upton) will permit me, I have one quick story that I was reminded of when we were in Alabama, about one of our Presidents, Harry Truman. We all go door-to-door in our campaigns. As the story goes, he ran into a nasty homeowner one day and stuck out his hand and said, ``I am Harry Truman, and I would like your vote.'' The woman would not come from behind the door. She said, ``Mr. Truman, I know exactly who you are, and I would not vote for you if you were Saint Peter himself.'' Mr. Truman, for a Democrat, he had pretty quick wit. He said, ``Madam, with all due respect, if I were Saint Peter, I do not think you would be in my district.''  It occurred to me when we were down in Alabama that this is one district, the United States is one district, and we need to figure out what it is that is going to pull us together more than anything else.  So I was very thankful to spend those three days with all of my colleagues, and I was most appreciative to have the chance to spend that time with the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Lewis).  