Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2130. I particularly want to appreciate the good work of the gentleman from Virginia (Chairman Bliley) and the gentleman from Florida (Chairman Bilirakis), both of whom would be here except for subcommittee hearings going on.  I thank my colleagues, all of the Michigan delegation, and in particular, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Stupak) who serves with me on the Committee on Commerce, for his diligent work on this effort, and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee) for her fine efforts, and obviously the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell) as well.  I also want to compliment Senator Abraham, who has introduced similar legislation in the Senate, as well as Chairman Hatch, chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary in the Senate, as he has apparently indicated that they want to move fairly quickly in the Senate with hearings and action over there very soon, perhaps as early as next week.  Mr. Speaker, I was a relatively new chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations in the Committee on Commerce this last year. There were two stories in Michigan that prevailed in a major way last January.  One was the terrible cold and snow. The high temperature I think in my part of the State was about 20 below for about 1\1/2\ weeks. The other story was a very sad story about two teenage women from the district of the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell) who went to a party and, sadly, someone allegedly laced their soft drinks with a date-rape drug called GHB or GBL. One of those women died. It was a nightmare, a nightmare that no family wants to experience or get that phone call.  I did not know very much about date rape drugs, and I thought, as the new chairman of the subcommittee, that we ought to have a look at it. We called a number of witnesses. In fact, we heard from a victim from this area, the Washington-Virginia-Maryland area, a woman who at the age of 14 or 15 had had her soft drink laced with this same type of drug. She was a serious victim of sexual assault. She, thank goodness, lived, but it was an experience that no family wants to experience.  Mr. Speaker, we heard in August from the Kansas City TV station, where they thought that perhaps as many as 6,000 or 7,000 cases of date rapedrugs had happened in the greater Kansas City area, and they were very interested in watching this legislation move forward. I heard from a mom in Ohio whose daughter's bottled water had been laced with this stuff and she was on life support, the daughter.  As we found out a little bit about this drug, we found that it was odorless, colorless, tasteless, and it is virtually available on every college campus across the country. We found out that on the Internet, virtually anyone with a credit card could get this stuff for as little as $20 overnight.  Mr. Speaker, this is a nightmare that needs to end. We found out that because of a number of loopholes in a number of States, these drugs were actually legal. They were legitimate. We found out that those States would try as hard as they may to try and ban some of these drugs. With a simple change in the chemical balance of these drugs, it could be made from GHB to GBL to who knows what, and the circumstance would be the same.  Mr. Speaker, this legislation that I introduced, along with my colleagues, the gentlemen from Michigan, Mr. Stupak and Mr. Dingell, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Bliley), and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), closes the door on these drugs. It makes them a Schedule I. It will take it, I hope, off the Internet.  It will make sure that on college campuses, in high schools across the country, that there will be a force that the law enforcement agencies will have where they can take this stuff off the street and save families from the nightmares that they would otherwise have.  We heard testimony that perhaps as many as 90 kids have died in the last couple of years because of these drugs, and certainly thousands and thousands of cases of abuse across the country. In many cases, when these kids, women, are brought to the ER rooms, the hospital has no idea what might have struck these kids because it is natural, in many cases. In many cases these drugs are a naturally-produced substance with a relatively short half-life, and without knowing specifically what to look for in this stuff, the ER room misses it and perhaps that child dies.  Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  