Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman of the Commerce, State, Justice Committee on Appropriations and my friend and colleague the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Smith) as well for their willingness to try to work with us.  I just want to say that the unintended consequences of section 110 is it will shut down the border. We have heard from virtually every business group that does trade, particularly in my home State of Michigan, with Canada, my friends in other States along that border, as well.  I know that the President met with the Prime Minister of Canada just last week. This was the number one issue that they raised. We have heard from the U.S. Chamber. We have heard from the National Association of Manufacturers. We have heard from American truckers. We have heard from the American Association of Export and Importers. We have heard from the travel industry.  We have heard from the National Governors Conference. And I just want to say in the letter that we received from many of the governors, they cite this: ``Although we support its objective to curb the illegal entry of aliens into our country, implementation of an entry-exit control mechanism as described by 110 will not only not solve the problem but it is also not feasible. Besides causing major delays in our land borders and disrupting legitimate cross-border traffic, such a control mechanism will also unnecessarily cause a significant disruption in economic development, international trade, and commerce tourism, and it requires sizable infrastructure investment. The global marketplace, driven by on-time delivery, will also be negatively impacted. Section 110 has the right intention but indeed it is the wrong approach.''  We have heard from a number of our border-crossing communities. They tell us it will take days, 2 or 3 days, for trucks to pass through these borders. Yes, it would be nice if we could think that there is going to be an automobile and we are going have the right card on it and go through the smart lane and register when it comes and goes. But who is to tell who is inside that vehicle, whether there are three people going across the border and what were their names, whether there were four people when they came back?  It is a system that will cost billions of dollars; and if it is ever designed and fully implemented, it still will not work. We need a new approach.  What we are suggesting here is that we repeal, for the time being, section 110. We will look at a feasible study. We will look at some alternative legislation down the road to replace it if and when it is ever ready. But this thing will shut down the border the way that it is now, and that is why in a vote in the Senate I think it was unanimous to get this thing repealed.  