 President, tomorrow afternoon we will vote on Senator Coburn's amendment dealing with ethanol.  I come to the floor at this time to express my strong opposition to that amendment. Senator Coburn's amendment would raise the tax on domestic energy production. It would do this by repealing an incentive for the use of a home-grown renewable fuel called ethanol.  With conflicts in the Middle East and crude oil priced at $100 a barrel or more, we should be on the same side. Let me make that clear. We have Middle East problems. We have crude oil priced at over $100 a barrel. Oil interests and biofuels interests, if both are domestically produced, should be on the same side of the energy issue.  Why would anyone prefer less domestic energy production? In other words, why would anyone prefer importing more oil over domestically produced energy, whether it is fossil fuel or renewable? We should all be on the same side of more domestically produced energy.  The tremendous cost of America's dependence upon foreign oil has never been more clear. I support drilling here and drilling now. I support renewable energy. I support conservation. I support nuclear energy. The reason I support different forms of energy and why we have to support more energy is that if we are going to have an expanding economy and create more jobs, we are obviously going to use more energy.  Remember, I included conservation in my energy program. So the attacks on domestic energy are quite a remarkable thing happening right now, when gasoline is $4 a gallon. We are spending $835 million a day imported oil. So whether it is oil or renewable energy, we should not be fighting each other over any source of domestic energy. We should be fighting together against OPEC and these foreign dictators and oil sheiks--some of them hate the United States--from holding our economy hostage.  The author of the amendment has argued that the production of clean, home-grown ethanol is fiscally irresponsible. It is important to remember that the incentive exists to help producers of ethanol to compete with the oil industry--in other words, to have a level playing field for all forms of energy.  Remember, the oil industry has been well supported by the Federal Treasury for more than a century. The Senator from Oklahoma, the sponsor of the amendment, has touted with much fanfare a letter from oil companies that says they don't need or want the credit. It is my understanding that many of the oil refineries are no longer in the business of downstream ethanol blending and, subsequently, do not pay the excise tax on gasoline and do not benefit from the credit.  Now, isn't it easy to be advocating repeal of something when you don't benefit from it? It is even easier to advocate for repeal when doing so would undercut your competition.  It shouldn't surprise anyone that the oil refiners and Big Oil are advocating a position that would reduce the competitiveness of renewable ethanol. Refineries enjoy a cozy monopoly on our Nation's transportation fuel. They opposed the Renewable Fuels Standard because it cuts into their monopoly.  Alternatively, if the members of the National Petrochemical and Refiners Association say they don't want or don't need the credit, then it is pretty simple: Don't take it. It is a tax credit which they must apply for to the Internal Revenue Service. If they don't want it and they don't need it, they shouldn't file for that credit with the Internal Revenue Service. I would be glad to work with the Senator from Oklahoma in getting the members of the National Petrochemical and Refiners Association to return the credit to the Federal Treasury. No one is forcing them to take the credit. Since they seem eager to return it, perhaps Senator Coburn and I can work together to get them to return it.  If you like tight gasoline supplies and if you like $4 gasoline, join the campaign led by Big Oil and the National Petrochemical and Refiners Association. If you want less dependence on foreign oil and more use of homegrown, renewable fuels, support ethanol producers.  The fact is, the portion of the industry that blends ethanol and sells it to the consumers supports maintaining this credit. The Society for Independent Gasoline Marketers of America, or SIGMA, recently wrote to the Senate majority leader and minority leader opposing efforts to prematurely and abruptly eliminate the blender's credit:       On behalf of our client, the Society of Independent      Gasoline Marketers of America, I write to you to oppose      efforts in Congress to prematurely and abruptly eliminate the      VEETC--that is the ethanol blenders credit.       Increasing the tax paid on ethanol-blended gasoline makes      no sense at a time when consumer fuel prices are already high      and the need to maximize domestic energy sources is so very      critical.  Very true at the time when gasoline is $4 a gallon.  SIGMA's members account for 37 percent of the petroleum retail market. SIGMA works to promote competition in the marketplace to help keep consumer fuel costs down. This is contrary to the position of oil refiners who prefer no competition.  I have further words from that letter.       This incentive has been an extremely useful tool in helping      the Nation's fuel marketers and chain retailers deliver fuels      to the market at a competitive price.       By providing long-term price competitiveness for ethanol-     blended fuels, VEETC also helps provide assurances to      marketers and retailers that important infrastructure      investments necessary to deliver these fuels will continue to      provide returns, and not result in wasted improvements.       Simply put, SIGMA opposes recent moves to prematurely or      abruptly end the subsidies without any consideration for      future fuel and fuel-delivery costs.       To end this incentive immediately would no doubt result in      an immediate spike in consumers' fuel costs.       SIGMA believes that a policy that provides an effective      transition for the industry from the current tax structure is      a better alternative to the slash and cut budget strategy      being promoted by some Members of Congress.  I ask unanimous consent to have this letter printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  