 President, today, we will confirm yet another of President Obama's judicial nominees. After today's vote, we will have confirmed five judicial nominees in the last 5 legislative days. We are moving swiftly in committee and on the Senate floor. Notwithstanding our quick pace, we hear from some that we are not moving fast enough. As I have said before, our side will continue to work in good faith to process consensus nominees. But we will not place quantity confirmed over quality confirmed. These lifetime appointments are too important to the Federal judiciary and the American people to simply rubberstamp them.  Today we will vote on Judge James Boasberg to sit on the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. Judge Boasberg is not the first individual nominated to fill this vacancy. This seat became vacant in May 2008, when Judge Thomas F. Hogan took senior status. President Bush nominated Jeffrey Adam Rosen in June 2008. He was unanimously rated well qualified by the ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary. He had over 20 years of experience in private practice, principally involved in complex business litigation matters. He had more than 5 years of public service, having served as general counsel at the Office of Management and Budget and at the U.S. Department of Transportation. Despite his qualifications, Mr. Rosen's nomination languished in committee for over 6 months.  While I am disappointed Mr. Rosen was not given any consideration, I am pleased to be able to support Judge Boasberg. He was nominated last June and had his hearing in September. He was reported out of committee last December, during the lameduck session, and the Senate was unable to complete action on the nomination. The committee moved quickly on his renomination this year, reporting him out of committee last month.  Judge Boasberg presently serves as an associate judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia. Following the Senate's unanimous confirmation, President George W. Bush appointed him to this position in August, 2002.  Judge Boasberg earned his B.A., magna cum laude, from Yale College, his master of studies from Oxford University, and his juris doctor from Yale Law School. After completing law school, he clerked for the Honorable Dorothy W. Nelson of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. He then went into private practice, working as a litigator on complex business and white-collar defense matters.  Judge Boasberg also served as an assistant U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia. There he prosecuted criminal matters and specialized in homicide cases. He has received a unanimous well qualified rating from the ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary.  I am pleased this seat is being filled with someone who has concrete knowledge of what it takes to be a judge, and I hope Judge Boasberg continues to work hard to serve the American people.  I congratulate the nominee and his family on this important lifetime appointment.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  