 It is a privilege for me to come to the floor of the Senate to speak on the issue of the bill before us, which is a sense-of-the-Senate bill, which means basically the Senate is debating something that is not shooting with real bullets. In other words, it just expresses the sense of the Senate, it does not change any law, so it doesn't amount to much.  As the President and congressional leaders continue to debate how best to reduce the deficit, it seems my friends on the other side of the aisle and my President continue to demand a tax increase as part of any deal. For sure, any discussion of reducing the deficit should include a discussion of tax reform, but tax reform is different from tax increases. You heard the previous speaker speak about Republican plans that deal with reducing expenditures, and that is right, because we believe the deficit problem in this country is not because the American people are undertaxed, it is because Congress and Washington overspend. However, what is being discussed with this bill currently is tax increases on targeted groups, supposedly because they can afford it. This is not tax reform.  Professor Vedder of Ohio University has studied tax increases and spending for more than two decades. In the late 1980s he coauthored with Lowell Galloway, also of Ohio University, a research paper for the Congressional Joint Economic Committee. That study found that every new dollar of new taxes led to more than $1 of new spending by the Congress. It did not reduce the deficit then--you raise a dollar, you increase the deficit. I will be a little more specific.  Working with Stephen Moore of the Wall Street Journal, Professor Vedder updated that research last year and came to the same result. Specifically, Moore and Vedder found:       Over the entire post-World War II era, through the year      2009, each dollar of new tax revenue was associated with      $1.17 in new spending.  That is like a dog chasing its tail. Very few dogs catch them, so when you raise a dollar here, common sense might dictate it goes to the bottom line, but it doesn't work out that way. It actually increases the deficit because Congress believes we have a new dollar coming in, let's spend $1.17.  History proves tax increases result in spending increases. We know that increasing taxes is not going to reduce the deficit. History also shows that tax increases do not increase revenues. That is probably contrary to most people's common sense, but I have a chart here that I think demonstrates this very clearly. I will be somewhat repetitive because I want to leave my remarks and go to this chart, and I will refer to it again.  What this chart basically shows is that over a long period of time, going back to World War II to the present, all the taxes coming into the Federal Government have been roughly 18.2 percent of gross national product, but pretty much even-steven across the board. Sometimes it is up a little bit, sometimes down a little bit, but for 50 or more years it is averaging about 18.2 percent of gross national product.  What this chart also shows is--contrary to what you believe, that if you raise taxes you are going to bring in more revenue, and if you reduce taxes you are going to bring in less revenue--that is not true.  That gets to this issue of taxing the wealthy. It gets to the issue of raising taxes on anybody. From World War II until Jack Kennedy, President Jack Kennedy, we had 90 percent marginal tax rates. 