 President, today the Senate will vote on the nomination of John Andrew Ross to be U.S. district judge for the Eastern District of Missouri, and also Timothy M. Cain, to be district judge for the District of South Carolina.  Both seats have been deemed to be judicial emergencies. With these votes, we have confirmed 67 article 3 judicial nominees during this Congress. Of these, 23 have been for such judicial emergency type districts. I am pleased that we continue to have great progress in lessening the burden of our overworked courts, particularly concentrating upon judicial emergencies.  I am somewhat surprised in the delay in bringing these votes we are going to have today to the full Senate, at the majority leader's request.  Senate Republicans cleared these votes nearly 2 weeks ago, with the anticipation that the Senate would vote on these nominees last Monday, September 12. So I hope everyone understands these nominees could have been confirmed 8 days ago. It was not the Republicans then holding up these for the last 8 days.  As I noted, we continue to make great progress in proceeding to President Obama's judicial nominees. These votes today are somewhat of a milestone. They are the 99th and 100th confirmation of President Obama's judicial nominees. As of today the Senate has confirmed 63 percent of President Obama's judicial nominees since the beginning of his Presidency.  Earlier today the Senate Judiciary Committee held its 14th nomination hearing. We have now heard from 82 percent of President Obama's judicial nominees this Congress. At this point in the 108th Congress, only 79 percent of President Bush's judicial nominees had received a hearing. We have also reported 69 percent of President Obama's judicial nominees compared to 67 percent of President Bush's.  I am pleased with the progress and will continue to move forward with consensus nominees.  Now I would like to say a few words about these two nominees.  John Ross is nominated to be U.S. district judge for the Eastern District of Missouri. He presently serves as a circuit judge for the 21st Judicial District in Missouri. Appointed to that position by the Governor in January 2000, Judge Ross was retained by the voters in Missouri in the retention elections of 2002 and 2008. During his tenure, Judge Ross was elected assistant presiding judge by his judicial colleagues in that circuit and served in that office from 2005 to 2009. He was subsequently elected as presiding judge and has served in that capacity from 2009 until now.  Prior to his appointment to the State bench, Judge Ross served as county counselor for St. Louis County and in the St. Louis County's Prosecuting Attorney's Office. He is a graduate of Emory University and the Emory School of Law. The American Bar Association Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated Judge Ross ``well qualified.''  Timothy M. Cain is nominated to be U.S. district judge of South Carolina. Judge Cain presently serves as a South Carolina Family Court judge in the Tenth Judicial Circuit. The South Carolina General Assembly elected him to that position in 2000 and reelected him in 2004 and 2010. In 2005 the chief justice of South Carolina's Supreme Court appointed Judge Cain to serve as the chief administrative judge for the Family Court of the Tenth Judicial Circuit. By designation of the chief justice, Judge Cain also served as acting associate justice for the South Carolina Supreme Court on several occasions.  Prior to his judicial service, Judge Cain had a distinguished private practice in South Carolina. He maintained a general practice and assisted in representing several local governments and municipal clients. During his years of private practice he also served the public sector. Judge Cain served as a part-time assistant public defender with the Oconee Defender Corporation in that State.  From 1988 to 1990 he served as assistant solicitor general for the Solicitor's Office of the Tenth Judicial Circuit, where he represented South Carolina in prosecuting child abuse and neglect cases and various criminal cases.  In 1992 the county supervisor appointed Judge Cain as county attorney for that home county.  He is a graduate from the University of South Carolina and the University of South Carolina School of Law. The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated Judge Cain ``qualified.''  I congratulate both nominees and yield the floor.  