 President, I want to discuss an important component of the patent reform legislation that protects against frivolous and vexatious litigation arising from qui tam suits for false patent markings. The bill before the Senate abolishes this qui tam procedure and I would like to discuss why I support doing so, even though I am generally a strong proponent of using the qui tam mechanism to protect American taxpayers.  The qui tam provisions of the False Claims Act specifically allow the government to intervene and control litigation when the government has been harmed through false or fraudulent billing. The qui tam provisions of the patent law do not.  In fact, a recent Federal court decision struck down the qui tam provisions of the patent law as unconstitutional because the false patent marking statute does not give the executive branch sufficient control over the litigation to ensure that the President can ``take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.''  As I mentioned, the False Claims Act is completely different. The Justice Department has the right to intervene, to prosecute, or to dismiss a False Claims Act qui tam. I was instrumental in ensuring such controls on frivolous lawsuits were inserted into the False Claims Act and the absence of similar controls in the false patent marking law is problematic.  I would not want anyone watching the patent reform bill to conclude that Congress will weaken or undermine the False Claims Act qui tam statute because we have stricken a flawed qui tam provision in the patent bill. I will vigorously defend the False Claims Act and urge my colleagues to do the same. The False Claims Act is the Federal Government's strongest weapon to protecting the taxpayer dollars from fraud and abuse. It would be a serious miscalculation for anyone to imply or attempt to characterize my support for the removal of the patent qui tam as a starting point for striking or reforming the False Claims Act qui tam provisions.  The False Claims Act qui tam provisions have helped the Federal Government recover over $28 billion since I amended it to add the qui tam provisions in 1986. With the recent amendments to the False Claims Act that I, along with Senator Leahy, included in the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, the False Claims Act will continue to serve as the Federal Government's most valuable tool to combat fraud in government programs for decades to come.  