 President, today the Senate will vote on three more judicial nominations. With these votes, we will have confirmed 14 nominees this month and 52 nominees this year. We continue to achieve great progress in committee as well. Eighty-four percent of the judicial nominees submitted this Congress have been afforded hearings. Only 78 percent of President Bush's nominees had hearings for the comparable time period during his Presidency. We have reported 76 percent of the judicial nominees, compared to only 71 percent of President Bush's nominees. In total, the committee has taken positive action on 83 of the 99 nominees submitted this Congress, or 84 percent. Overall, we have confirmed over 70 percent of President Obama's judicial nominees since he took office.  I will support the confirmation of each of the nominees today. I have a few words to say about each nominee.  Mark Raymond Hornak is nominated to be U.S. district judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Mr. Hornak graduated with a B.A. from the University of Pittsburgh in 1978, and with a J.D. from the University of Pittsburgh School of Law in 1981. He began his legal career as a clerk for Judge Sprouse on the Fourth Circuit. Since his clerkship, the nominee has spent his entire career at Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney where he practices labor and employment law, representing primarily employers and public agencies.  Mr. Hornak received a unanimous ``well qualified'' rating from the American Bar Association Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary.  Robert David Mariani is nominated to be U.S. district judge for the Middle District of Pennsylvania, a seat deemed to be a judicial emergency. He received his A.B., cum laude, from Villanova University in 1972, and his J.D. from Syracuse University College of Law in 1976. Mr. Mariani began his legal career by practicing labor, employment, commercial, real estate, civil, and criminal law. During this time, Mr. Mariani also served as the Solicitor to the Scranton-Dumore Sewer Authority.  Beginning in 1980, Mr. Mariani dedicated himself to the exclusive practice of labor and employment law. His expertise includes collective bargaining, labor arbitration, and employee pension and benefits law under ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code. Mr. Mariani has practiced before Federal and State courts, the NLRB, the EEOC, and the Pennsylvania Human Rights Campaign. He also serves as counsel to the Northeast Pennsylvania School District Health Trust and the Berks County School District Health Trust. In addition to his practice, Mr. Mariani also serves as an arbitrator, where he resolves complex labor disputes through negotiation.  Mr. Mariani received a unanimous ``well qualified'' rating from the American Bar Association Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary.  I had some initial concerns regarding Mr. Mariani's nomination. Mr. Mariani has expressed labor policy preferences against at-will employment and in favor of card check for union employees. I asked him about these statements at his hearing and in followup questions. Based on his responses, I am willing to give him the benefit of the doubt that he will be able to be fair and impartial as a judge.  Robert N. Scola is nominated to be U.S. district judge for the Southern District of Florida, another seat deemed to be a judicial emergency. Judge Scola earned his B.A. in 1973 from Stanford University and his J.D. from Boston College of Law in 1980. From 1980 to 1986, Judge Scola served as a prosecutor in State court. He began with misdemeanor cases and finished with prosecuting first degree murder and death penalty cases.  From 1986 to 1995, Judge Scola served as a criminal defense attorney. He practiced solo for most of this time. From 1992 to 1993, he joined two other attorneys in criminal defense. Judge Scola specialized in criminal defense in both State and Federal court.  Governor Lawton Chiles appointed Judge Scola to his current position as a circuit judge for the Eleventh Judicial Circuit of Florida in and for Miami-Dade County in 1995. Since then, the circuit has elected and reelected him without opposition in 1996, 2002, and 2008. He has served in the family division, civil division, and has also served as an appellate judge for county court and administrative law cases.  Judge Scola received a unanimous ``well qualified'' rating from the American Bar Association Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary.  