  On August 2, our Nation will be unable to borrow money to meet our current obligations. We have known for a while this was coming. Our annual deficits have been near $1.5 trillion for the past 2 years and are going to be that large this year as well.  With deficits of that size, no one should be surprised that we have hit the debt ceiling, which raises the question then: What has the President offered to confront this looming crisis?  I ask that question because people expect a President to lead, and we have had an executive budget and an executive budget law since I think the 1920s putting the President in the lead on these issues.  So I ask another question: What has the Senate Democratic majority done to address our deficit crisis? Because it is the responsibility of the majority to present a budget to the Congress of the United States, and we have not had a budget resolution for more than 800 days now. So I think you can draw the conclusion, whether it is the President of the United States or the Senate majority, the answer is simple: Not much has been done.  Last year, President Obama virtually ignored his own deficit reduction commission. Remember, in February 2010 the President appointed a lot of people to a deficit reduction commission to give us a plan of what could be done about this fiscal situation that has happened so dramatically in the last 2 years, and there was no recognition in December when they reported that the President said that is the thing that should be done in this country.  This year, he did offer a budget, as he has to do under the budget law, February 14 of this year. That budget would increase spending, increase taxes, and still add trillions to our debt.  Everybody would think that a Democratic President suggesting a budget would be well-received in a body that is controlled by the same political party. But that budget he presented in February was so ill-conceived and out of touch that it was defeated here in the Senate by a vote of 97-0.  Let me emphasize that by saying not a single Senator of either party voted for President Obama's budget. Of course, it is very obvious that every member of the President's party said no to the President's budget.  For most of this year, President Obama said we should raise the debt ceiling without taking any measures to address our long-term deficits and debt. It was the position of this administration that Congress should simply rubberstamp another debt ceiling hike with no plan in place to reduce our deficits.  That plan was voted on in the House and was soundly rejected there as well. All of the Republicans and nearly half of the Democrats in the other body voted against increasing the debt ceiling without deficit reduction.  So it seems to me we have a lot of bipartisan agreement, when people say we have no bipartisan cooperation, that with the Senate's vote on the President's budget and in the other body with nearly half of the Democrats opposing a debt ceiling without deficit reduction, that there is a clear understanding in a bipartisan way in the Senate that the President's budget spends too much, taxes too much, and leaves too much debt. In the House of Representatives, there is a strong feeling that is bipartisan that if you are going to have a debt ceiling increase, there needs to be deficit reduction. So don't ever say there is not bipartisan agreement, because it has been expressed in votes in both Houses.  The President then gave a budget speech in April, and I presume he recognized the inadequacy of his budget presented to Congress in February. He outlined a budget framework that would reduce that budget that was presented in February by $4 trillion over 12 years. So the President very quickly in about 60 days came to the conclusion that his budget was out of step with what people of even his own political party felt was necessary so he could find $4 trillion to trim out of it.  But do you know what he hasn't done yet that a President ought to do in an environment where we have an executive budget process? He still hasn't presented the details of that budget.  The Director of the Congressional Budget Office, Dr. Elmendorf--as we all know, a person who is a devoted public servant, doing what is intellectually right all the time when he tries to help us decide how much money taxes are going to bring in or how much is going to be spent on a particular policy of Congress--was asked if he could estimate the budget impact of this new framework that came with the President's speech on April 13, in which he came to the conclusion you ought to spend $4 trillion less than what he thought he could spend on Valentine's Day. That is not necessarily a Valentine's gift in his February budget.  This is what the CBO Director said in regard to that April 13 speech. He said:       We don't estimate speeches. We need much more specificity      than was provided in that speech for us to do our analysis.  But, so far, the President has not provided those specifics. We have heard a lot from the White House about the need to come up with a plan, when the President has not presented a plan. The White House itself has never offered a single debt ceiling proposal for voters, and the Senate Democratic leadership has also seriously shirked its responsibilities because, as I said once before today, they have not put forward a budget in more than 800 days, even though the law requires that they do it.  Every family in America who works hard and sacrifices to pay their bills ought to be ashamed of the failure of the Senate to offer a budget, in violation of the law. In sharp contrast, Members of the House fulfilled their responsibility and passed a budget earlier this year. So the very same majority party in this body that has not presented a budget for 800 days has done nothing in regard to the House budget but demagog.  While they can't find time to compile their own budget, they sure found time to make speeches that are derogatory about the House budget. The House budget, then, obviously means the House of Representatives did their responsibility under the law by presenting a budget and adopting a budget.  While Members on the other side come to the floor to oppose and demagog the bill I am speaking about--the cut, cap, and balance bill--they have offered no plan of their own. While there is now a framework from the so-called Gang of 6, their plan also lacks any specificity. Perhaps that is the political strategy the other side has chosen. Voters and the American peoplecannot be upset with the position you have taken if you have not taken a position. It is like a rule for political leaders: You never get in trouble for a speech you do not give. Perhaps this strategy may be politically expedient, but it is going to drive our economy and our country off the cliff.  The strategy of placing a higher priority on the next election rather than the economic and fiscal situation facing our country is how we got into this mess. Based on the lack of proposals put forth by the other side, one could assume they are perfectly content borrowing 40 cents for every dollar we spend. Are they pleased with the deficits of $1.5 trillion annually? We could conclude they must be because they have not offered a plan to reduce the deficits.  On top of that, they have argued for tax increases. They must believe we have a revenue problem. According to their argument, the American people are not handing over enough of their money to satisfy the needs of Washington to spend. I am not sure we can ever tax high enough to satisfy the attitude in Congress to spend. In fact, if somebody would tell me how much money they really need from the American people to satisfy their appetite to spend, and I could get a limit on it and it were a hard limit, I might even vote for it because I would like to have people say they are finally satisfied, that government ought to be so big but no bigger. But I never get those sort of broad statements in the Congress. So I have come to the conclusion that we cannot raise taxes high enough to satisfy the appetite to spend.  But because we are borrowing money, the economy is not growing, and jobs are not being created because Washington is spending too much. Of course, the other side believes the economy is not growing because we are not spending enough from Congress.  Remember, just a few years ago they passed the $800 billion so-called stimulus as a means to keep unemployment below 8 percent. That was early February 2009. That is when Speaker Pelosi said: Yes, we wrote the bill. We won the election.  So employment shot above 8 percent right away. It got up over 10 percent. It is at 9.3 percent. So the promise of a $830 billion stimulus keeping unemployment under 8 percent just did not work. What did they do under those circumstances? They borrowed money and spent it on government programs.  Where is the U.S. economy today? I will say it again: 9.2 percent unemployment, more than 14 million Americans out of work, and now the national debt is more than $14.3 trillion. This experiment called the stimulus proved that government spending does not stimulate private sector job growth. Do you know why? Government consumes wealth; government does not create wealth. The only jobs created by government are government jobs. They don't add value to the economy; they are a cost to the economy.  Do we have to have government? Yes. Do we have to have government employees? Of course we have to have government employees. But to think we can hire more government employees and create wealth is false. The fact is, we are the hole we are in because of our spending problems, not because we do not have enough revenue coming in.  Look at this historically. Spending has averaged about 20 percent of our gross national product. That is probably over four or five decades. Today and in recent years spending has grown to 25 percent of the gross national product. This level of spending cannot be sustained, particularly when revenue has historically been around 18 percent of GDP. This very day it is less than 18 percent because the economy is not growing, but a 50-year average is 18 percent of GDP.  For my colleagues who think we can reduce deficits by increasing taxes, they need to understand it just does not work. Professor Vedder of Ohio University has studied tax increases and spending for more than two decades. In the late 1980s he coauthored, with Lowell Galloway also of Ohio University, a research paper for a committee of Congress called the Joint Economic Committee that found that every new dollar of new taxes led to more than $1 of new spending by the Congress.  In other words, raise taxes $1 and you think we would go to the bottom line and reduce the deficit? But, no, $1 coming in, we spend more than $1, so we make the deficit worse. Professor Vedder has now updated his study. Specifically he found:       Over the entire post World War II era through 2009, each      dollar of new tax revenue was associated with $1.17 of new      spending.  History proves tax increases result in spending increases. We know increasing taxes is not, then, going to reduce the deficit. Instead of going to the bottom line, tax increases are a license for Washington to spend even more.  History also shows that tax increases do not increase revenue. Everybody thinks if we raise the marginal tax rates we will bring in more revenue. But the taxpayers, workers, and investors of this country are smarter than Members of Congress are who believe that.  Regardless of the rate, over the past 40 years--I am sorry, I don't have a chart with me. I had a chart with me a week ago that demonstrated this. But if you listen closely, you will get the message of the chart.  Regardless of the rate of taxation, over the past 40 years revenue has averaged, as I said before, about 18 percent of gross domestic product. Higher tax rates just provide incentives for taxpayers to invest and earn money in ways that reduce their tax liability. We cannot tax our way out of this problem. We have a spending problem, not a revenue problem. That is why I am supporting the only plan that has been put forth to address our deficit and debt problem: the cut, cap, and balance plan passed by the House with the bipartisan support of 234 Members.  This plan is the only plan offered to cut spending in the near term. We need to halt and reverse the trend of the last 2 years when government spending increased by 22 percent, not even counting the failed stimulus program of another $830 billion. We cannot increase expenditures 22 percent when the growth of the economy is about 2 percent. It just does not add up. That is how we get into trouble, and that is how we have increased a 50-year average of the national debt from about 35 percent of gross national product to--after 2 years, it is now 65 percent, and it is on a path to go over 90 percent.  We know where Greece is right now when they are over 100 percent. It is going to lead to failure. We are on that path right now, and we have to preempt that.  This bill before us also will impose budget caps to get our spending down to a manageable level compared to our gross domestic product.  Finally, it would impose a balanced budget amendment to our Constitution, similar to what--I don't know whether it is 46 States or 49 States--but most States have a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget. You know what. It works.  We have to stop to think, if a State that is as liberal as New York, if they can elect a liberal Democratic Governor, and if he can cut, cut, cut, to live within that constitutional requirement of a balanced budget, it ought to be something we can do in Washington DC. It is a discipline that works in the States. It is a discipline that we need through our Constitution so when we take an oath to uphold the Constitution, the requirement of a balanced budget is something we swear to, and we will deliver on our promise to the American people. It only makes sense to impose a requirement that we live within our means. Washington proves again and again that it needs this kind of discipline.  I say to my colleagues: If you do not support this plan, then offer your own plan. You know the debt limit must be increased, but you also know we must take action to reduce the future levels of deficits and begin to bring our debt down. Where is your plan to do that? Where is your budget resolution that has not been presented in the last 800 or more days to the Senate, violating the budget law? How will you meet the responsibilities, then, of being elected to this office where you take an oath to uphold the laws and the Constitution of the United States?  The trajectory of our debt is alarming. It will soon undermine our economy and our economic growth. If we do nothing, our children and grandchildren will have fewer economic opportunities than we have had. So this is not just an economic issue, this is not just a fiscal issue, this is a moral issue of whether this generation, mygeneration and people who are even younger than me but spending a lot of money, ought to live high on the hog and leave it to young people to pick up the bill.  Without a plan to put our fiscal situation on a better path, the next generations will have a lower quality of life than the one we have experienced. We cannot let that happen. We must take action to correct our course.  I urge my colleagues to support the cut, cap, and balance plan.  I yield the floor.  