 President, because of the attack against Congresswoman Giffords, there has been some legislation introduced for more gun control. We are going to have to take a good look at that piece of legislation, as we have unanimously passed legislation after the tragic shooting in Virginia Tech in April of 2007. I am not going to deal directly with that specific piece of legislation, but I wish talk about some of the general approaches to gun control that are being discussed.  Getting back to Virginia Tech, the national debate surrounding updating Federal gun laws gained national attention following the tragic shooting at Virginia Tech and now, of course, has come up again because of the attack against Congresswoman Giffords.  Following the terrible tragedy at Virginia Tech, Congress passed the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. That goes by the acronym of NICS, N-I-C-S, so I will be referring to the national instant criminal background check by that acronym.  This bill, as I said, passed the House and the Senate by unanimous consent and was signed into law by President Bush. Despite the strong bipartisan support the NICS Improvement Act had, the improvement act was not a perfect piece of legislation and is a good example of why we need to be very careful when we legislate to avoid unintended consequences. So I am raising some of these issues in regard to the possible consideration of legislation that has been introduced because of the terrible attack on Congresswoman Giffords.  For example, in the next bill it actually--with unintended consequences but still doing it--stripped thousands of veterans and their beneficiaries of their second amendment rights simply because they had a fiduciary appointed on their behalf. Oftentimes, a fiduciary is appointed simply for managing disability compensation pensions or survivor benefits.  Under an interpretation by the Department of Veterans' Administration, veterans who have a fiduciary appointed are often deemed ``mentally defective,'' and are then consequently reported to the FBI's NIC system and consequently prohibited from purchasing a firearm.  Under the NICS Improvement Act--and that was a bipartisan bill--with unintended consequences, this happened: Around 114,000 veterans and their beneficiaries have been automatically denied their second amendment rights.  It is a terrible irony that veterans, who have served their country on the battlefield, who have been entrusted with our national security and have been provided firearms by their very government, are the same people the NICS Improvement Act harmed by taking away their second amendment rights, all without a hearing or formal adjudication.  We honored and celebrated Veterans Day last Friday. Yet, we are possibly going to be debating new legislation to restrict the second amendment rights of citizens without fixing the unintended consequences of our last major gun law, the NICS Improvement Act.  While the horrific events in Tucson are still fresh in our memories, as we discuss new gun control laws we also need to move forward on bipartisan legislation, such as the Veterans Second Amendment Protection Act, introduced by a bipartisan couple, Senator Burr and Senator Webb. This bill would fix the unintended consequences to thousands of veterans caused by the NICS Improvement Act.  A hearing we had this week offered me an opportunity to discuss illegal firearms tracking and the government's efforts to stop it. At the forefront of this is the Department of Justice's failed operation called Fast and Furious, where the ATF knowingly allowed illegal purchasers to buy guns. The more we learned about Fast and Furious, the more we have discovered that senior Justice Department officials knew or should have known about these nearly 2,000 guns ending up in the hands of criminals, including the drug cartels in Mexico.  At the first House oversight hearing on Operation Fast and Furious, multiple ATF agents testified that fear spread through the Phoenix field division every time there was news of a major shooting event. So that brings us back to the tragedy for Congresswoman Giffords.  Specifically with regard to the Congresswoman's shooting one agent said:       There was a state of panic, like, . . . let's hope this is      not a weapon from that case.  And ``that case'' was the Fast and Furious case, where our government decided to encourage licensed gun dealers to illegally sell guns to straw purchasers with the idea that we would follow them across the border. But there wasn't any following. So it was an effort doomed to failure in the first place. The Fast and Furious operation was failed in concept, in design, and in execution.  As the Attorney General said last week, before our Judiciary Committee: It should never have happened. And the Justice Department officials who knew about this program, including those who allowed false statements to Congress, need to be held accountable.  I thought it was fitting that late last week, Attorney General Holder finally wrote to the family of Agent Terry, the person who was murdered with two of these Fast and Furious guns found at the murder scene. This is the very same Attorney General who had an opportunity to apologize to the Terry family when he was asked by Senator Cornyn, Have you apologized to the Terry family? The Attorney General said, No. He said, Would you like to apologize now? That is what Senator Cornyn asked him. He gave an answer, but it wasn't an apology. So we have a letter late last week going to the Terry family. In his letter, he stated he was sorry for their loss, although he refused to take responsibility for the Department's role in Agent Terry's death.  At the root, then, of Fast and Furious--and a lot of rhetoric surrounding gun control legislation--have been the gun trafficking statistics provided by ATF. These unclear statistics have fueled the debate and contributed to undertaking such a reckless operation as Fast and Furious.  For example, in 2009, both President Obama and Secretary of State Clinton stated that 90 percent of the guns in Mexico were from the United States. But that statistic later changed to 90 percent of the guns that Mexico submitted for tracing to the ATF were from this country. This year, that number has become 70 percent of the guns submitted by the Mexican Government for tracing were from the United States. All the different percentages beg the question, what are the real numbers?  Articles discussing the 70-percent number misrepresent the facts, as I pointed out in a letter to then-ATF Acting Director Melson in June of this year.  First, there are tens of thousands of guns confiscated at crime scenes annually in Mexico. The Associated Press stated that in 2009, over 305,424 confiscated weapons were locked in vaults in Mexico. However, the ATF has acknowledged to my staff, in a briefing on July 29, 2011, that ATF does not have access to the vault in Mexico described in that story.  ATF also acknowledges that only a portion of the guns recovered in Mexico are actually submitted to the United States for tracing. In a November 8, 2011 court filing, the chief of ATF's firearms operation division made a declaration saying--now, remember, this is in a court filing:       It is important to note, however, that ATF's eTrace data is      based only on gun trace requests actually submitted to the      ATF by law enforcement officials in Mexico, and not on all of      the guns seized in Mexico.  That court filing further states that:       In 2008, of the approximately 30,000 firearms that the      Mexican Attorney General's Office informed ATF that it had      seized, only 7,200, or one quarter, of those firearms were      submitted to ATF for tracing.  So if Mexico submits only 25 percent of the guns for tracing, then the statistics could be grossly inaccurate one way or the other.  The discrepancies in the numbers do not stop there. ATF also informed my staff that the eTrace-based statistics could vary drastically by a single word's definition.  We have an example of different definitions. The 70-percent number was generated using a definition of U.S.-sourced firearms. That happens to include guns manufactured in the United States or imported through the United States. Thus, the 70-percent number does not mean that all guns were purchased at a U.S. gun dealer and then smuggled across the border; it could simply mean that the firearm was manufactured in the United States.  So when my staff asked ATF, how many guns traced in 2009 and 2010 were traced to U.S. gun dealers, the numbers were quite shocking in comparison to the statistics we previously heard. For 2009, of the 21,313 guns recovered in Mexico and submitted to tracing, only 5,444 were sourced to a U.S. gun dealer. That is around 25 percent.  For 2010, of the 7,971 guns recovered in Mexico submitted for tracing, only 2,945 were sourced to a U.S. gun dealer. That is only 37 percent, a far cry from 70 percent or 90 percent that we have been hearing over a long period of time, not to mention that the guns in 2009 and 2010 from gun dealers could include some of the nearly 2,000 firearms that were walked as part of our own Justice Department's Operation Fast and Furious.  We need clearer data from ATF and from Mexico. Mexico needs to open the gun vaults and allow more guns to be traced, not just the ones the Mexican Government selects. We need to know if military arsenals are being pilfered as a source--as media articles have claimed the State Department points to in diplomatic cables.  When it comes to the diplomatic cables, I sent a letter to--actually it was yesterday--Secretary of State Clinton seeking all diplomatic cables discussing the source of arms from Mexico, Central America, and South America. I believe this information is relevant to Congress, given that I discovered in a July 2010 cable, as part of my Fast and Furious investigation, that cable titled, ``Mexico Weapons Trafficking--The Blame Game,'' seeks to dispel myths about weapons trafficking. Among other things, the State Department authors discussed what they perceived as ``Myth: An Iron Highway of Weapons Flows from the U.S.''  These cables are vitally important to Congress's understanding of the problem. Further, given that they appear in documents that ATF submitted to Congress as part of Fast and Furious, there should be no reason for the State Department to withhold them as part of our legitimate oversight, even if they are classified.  There is a lot more to be said about the specific problems with the legislation that might be coming before the Judiciary Committee as a result of Congresswoman Giffords' tragedy. We have to ask a lot of questions to flush out some of these serious problems. We don't want to happen in this legislation what happened in the NICS Improvement Act when 114,000 veterans were denied their second-amendment rights and, consequently, avoid these unintended consequences. We should not be legislating away any constitutional rights people have under the second amendment.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  