 President, usually by this time on a Friday, or even a little earlier, I have had the pleasure of going back to Iowa on the weekend. I would much rather be doing that. Obviously, we have problems that have to be worked out, and there is reason for staying around this weekend, particularly for those of us who do not miss votes, and we do not want to miss a vote, hopefully, to keep government functioning.  There is one advantage of not being on an airplane going back to Iowa on a Friday when I do not have committee meetings and constituent meetings: I have been able to listen to a lot of the speeches today. We do not get that opportunity Monday through Thursday very often. It is quite a pleasure to be able to hear my colleagues speak, as they have on both sides of the aisle, so strongly about differently held views in this body about the budget issues and subsidiary issues that are being discussed at this time.  Listening to the debate, I have come to the conclusion that it was one big mistake that we did not get appropriations bills passed last year. I hope people on the other side of the aisle realize if those appropriations bills had been passed, we would not be here today worrying about shutting down government and reaching some gigantic compromise.  I suppose on the other side of the aisle there is a lot of ill feeling about not taking advantage of the fact that last year there were 59 Democrats and only 41 Republicans in this body. The majority party could do just about anything it wanted to do. Of course, in the House of Representatives it was overwhelmingly controlled by the other political party, and that control particularly where appropriations bills pass.  Looking back now, I realize there was not any attempt to bring up any appropriations bills, which obviously is not a good way to run the government. I did listen to some excuses from the other side of the aisle when people were asked: How come no appropriations bills were passed? The answer from one Senator: We only had 59 votes, and Republicans would not let us bring it up.  Then I was in a quandary. There was not anything stopping the overwhelming majority of the Democratic Party in the other body from passing almost anything they wanted to because it is just a political fact of life, whether you have a Republican majority in the House of Representatives or a Democratic majority in the House of Representatives, as long as they stick together they can get anything done they want to get done. They can ignore the minority. They may not have been able to ignore the minority in the Senate, if 41 Republicans would stick together, but they hardly ever do. What a mistake it now must be for the Democratic Party not to have passed appropriations bills last year so we wouldn't be going through this. But it wasn't done.  I think, now, looking back, it was probably because they didn't want discussion of budget issues before the election. They didn't want the public being reminded about the $1.5 trillion deficit. In other words, we borrow about 42 cents out of every $1 we spend, and we take in about $2.2 trillion and spend $3.7 trillion. That is in the neighborhood of a $1.5 trillion deficit. They probably didn't want that talked about. So come October 1, they passed a continuing resolution until December to get through the election, and then, when they got through the election, they would take care of it when we got back here.  But the elections are supposed to have consequences, and they do have consequences. If they do not have consequences, representative government and democracy doesn't mean much. So as the President himself said, he took a shellacking and they couldn't get it passed before Christmas. So the new people came in and took over--and it was the biggest turnover in Congress since 1938--and with a lot of new people there were a lot of new things to learn and it didn't get done by March 4. It was extended before Christmas until March 4, then 2 weeks, until March 18, and then 3 weeks, until this very day.  But what a mistake, with overwhelming majorities, this didn't get done in the usual time when we pass 12 appropriations bills to get things funded. It was very clear in the election that people wanted to stop this deficit spending, get the spending down, and get the size of government down. With the biggest turnover in Congress since 1938, they are going to expect some changes to be made, and that is what is going on right now with the level of expenditures.  We are led to believe by people on the other side that money is not the issue; that it is some social policy that is being debated and holding this up from happening. But I know this. The only possibility of not shutting down government, at least that is partly through the Congress, the Republicans are the only ones who have put forward legislation to reduce spending and to keep government open. It is kind of a commonsense approach that is used by the other body in sending us a bill that will fund Defense through the end of the year, and it will give more time for negotiation on the rest of the budget.  In funding Defense through the end of the year, we can't fight a war from week to week with how much money we have to spend. When we voted to put our men and women in danger in fighting this war on terror--with our men and women in danger, we should give them as much certainty as we can. Even now, with the possibility of not being paid--or the possibility their families are not going to get the support they are entitled to--it is just a terrible sin, when we have asked people to defend the country.  So that is the bill we ought to be taking up. But here we are, and there isn't any desire here to take it up, and the President says he is going to veto the bill. Why would the President be vetoing a bill that is going to give certainty to the military, the Defense Department, and what they can have to spend to do the job they are supposed to do, which is the No. 1 function of the Federal Government, our national security, and particularly for the families who are standing behind them?  So here we are trying to preempt, as far as domestic expenditures are concerned, the 22-percent increase that took place in 2009 and 2010. When we only have economic growth of 2\1/2\ to 3 percent, we can't be spending money at 22 percent increases, and that is on top of the $814 billion stimulus bill that was passed that was supposed to keep unemployment under 8 percent--and which, obviously, hasn't kept unemployment under 8 percent. So preempt that and go back to the 2008 level of expenditures.  I never heard people complaining in 2008 that there wasn't enough money appropriated to perform the functions of government. It is very necessary that we do that. But we can't incorporate that 22 percent up here and build that into the base over a 10-year budget window. There are hundreds of billions of dollars in difference between the 2008 level of expenditures and the 2010 levels of expenditures, and that is what it is going to take. We have to belooking ahead for the next 60 years, not just the next 6 months.  We need to take this gradual step toward the reduction of spending so government stops spending money it does not have. We have to start making decisions that are necessary about the future of our country. To a great extent, Washington is responsible for some of this. We have to reduce wasteful government spending. We have to tighten our belt in Washington, as families do at home. When you have dug yourself into a hole, the No. 1 rule is, stop digging. This bill, sent over from the House, will be the first step toward doing that. But for sure the public has a right to know the facts. They do not want us, with the facts they know, leaving our children in a bankrupt situation, which is what we will do if we don't immediately intervene and do something about it.  Also, this discussion about getting government spending down has something to do with simply creating an environment of certainty for our private sector. We have uncertainty in taxes, we have uncertainty in EPA regulations, and we have uncertainty from the standpoint of fiscal policy of the Federal Government--how much money are we going to continue to borrow and take away from the private sector. All these things lead to a reluctance of employers, large and small, in this country to hire people. So this debate is about creating jobs and putting in place a fiscal policy, along with a lot of other sensible policies.  But when we use the words ``sensible policy''--people back home might not know this--we have to remember this city is an island surrounded by reality, and the only business in this town is government. People in government, including those of us who are elected, are in the wagon with somebody else pulling the wagon. So we have to go home to our districts and bring back some common sense. That common sense says government ought to live as families live--within their means.  Those are the President's words, not mine. When we put his budget out in early February, he said: Government has to live within its means. Then what sort of a budget does he put out? A 10-year budget window that increases the national debt from $14 trillion to $26 trillion.  I hope we get something agreed to tonight. I hope government does not shut down. It doesn't save money, like people think it should. It actually costs money, and it costs people the services they are entitled to. But if you don't remember anything else this Senator has said tonight, remember this: Elections have consequences, and there were great messages sent in this last election. The people expect us to let them know that we get it and that there aren't any excuses in the process.  I yield the floor.  