 CBO statistics tell us that the top 5 percent of households earn 29 percent of the income and pay 43 percent of the income tax collected by the Federal Government. This chart here shows that these 5 percent of households have seen their taxes go up or hold steady while the other 95 percent of households have seen their taxes go down.  We are in a situation where people are talking about increasing taxes on higher income people because, supposedly, they can afford it--and probably they can afford it. But I get sick and tired of the demagoguery that goes on in Washington of taxing higher income people. This group of people is already paying 43 percent of all of the income tax coming in to the Federal Government, while 47 percent of the people in this country don't pay any income tax whatsoever. How high do taxes have to go, generally, to satisfy the appetite of the people in this Congress to spend money? And particularly, how high do marginal tax rateshave to go to satisfy those clamoring for higher taxes that the wealthiest in this country are paying enough money?  In addition to the CBO statistics on households, IRS statistics show that 1 percent of the wealthiest people make 27 percent of the income and pay 40 percent of the income taxes. If it be 41 or 42 percent, maybe we can look at it. But I never get the sense from anybody who is proposing these higher marginal tax rates on upper income people that they are ever going to be satisfied that those people are paying enough taxes. So I will get back to what I said. You could confiscate all the income earned by people that make over $250,000 a year but you are only going to run the government for 140 days. What do you do for the rest of the year if you only want the wealthy to pay all the taxes?  We ought to have some principles of taxation that we are abiding by. I abide by the principle that 18 percent of the GDP of this country is good enough for the government to spend. That leaves 82 percent in the pockets of the taxpayers for them to decide how to spend. Because if 535 of us decide how to divide up the resources of this country, it doesn't do as much economic good. If the money is left in the pockets of the 137 million taxpayers to decide whether to spend or to save it, and how to save it, or what to spend it on, it responds to the dynamics of our economy. 