 Over the years, I have always supported and defended the second amendment. I have consistently voted to ensure that the Federal Government does not limit the constitutional rights of the millions of American gun owners. I cannot support the amendment offered today by Senator Paul because it will damage the prospects of ensuring that critical national security laws are not reauthorized and could potentially hurt the second amendment rights of American citizens. In fact, the National Rifle Association said today in a vote alert, ``While well-intentioned, the language of this amendment as currently drafted raises potential problems for gun owners, in that it encourages the government to use provisions in current law that allow access to firearms records without reasonable cause, warrant or judicial oversight of any kind.''  Senator Paul's amendment actually removes protections from firearms owners. Currently, under the PATRIOT Act, in order to obtain firearms records, investigators must first go through a rigorous application process and then seek a Federal judge's approval. Senator Paul's amendment would remove this judicial review.  If Senator Paul's amendment became law and removed judicial review, investigators would then use a grand jury subpoena in order to obtain the records. A grand jury subpoena is a process that has neither a rigorous approval process, nor judicial review. Thus, Senator Paul's amendment, while intending to protect second amendment rights, actually backfires in that effort.  First, let's talk about the rigorous approval process that controls whether firearms records can be obtained under the PATRIOT Act. And remember, this process does not exist under criminal law when using a grand jury subpoena. To obtain gun records under the PATRIOT Act, a section 215 order is used. The use of section 215 orders has been reviewed by the Department of Justice Office of Inspector General, which issued a report in March 2007 that outlined the existing process; that is, the 10 layers of review before it is even sent to a Federal judge are as follows:  No. 1, the FBI field agent.  No. 2, the FBI field office supervisor.  No. 3, the field office's Special Agent in Charge.  No. 4, the field office's District Counsel.  No. 5, it is then forwarded to FBI headquarters, where it is reviewed by a National Security Law Branch lawyer.  No. 6, the National Security Law Branch Supervisor.  No. 7, the request is then sent to the Department of Justice's Office of Intelligence for review by a lawyer.  No. 8, if the request survives these seven approvals, the request is sent back to the field office for an accuracy review.  No. 9, the request is then approved by an Office of Intelligence supervisor.  No. 10, then one of the three highest ranking officials in the FBI must personally approve the request, either the Director, the Deputy Director, or the Executive Assistant Director for National Security.  After approval by the field office, the FBI's National Security Law Branch, the DOJ's Office of Intelligence, the field office again, and finally by one of the three highest officials of the FBI, then an Office of Intelligence lawyer presents the application package to the court for approval.  A federally appointed district judge, serving on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, FISA, reviews the request and holds a hearing. At this hearing, the court can ask questions and make any changes the independent judge deems appropriate. If approved, the signed order is then returned to the FBI field office to be served by the agent.  This is a very long process, and it takes, on average, over 140 days to geta section 215 order. It requires 11 separate approvals before any records could be obtained. Yet Senator Paul's amendment will completely eliminate this investigative tool. A section 215 order provides greater protections of second amendment rights than the alternative, which is a grand jury subpoena as part of a criminal investigation.  The alternative method of obtaining firearms records is a grand jury subpoena. It is rarely used as an alternative in the national security context. First, investigators must have a criminal nexus before it can seek a grand jury subpoena. This means there must be either criminal activity or a Federal firearms violation. Sometimes, when investigating terrorism, no criminal nexus exists. Senator Paul's amendment would prevent obtaining gun records in foreign intelligence investigations that have no criminal nexus.  More often, a suspected terrorist comes across our radar long before he ever does anything that would rise to the level of a criminal violation. Senator Paul's amendment would mean that the FBI could not get information that a suspected terrorist is legally buying firearms until after he actually takes the shot or does something else criminal. At this point, it is too late to prevent an act of terrorism from occurring.  It does not make any sense to allow criminal investigators access to firearms records but prohibit terrorism investigators the same access. That scenario is why we in Congress acted to amend the law following 9/11. This is simply another attempt to rebuild ``the wall'' between intelligence and criminal law that caused the failure connecting the dots prior to 9/11.  Remember, these sorts of records are crucial to the early stages of a terror investigation. It allows the government to connect the dots. This authority can only be used with prior approval from a Senate-confirmed, lifetime-appointed, independent, article 3, Federal district court judge. I am not sure how many more times I need to repeat the fact, that records are only provided after judicial review.  Those who claim that there are no controls have not read or have not understood the law.  I trust an independent judge who can, and will, say no if legal requirements are not met, if a request appears to over-reach, or if the law does not allow it.  Judicial review is one very important safeguard in place every time a section 215 order is requested, which is the tool to request firearms records. This safeguard is over and above those that exist in criminal cases. A vote for the Paul amendment is a vote to take away this judicial review.  No judge reviews a grand jury subpoena before it is issued. Yet, in more serious, national security cases, to obtain firearms records, a judge must approve the request and issue an order. That means it is more difficult to obtain records with a section 215 order in a national security case than it is in a less serious criminal case with a grand jury subpoena.  I don't know why we insist on making it harder to investigate acts of terrorism than to investigate fraud and illegal drugs.  Section 215 orders offer more protection than what the Constitution requires. The Supreme Court, in U.S. v. Miller, has held that business records, such as banking deposit slips or car rental records or firearms records, are not subject to fourth amendment protections because the customer has no reasonable expectation of privacy in documents that are in the possession of third parties.  The constitutional argument that a section 215 order is an unreasonable search in violation of the fourth amendment is completely contrary to what the Supreme Court has been saying for over 35 years. Thus, section 215 orders offer greater protection than what the Constitution requires.  There are no reported abuses of section 215 orders. And if this tool was being abused, people know that I would be eager to hold investigators accountable.  In fact, I will pledge to work with all groups and supporters of the second amendment, such as the National Rifle Association, to ensure that PATRIOT Act authorities are not used to circumvent existing prohibitions on obtaining U.S. citizen gun records. I support the goal Senator Paul is trying to achieve, namely protecting the constitutional rights of all gun owners. However, his amendment goes too far.  I urge my colleagues to oppose amendment 363 and support a clean extension of the expiring PATRIOT Act authorities.  