 President, on Friday a week ago, the Secretary of HHS made a very important announcement regarding one specific provision of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Secretary Sebelius announced the administration would no longer be implementing the Community Living Assistance Services and Support Act. The acronym CLASS applies to that part of the health care bill. She said:       When it became clear that the most basic benefit plans      wouldn't work, we looked at other possibilities. Recognizing      the enormous need in this country for better long-term care      insurance options, we cast as wide a net as possible in      searching for a model that could succeed. But as a report our      department is releasing today shows, we have not identified a      way to make CLASS work at this time.  This is not an ``I told you so'' speech, although it certainly could be. It isn't as though folks weren't raising significant concerns about the CLASS Act a long time before it ever passed. Two years ago, during the debate, Member after Member of the Senate came to the floor to argue the CLASS Act was destined to fail. Senator Thune led the fight to raise awareness about the fiscal disaster the CLASS Act has now turned out to be. The Democratic chairman of the Budget Committee called it a ``Ponzi scheme.'' The Democratic chairman of the Finance Committee stated on the floor that he was ``no friend of the CLASS Act.''  When the Senate took a vote on the CLASS Act, 51 Senators, including 12 Democrats, voted to strip it from the legislation. The majority didn't rule that day because an agreement required 60 votes to strip it out.  I think special recognition should go to former Senator Judd Gregg of New Hampshire. As ranking member of the Budget Committee while in the Senate, and a senior member of the HELP Committee, he was deeply concerned about the ultimate cost of the CLASS Act on future generations. He led an amendment to require the CLASS Act be actuarially sound. He did so not because he wanted to improve the CLASS Act but because he wanted to make clear the CLASS Act could not work from a fiscal standpoint.  His amendment showed that, once implemented, the CLASS Act would take in revenues in early years and then begin to lose revenues in the outyears, ultimately either failing or requiring a massive bailout with taxpayer money to salvage the program. In a strange twist of budget scoring rules, his amendment, once accepted, led the Congressional Budget Office to score the CLASS Act as producing savings on paper in the short term.  The score made clear the CLASS Act was doomed to failure, but as only happens here in Washington, a score showing the obvious failure of the CLASS Act then became an asset, particularly an asset because the Democratic leadership wanted to show this bill was revenue neutral or even revenue positive. It was used by the Democratic leadership not for what it provided beneficiaries but what it did for the overall health care reform bill.  With the CLASS Act and some imaginary savings in the bill, it made the overall bill look as if it actually saved money. Those savings, of course, were a gimmick. Everyone in Congress knewit, but some chose to ignore it or, worse still, to celebrate it.  The very first action on the floor for the Affordable Care Act was for the majority leader to ask unanimous consent to prevent amendments from spending the imaginary savings--and I emphasize imaginary savings--generated by the CLASS Act. It wasn't a motion to protect the CLASS Act itself but a cynical motion to protect its precious ``savings'' and the political value it had. Only in Washington, with overwhelming evidence on the table making clear a program would fail, would defense of the doomed CLASS Act become a virtue.  The Chief Actuary at CMS stated:       There is a very serious risk that the problem of adverse      selection would make the CLASS program unsustainable.  The risks were known then, yet Democrats in Congress plowed ahead anyway. Why, you may ask. Well, Megan McArdle noted in the Atlantic on Monday:       The problems with CLASS were known from day one, but no one      listened, because it gave them good numbers to sell their      program politically.  And it wasn't just political cover. The imaginary savings gave them protection against potential budget points of order. Would the Senate-passed bill have been subject to a budget point of order without the imaginary CLASS Act savings in the bill? That is a very legitimate question.  The announcement by the Secretary of HHS provides an overdue vindication for Senator Gregg. His amendment made the announcement inevitable. Health and Human Services could not make a viable case for implementing the CLASS Act because of Senator Gregg's amendment requiring the CLASS Act to be actuarially sustainable.  Our next action is clear. Congress should repeal the CLASS Act. It was not in the House health care reform bill. A majority of the Senate voted to strip the CLASS Act from the Senate bill. It was passed under laughably false pretenses. The responsible action for Congress is to repeal it in the first relevant piece of legislation.  I take a back seat to no one on issues associated with improving the lives of seniors and the disabled. As ranking member of the Aging Committee, I oversaw critical hearings into deep and persistent problems in our Nation's nursing homes. I was the principal author of the Medicare Part D prescription drug bill, which is currently providing our seniors and people with disabilities with affordable prescription medications.  On the disability front, one of my proudest achievements is the enactment of legislation I sponsored, along with the late Senator Ted Kennedy--the Family Opportunity Act--which extends Medicaid coverage to disabled children. In large part through my efforts, the Money Follows the Person Rebalancing Act and the option for States to implement a home- and community-based services program were included in the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005.  Along with Senator Kerry, I introduced the Empowered at Home Act which, among other things, revised the income eligibility level for home- and community-based services for elderly and disabled individuals.  This is what I said about the CLASS Act on December 4, 2009:       If I thought that the CLASS Act would add to this list of      improvements to the lives of seniors or the disabled, I would      be first in line as a proud cosponsor of the CLASS Act. But      the CLASS Act does not strengthen the safety net for seniors      and the disabled. The CLASS Act compounds the long-term      entitlement spending problems we already have by creating yet      another new unsustainable entitlement program. The CLASS Act      is just simply not viable in its current form.  That is the end of the quote I made on December 4, 2009, when that provision of the health care reform bill was up.  But this is not an ``I told you so'' speech. No, Mr. President, I am here because I am offended by the way this administration and proponents of health care reform have used the disability community throughout the debate over the CLASS Act.  Congress and the administration knew the CLASS Act would fail when it was being considered. The administration now somehow manages to treat this as a shocking discovery, and the fact that they are doing that is beyond me. But the way the administration has tried to soften the blow for the disability community rubs me the wrong way, because in the Secretary's statement on the CLASS Act I referred to, the Secretary said this:       In fact, one of the main reasons we decided not to go ahead      with CLASS at this point is that we know no one would be hurt      more if CLASS started and failed than the people who had paid      into it and were counting on it the most. We can't let that      happen.  Of course, they could have opposed the inclusion of the legislation and told the disability community the exact same thing back in 2009. Apparently, the administration is trying to tell the disability community that even though HHS can't implement the statute, they don't want to repeal it. Nicholas Pappas, a White House spokesman, said:       We do not support repeal. Repealing the CLASS Act isn't      necessary or productive. What we should be doing is working      together to address the long-term care challenges we face in      this country.  After putting the political value of the savings ahead of the doomed policy, the administration finally admitted the CLASS Act was a failure. They apologized to the disability community. They said they don't support repeal of the CLASS Act.  After years of dodging reality, it is time for the President and the majority party to treat the disability community respectfully and honestly. If the President believes the CLASS Act can and should be saved, he should put revisions on the table much as he threatened to in early 2010 but never managed to.  Congress should weigh repeal of the CLASS Act against revisions that could be proposed to make it a legitimate program. We should do so with a full score--meaning from CBO--and in the context of our current fiscal climate with all our cards on the table, not the stealthy way it was handled in 2009. We should have a healthy and open debate.  The insipid strategy of passing something into law with a wink and a nod toward making it all better in the future is unacceptable and disrespectful to the disability community purported to be served by the legislation.  Our course is clear. For those of us who care about the disability policies, the days of ignoring reality must come to an end. We should repeal the CLASS Act and move on to other legislation that gets the job done in a fiscally responsible way.  I yield the remainder of the time.  