 President, the Senate will vote on the nomination of J. Paul Oetken to the U.S. district judge for the Southern District of New York.  Today's vote marks the 28th judicial confirmation this year, and I am pleased we are moving forward with filling another vacancy.  When I became ranking member of the Judiciary Committee earlier this year, the courts had 103 vacancies. I have worked with the chairman and other members of the committee to reduce vacancies by confirming consensus nominees. We have brought the vacancies down now to 89. Based upon media stories and other exaggerated statements that I hear from time to time, you would think the Republicans are blocking every judicial nominee. The record shows something quite different. In total, 60 percent of the President's judicial nominees have been confirmed; 33 percent of the nominees have been confirmed during this Congress.  We continue to achieve great progress in committee as well. Seventy-three percent of the judicial nominees submitted this Congress have been afforded hearings. Only 57 percent of President Bush's nominees had hearings for the comparable time period during his Presidency. We have reported 58 percent of the judicial nominees, compared to only 54 percent of President Bush's nominees. In total, the committee has taken positive action on 62 of the 86 nominees submitted this Congress or 72 percent of those nominees submitted.  I could go on with other statistics which demonstrate our cooperation and positive action, but I think I have made my point. We are moving forward on the consensus nominees. Complaints to the contrary are not supported by the facts.  I would like to say a few words about the nominee we are considering today, a nominee I will vote for.  Mr. Oetken grew up in my State of Iowa and attended the University of Iowa, where he received his bachelor of arts degree with distinction in 1988. Following graduation from Yale Law School in 1991, the nominee spent 3 years clerking. He first clerked for the Seventh Circuit, then the DC Circuit, and finally for Justice Harry A. Blackmun of the Supreme Court of the United States.  After his clerkships Mr. Oetken entered private practice. In 1997, he became an attorney-adviser with the Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel. In 1999, the nominee joined the White House Counsel's Office as associate counsel to then-President Clinton. In 2001, he moved to New York and returned to private practice. In 2004, the nominee joined the legal department of Cablevision Systems Corporation. Currently, he is the senior vice president and associate general counsel at Cablevision.  The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has given Mr. Oetken a unanimous ``qualified'' rating. I support this nomination and congratulate him on his professional accomplishments.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  