 President, today the Senate is expected to confirm four additional judicial nominees. With these votes, we will have confirmed 61 article III nominees this Congress.  I want to note that in the first session of the 112th Congress we have now confirmed more nominees than during the entire 111th Congress. So I think we can declare real progress. Over 72 percent of President Obama's judicial nominees have been confirmed.  Despite this record of confirmations, we continue to hear complaints about the way this President's nominees are being treated. So I point out that in only six sessions of Congress in the last 30 years have more nominees been confirmed in a single session. Furthermore, given the cooperation we have shown, I am disappointed that the Senate majority wants to turn to a controversial nomination next rather than continue on the path of cooperative confirmations.  The Senate majority leader has scheduled a cloture vote for tomorrow on the nomination of Caitlin Halligan to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia Circuit. I will speak more about the merits of that nomination Tuesday. But I wanted to put that vote in some context.  It seems to me that the scheduling of such a controversial vote in the closing days of a session of Congress is designed to simply heat up the partisanship of judicial nominations. Perhaps that is the objective. The result may well be that such a divisive vote might have a chilling effect on reaching agreement on additional judicial nomination votes. I hope that is not the case. But everyone knows the final weeks of a session are often filled with unpredictable actions and outcomes.  With regard to the vote tomorrow, there will be some who say this nomination has been vacant for too long and that this nominee is being treated unfairly, needlessly waiting on the calendar for too many weeks. Well, such arguments fail to consider the history of this particular seat of the DC Circuit and of the record established by my colleagues on the other side regarding the consideration of nominations for this very same DC Circuit.  This seat has been vacant for over 6 years. It became vacant upon the elevation of John Roberts as Chief Justice. That was back in September 2005. Following Justice Robert's appointment, Peter Keisler was nominated to fill the vacancy in June 2006, with a hearing held August 1, 2006.  With a Republican majority in the 109th Congress, one would wonder why he never made it out of committee. Well, it is not that he did not have the votes in committee. The fact is, the Democratic minority would not allow a vote. This was accomplished by holding him over at his first markup, which the rules permit and is a legitimate exercise of the right of a minority and a right that this minority on our side exercised quite frequently this very year.  However, for the remaining executive sessions in September of that year, prior to final adjournment they either made sure the committee did not have a quorum so we could not vote or they took the extraordinary step of invoking the 2-hour rule so the committee could not meet. I note that a quorum was present early in one meeting but evaporated when Mr. Keisler's nomination was the pending business. So basically the opponents ran out the clock on this nomination. He did not get a committee vote. He did not get the courtesy of floor consideration, not even a cloture vote like the nominee tomorrow will have.  Mr. Keisler was renominated in June 2007 when the Democrats assumed control of the Senate. But his nomination sat in committee with no action until it was returned to the President in January 2009. He was the recipient of a pocket filibuster. This was despite being rated ``unanimously well qualified'' by the ABA Standing Committee of the Federal judiciary and possessing outstanding qualifications to fill this position. So complaints about this seat being vacant for too long just ring hollow with this Senator.  Likewise, when one considers the treatment of previous nominees to the DC Circuit, it is evident that the nomination of Ms. Halligan is not being treated in an unfair manner. In fact, her nomination is proceeding far better than many nominated to this court. I would remind my colleagues that previous nominees were subjected to delay or multiple hearings, to extensive delays in committee, and to multiple filibusters on the Senate floor.  These include the nomination of Estrada, a Hispanic immigrant with a compelling personal story and outstanding judicial qualifications, who was subject to seven cloture votes; Janice Brown, an African-American female who had two cloture votes; Brett Kavanaugh; and Thomas Griffin. While all of these individuals were eventually confirmed, the procedural tactics used in their nominations made the confirmations very difficult.  I am not suggesting this is a pattern to follow, but it is relevant to the arguments that Ms. Halligan is being treated quite differently or in an unfair manner than other nominees.  With regard to the nomination before us today, I will say a few words about, first, Mr. Ramos, who is nominated to be U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of New York. Mr. Ramos earned a BA from Yale in 1982; JD Harvard, 1987. Upon graduation from law school, Mr. Ramos worked as an associate at the law firm of Simpson, Thatcher & Bartlett in New York City.  In 1992, Mr. Ramos joined the Office of the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, where he prosecuted a variety of Federal crimes, including white-collar crime, defense contractor fraud, money laundering, narcotics trafficking, labor racketeering, and violation of the Arms Export Control Act. In June 2000, he waspromoted to Deputy Chief of the Narcotics Section, where he supervised assistant U.S. attorneys prosecuting international narcotics trafficking and racketeering cases.  In 2002, the nominee joined the law firm of Day, Berry & Howard LLP, predecessor to the firm Day Pitney LLP, as a partner in the government investigations practice group. Currently, he represents corporations and individuals in connection with criminal and regulatory investigations involving antitrust, bank fraud, public corruption, securities fraud, and government program fraud.  The American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has rated Mr. Ramos with a unanimous ``well qualified'' rating.  We are also considering the nomination of Judge Andrew L. Carter to be U.S. District judge, Southern District of New York. Judge Carter earned his B.A. from the University of Texas in 1991 and his J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1994.  Judge Carter's legal career began in 1996 as a staff attorney for the criminal defense division, Legal Aid Society, in New York, NY. In 2000, he became staff attorney for the Federal defenders division. The nominee became affiliated with the Federal Defenders of New York in 2005, first as staff attorney and, 1 year later, as a supervising attorney. His Federal practice included drug cases, gun cases, and immigration fraud.  In 2009, Judge Carter was appointed to his current position of U.S. magistrate judge for the Eastern District of New York, where he is primarily responsible for handling civil matters.  The American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has rated Judge Carter with a unanimous ``qualified'' rating.  The third nominee we are considering is James Rodney Gilstrap to be a district judge for the Eastern District of Texas, a seat deemed to be a judicial emergency. Mr. Gilstrap received his B.A. from Baylor in 1978 and his J.D. from Baylor University School of Law 1981.  Mr. Gilstrap served as an associate attorney for Abney, Baldwin & Searcy from 1981 to 1984. In 1984, he left to begin his own legal practice, Smith & Gilstrap, where he currently practices representing individuals, corporations, and local governments on civil matters.  From 1989 to 2002, Mr. Gilstrap served as a county judge for Harrison County, where he had both administrative and judicial responsibilities.  The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has rated Mr. Gilstrap with a unanimous ``qualified'' rating.  Then we have the distinguished nominee from Montana, whom Senator Baucus just spoke about, Dana L. Christensen, to be U.S. District Judge for the District of Montana.  Mr. Christensen earned his B.A. from Stanford University in 1973 and his J.D. from the University of Montana School of Law in 1976.  Earlier in his legal career, Mr. Christensen practiced natural resources law, representing coal mining and oil and gas companies in litigation in administrative matters. He went on to practice general insurance defense litigation and medical malpractice cases.  In 1996, he founded his own firm and continues to represent these entities and practices in this area. He has also represented defendants in large class-action lawsuits filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Montana.  In addition to his litigation practices, Mr. Christensen has also represented at least 15 physicians in confidential disciplinary matters before the Montana Board of Medical Examiners. He has also represented health care providers in more than 200 matters before the Montana Medical Legal Panel.  The American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has rated Mr. Christensen with a unanimous ``well qualified'' rating.  I intend to vote for all these candidates. I urge my colleagues to do the same.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  