 President, I come to the floor today to commend Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta for personally focusing top-level attention to what has been a festering problem, and I think it is fair for me to say a festering problem for decades. I am talking about the Defense Department's broken accounting system and lack of financial accountability.  Secretary Panetta has grabbed the bull by the horns and told the military services to get on the stick and move out smartly. He wants them to fix the problem now, not later. Secretary Panetta's bold initiative is laid out in a Department-wide memorandum dated October 11 this year. In this document, he calls for an all-hands-on-deck priority effort to accelerate plans to create a modern, fully integrated finance and accounting system. Such a system, if it ever comes to be, would be designed to generate reliable, accurate, and complete financial information. Such a system should be capable of producing credible financial statements that can earn clean opinions from independent auditors. If that happens, the Department will achieve what is called full audit readiness. But now I want to warn Secretary Panetta about what has happened to so many well-intentioned Secretaries of Defense. That could be a big ``if.''  Under the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990, all government agencies were supposed to reach full audit readiness 15 years ago. As I understand it, the Defense Department is now the only delinquent agency. After the passage of so much time, how is it, then, that the Pentagon cannot provide an accurate accounting of all the money it spends? Doing it is a constitutional responsibility. Not doing it is unacceptable. Why are the military services dragging their feet as they are? What is the problem? Are all of the petty fiefdoms entrenched in Pentagon bureaucracy causing the problem? Is it because they do not want to surrender control of the money to a centralized financial authority?  This is a festering problem Secretary Panetta has tackled. As a former chairman of the House Budget Committee and Director of the Office of Management and Budget, he has the necessary knowledge and the necessary experience to get this job done.  The magic date for achieving full audit readiness at Defense was set in concrete 2 years ago. Unfortunately, this goal has a long and elusive history, and that long and elusive history is best characterized by relentless slippage. It is a rolling target date, and most experts believe the 2017 deadline is unattainable.  I am sure our tax-paying public doesn't understand why the Federal Government wouldn't have the best accounting system in the world, but they don't, particularly in the Defense Department.  Under Secretary Panetta's leadership, I hope all the slippage comes to a screeching halt and all the bureaucratic roadblocks are torn down. He has definitely turned up the heat and turned up the pressure. He has drawn a line in the sand. He wants to see results and see results now. He is calling for a revised plan for achieving audit readiness. It is due on his desk December 13. So Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard, and everybody else--well, the Coast Guard is not involved but everybody else--get on the stick because that is next week. He has set a near-term goal. He wants the Department to produce partial financial statements by 2014.  As a first step, Secretary Panetta has called for the production of statements of budgetary resources by 2014. A statement of budgetary resources is just one component of a financial statement, but it represents a big important chunk of the whole. If credible statements of budgetary resources can be produced 3 years ahead of schedule, then maybe the full audit readiness by 2017 is, indeed, possible.  I also understand that Secretary Panetta's near-term goal is being incorporated in legislation working its way through Congress right now. That should help to move the ball further down the field.  Secretary Panetta's decision to set a preliminary goal of 2014 will be a good gauge--a good test--of what is and is not possible. Can the Defense Department achieve full audit readiness by 2017? We won't have to wait 6 years to find that out under the process Secretary Panetta is instituting. If problems surface early on, we in Congress can help the Department take corrective action to keep this effort on track and moving in the right direction.  A willingness and a commitment on the part of the Secretary of Defense to take on this problem goes way beyond the production of credible financial statements required by the Chief Financial Officers Act of the late 1970s. Itgoes right to the heart of a much larger constitutional issue; that is, whether the Department of Defense is going to be held accountable.  The Department must be able to provide a full and accurate accounting of all the money it spends. Under article I, section 9 of the Constitution, such an accounting must be published from time to time. The taxpayers expect and deserve nothing less than that. Today, DOD can't do that. The status quo is unacceptable.  While I began conducting oversight of the Defense Department financial management issues more than 20 years ago, I did not come to fully appreciate the true understanding of the root cause issue until 3 years ago.  After receiving a series of anonymous letters alleging misconduct and mismanagement within the inspector general's audit office, I initiated an in-depth oversight review of audit reporting. Early on in the review, there was a startling revelation: One all-important, central element was adversely affecting every facet of the inspector general's audit effort, and that was the Department's broken accounting system. This dysfunctional system is driving the audit freight train. The success or failure of an audit turns on the quality of the financial data available for audit by competent examiners. The record clearly shows the quality of financial data presented for audit by the Department should be rated poor--or maybe I ought to say even worse than poor. This is what I call the ``no audit trail'' scenario. It is frequently encountered by auditors trying to examine Department of Defense books of account. That is the exact problem Secretary Panetta is attempting to address.  All my audit oversight work tells me that fixing the accounting machinery is the first step to audit readiness. Once a modern, fully integrated system is up and running, it should be a simple matter of punching the right computer buttons and credible financial statements will roll off of the printer. Doing routine oversight audits should be a piece of cake. Today's labor-intensive and time-consuming audit trail reconstruction work which auditors now endure in the absence of reliable accounting records will be a thing of the past. Most importantly, effective internal controls will be in place to protect the taxpayers' money against fraud, theft, and waste.  What I am saying to my colleagues is this: Secretary Panetta is on the right track. He is trying to take us to a place where we need to go and go soon. I want to help him lead us there, so I am here today to encourage and support this courageous effort to clean up the books. I admire and respect his personal commitment to such a noble cause.  I am also here to reinforce the words of encouragement contained in a letter that my friend from Oklahoma, Dr. Coburn, and I penned to Secretary Panetta on November 17. We, being Senator Coburn and I, want to work with him to achieve this most worthy goal. And in the process of these remarks to the Senate, I hope other Members of the Senate, particularly those who are on the Armed Services Committee, will also give Secretary Panetta encouraging words of support and thanks.  I yield the floor.  