 President, I have been a long-time supporter of free trade. I believe it is always a good thing when American businesses, manufacturers, and farmers have more market access for their products.  I have also been a longtime supporter of specific free trade agreements that are waiting to be acted on by the Congress: the South Korea, Colombia, and Panama agreements. We have had too many years of talking about being long-time supporters of free trade agreements. Yet we have not had an opportunity to back up our talk with votes because we can't vote until the President presents them to Congress.  The time to present these free trade agreements is long overdue. The administration needs to stop moving the goal posts every time we are about to kick the ball through.  Take the Panama agreement as an example. The United States and Panama reached an agreement in principle in December of 2006. However, congressional Democrats expressed concern regarding certain labor issues that existed in Panama at the time. The Bush administration negotiated a deal with the congressional Democrats who had newly taken over the Congress in an agreement that was announced on May 10, 2007. As a result, then-President Bush addressed the labor issues in the trade agreement that the United States signed with Panama in late June of 2007.  If there were a big news conference on May 10, 2007 that there has been an agreement reached, wouldn't one think these agreements would be passed by now? Not so 4 years later.  Despite the fact that the demands made by congressional Democrats were incorporated in the signed trade deal, congressional Democrats would not allow a vote on the agreement. Instead, they moved the goal posts by demanding more changes be made by the Panamanian Government.  After President Obama took office, the trade issue was sidelined. Along with others, I made a case that trade agreements needed to be a part of America's economic recovery effort. I got an opportunity to make the case directly to the President in December of 2009. Then in January 2010, the President said in a message to Congress that he wanted to double exports within the next 5 years. That is a very worthy goal.  Well, it is pretty hard to double exports and help employers create jobs while ignoring these trade agreements. Supporters of free trade and the jobs supported by trade average about 15 percent above the national average. We are talking about good jobs, so there are reasons to keep the pressure on.  Finally, after many months of waiting, the trade ambassador went back to work to get the Panamanian Government to agree to meet the additional demands set out by congressional Democrats in the Obama administration. The ambassador also set out to gain further commitment from South Korea and Colombia.  The Panamanian Government has addressed the additional demands by making the necessary amendments to their laws. The additional concerns the administration had with the South Korean and Colombian deals were addressed as well. Earlier this May, Ambassador Kirk indicated all three trade agreements were ready for Congress to consider. But the Obama administration decided to move the goal posts once again. Instead of moving these agreements forward for swift approval to help the economy move along and the swift approval which I believe they will receive when they get a vote, the administration now has another requirement: approval of trade adjustment assistance.  While U.S. manufacturers and businesses and farmers risk losing more and more market share in these countries, Democrats keep coming up with reasons for holding up these trade agreements by moving the goal posts. There is simply no reason to keep on moving the goal posts. The administration has said these three trade agreements are ready. One of the best things we can do right now for U.S. businesses, farmers, and workers is to implement these trade agreements which will give a much-needed boost to our economy.  I am not suggesting we do nothing on trade adjustment assistance, because I support that 40-year-old program, but reaching an agreement on that program should not be used as another excuse for moving the goal posts. All three of the pending trade agreements need to be sent to Congress without further delay.  I yield back the remainder of my time, and I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sanders). The Senator from Oregon.  