'' He also acknowledged in a meeting with me that the key factual findings in the staff report were correct. He said he did not intentionally provide false information, and he has apologized.  I am sure he sincerely regrets the way he handled the questions, especially since it has led to the difficulty in his confirmation process and probably, if we had had that letter as we asked for late last year, he would have been confirmed at that particular time.  Now after my meeting with him this year, I accepted his apology about the false or ``inaccurate'' statements. I agreed to proceed to the nomination with a 60-vote margin required for confirmation. The majority leader did not agree with that, so he decided to invoke cloture instead.  I will oppose cloture because I am still opposed to the nomination. My opposition was always based on more than one or two false statements. Lack of candor is broader than whether a particular statement is technically true. It includes his failure to be forthcoming and responsive to those questions that were asked on June 17, 2009. His evasiveness caused House and Senate staff to spend much more time and resources uncovering the truth.  If he had just answered a few simple factual questions, that would not have been necessary. For example, in relation to the 1-hour ultimatum, he refused to answer specific questions about his June 10, 2009, conversation with Mr. Walpin. He would only say that he disagreed with certain aspects of Mr. Walpin's account without specifying which aspects.  Word games and evasiveness of that sort are incompatible with being a candid and forthcoming witness and ought to be incompatible with a person representing the United States as an ambassador. My reasons for opposing his nomination also include all of the other circumstances surrounding the way Mr. Eisen handled Mr. Walpin's removal.  Mr. Eisen's attempt to force the inspector general to resign with a 1-hour ultimatum would have amounted to a constructive removal. It would have evaded the congressional notice requirement if he had been successful. However, Inspector General Walpin refused to resign and even filed lawsuits to try to keep his position. He did not win his lawsuit because ultimately the White House did comply with the technical requirements of the 30-day notice provision.  After the controversy erupted, the inspector general was placed on administrative leave until 30 days after the second more detailed notice to Congress.  That is why Walpin lost his lawsuit, but that does not change the nature and the fact that Norm Eisen attempted to evade the statute.  He tried to force a quiet resignation and thus remove the inspector general from office without the 30-day notice to Congress the law requires.  Because Inspector General Walpin did not yield to the pressure, no court had a chance to rule on whether that would be appropriate.  I am also opposed to this nomination because of the way the White House decided to avoid these issues last year with a recess appointment. Senate confirmation, under the advice and consent clause, is one of the strongest checks on executive branch power.  Recess appointments are meant to fill vacancies that arise during a long recess, not to bypass the confirmation process. This vacancy arose on January 20, 2009. Yet the President waited 18 months before making an appointment.  There had already been a lot of controversy over Mr. Eisen's actions at the time of his appointment. The White House should have known there would be issues with his confirmation. Rather than listening to my concerns, the White House decided to bypass Congress. President Obama rewarded Mr. Eisen by using a recess appointment to install him as Acting U.S. Ambassador to the Czech Republic.  Mr. Eisen had several opportunities to address my concerns last year. He was scheduled to meet with my staff on December 16, 2010, at 11:30 a.m., and at approximately 11:15 a.m., the White House postponed the meeting until 2:15 p.m. At approximately 2 p.m., the meeting was canceled by the White House Office of Legislative Affairs without further explanation.  By calling off a face-to-face meeting in favor of a recess appointment, the White House sent the message that the President is not interested in hearing the concerns of Republican Members of Congress.  Once he had his recess appointment, Mr. Eisen did not seek to meet with me or my staff again until that appointment was about to expire at the end of this year. Only then did he apologize and admit that the statements in his staff interview were not accurate. Remember, our President, at the time of his inauguration, made a commitment to be the most transparent of any administration in our history.  In summary, Mr. Eisen took action on behalf of the President that ran afoul of the Inspector General Reform Act. Mr. Eisen only listened to the agency's complaints about the inspector general rather than conducting a fair, thorough, and responsible investigation, and then he misled congressional investigators about his review and about the true basis of the President's decision to fire the inspector general. He admitted in this letter to me that he provided inaccurate information but claimed it was unintentional.  This is the second time in the last 2 months an official from the Obama administration has done that. The Deputy Attorney General just withdrew a letter sent to me on Operation Fast and Furious earlier this year because of its ``inaccuracies.''  I am afraid there is a pattern developing with this administration about not leveling with Congress in its constitutional responsibility of oversight. When we ask for information from the executive branch, we expect honest, forthcoming, and truthful answers. We can disagree on policy; we are all entitled to our opinion, but we are not entitled to our own facts. Getting the facts straight should not be akin to pulling teeth. We need to send a signal that congressional oversight matters and there are consequences in misleading Congress.  It should come as no surprise to anybody that doing our constitutional job of oversight is very important to this Senate. I know Ambassador Eisen recognizes that. I got that very clearly from him in our last meeting in October.  I don't like interference by people in either a Republican or Democratic administration who don't cooperate with my investigations, and I will bet every Senator will say that. Therefore, for the reasons I just gave, I ask my colleagues to oppose cloture and oppose this nomination.  I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of the time on this side.  