 860 is a good government amendment for which I hope we can get broad support. There are special interests in Washington making the rounds opposing this amendment. These groups have argued this amendment will unduly burden the Justice Department, take away grant money for worthy causes or erroneously ban grantees from future funds. These special interests are trying to protect their income streams ofFederal grants and don't want somebody looking over their shoulder to make sure they are spending taxpayer dollars wisely.  This amendment is a response to the lack of oversight, accountability, and responsibility for how American taxpayer dollars are spent by grant recipients. It is a response to my work in the Judiciary Committee, uncovering fraud, misappropriation of funds, offshore bank accounts by nonprofit organizations.  Can you understand that? Nonprofit organizations in America have offshore bank accounts, and many other shenanigans are occurring in grant programs administered by the Justice Department.  To fix this, my amendment includes an accountability and fraud prevention package for grants administered by the Department of Justice. I am glad to report the National Taxpayers Union, an independent nonpartisan advocate for taxpayers, supports the amendment.  For the last decade the inspector general has continuously labeled grant management at the Department of Justice a top management and performance challenge. That is from the inspector general. Despite the large sums of money the Department provides the grantees, the inspector general has repeatedly found inadequate controls on spending, inadequate oversight, and a general failure to ensure that taxpayer dollars are spent by grantees in accordance with the programs.  Each year, the inspector general audits only a small fraction of grants awarded by the Department. In fact, last year the inspector general audited 21 grant recipients. Keep the figure 21 in mind. The inspector general questioned more than one-quarter of all the taxpayer dollars these grantees received. These questioned costs occurred on a random selection of grantees and represent less than 1 percent of the total grant recipients. So we only audit--go over 1 percent, but of that 1 percent, 25 percent of them were found to have a waste of taxpayers' money or not proper accounting.  Perhaps the most concerning part of these audits is that they are randomly selected. If the inspector general's random selection of grantees universally uncovers unauthorized errors, then we can see why we have a much larger problem. If the findings of the audit from 2011 were extrapolated through all the grants, that would mean nearly $500 million in questionable costs annually.  My amendment requires the inspector general to audit 10 percent of the grants. It also requires the Attorney General to ban grantees for 2 years if they are found to have serious problems that have gone unremedied for longer than 6 months after the inspector general makes a negative finding. By requiring this remedy within 6 months, it ensures there is enough time to fix inadvertent mistakes but also ensures that truly bad actors are taken off the government rolls.  My amendment also requires the AG to reimburse the Federal Treasury from the Justice Department budget if funds are given to an excluded entity and then requires the Department to recoup lost grant money from those grantees. It also includes a limitation on conference spending at the Department. Just a few weeks ago, the inspector general issued an audit on conference spending at the Department.  We all heard about this audit, which revealed $16 muffins, the $32 Cracker Jack snacks, $5 cans of cola, the beef wellington appetizers, and other abuse of the money of the taxpayers by the Justice Department. What we have not heard is how, by this administration, spending at the Justice Department increased from $47 million in fiscal year 2008 to 1 year later $73 million and now 2 years later $91 million. Despite the biggest Federal deficit in history, the Justice Department, under this administration, has doubled spending on conferences in just 2 years. This is unacceptable, and it is why my amendment requires the Deputy Attorney General to sign off on all conference spending.  My amendment would prohibit the Attorney General from providing any grant to a nonprofit charity that holds money in offshore bank accounts for the purpose of evading Federal taxes. If it is nonprofit, one would think they would be using their money for nonprofit purposes.  This provision was the result of an investigation I conducted into the Boys and Girls Club of America, the national umbrella organization for thousands of local clubs. In response to my inquiry, the Boys and Girls Club of America admitted that, despite closing hundreds of clubs nationwide, it held nearly $222 million in investment, of which $54 million was in offshore investments and another $54 million in partnerships. When asked why this money was held offshore, I was told it was held to `` . . . avoid issues with unrelated Business Income Tax generated by hedge funds that use leverage.''  I support the mission of the Boys and Girls Clubs, truly I do. It is true nothing they did was illegal. However, given our current fiscal crisis, I cannot support Federal tax dollars being awarded as grants to those who hold millions of dollars offshore--I should say tens of millions of dollars offshore.  Finally, I will note that my amendment includes a 25-percent matching requirement for grantees, as I heard the special interest lobbyists have been calling and sending panicked messages to many Members in the Senate opposing the matching requirement, arguing it would shut off Federal money to many grantees.  This provision mirrors one recently included at a Judiciary Committee markup supported by all Judiciary Committee Democrats and some Republicans. Matching requirements are often required by grant programs that virtually all members have supported. The Government Accountability Office even reported in a 2006 report on grant management that to strengthen grant management, Congress should ``ensure mechanisms are of sufficient value'' when implementing grants. This is GAO speak for including a matching requirement so grantees are financially involved, not simply spending Federal taxpayer dollars.  That said, I wanted to modify my amendment and strike this provision. However, I understand people on the other side of the aisle objected to that request so it would be easier to defeat my amendment. Remember, this is an amendment Republicans and Democrats accepted in the Judiciary Committee. This is big money at stake with Federal grants. Talk about special interests, the special interests have spoken. Those who oppose my amendment oppose holding grantees accountable for how they spend taxpayer dollars. Those who oppose my amendment are supporting giving nonprofit charities with money in offshore bank accounts taxpayer dollars. It will be interesting to see who opposes this provision, especially given the fact that everyone should oppose giving taxpayer dollars to those who hold money offshore.  My amendment is a commonsense way to ensure that taxpayer dollars are protected. It is something we should have done long ago. I encourage all my colleagues to join me and send a signal that waste, fraud, and abuse of taxpayer dollars has no place in a Federal grant programs at the Department of Justice. That would include all of them but particularly to organizations that hold money offshore to avoid taxes.  I yield the floor.  