 President, today, the Senate will confirm two more of President Obama's judicial nominees. I continue to work with the chairman of the committee to ensure nominees are afforded a fair but thorough process and in a timely manner.  Today's vote marks the 19th nominee to be confirmed in just 42 days the Senate has been in session this Congress. The Judiciary Committee is holding a nominations hearing on Wednesday. On Thursday we will report additional judicial and executive nominees to the floor. Thus far we have taken positive action on 43 of 63 nominees submitted this Congress, or 68 percent of all nominees.  Let me repeat that, because I am going to say something that makes it very disgusting to me, some things that are coming out of the White House. Thus far we have taken positive action on 43 of 63 nominees submitted to this Congress, or 68 percent of the nominees. With this progress, I was then surprised at the recent remarks of the White House Counsel before the American Bar Association members this past April 14.  This counsel addressed the group and complained about the pace of judicial appointments. He encouraged the group to escalate the general sense of urgency regarding judicial appointments. Press reports indicate that he asked them to play a larger role to ``bring home the impact or the effects of gridlock.''  So, Mr. President, not only do I think these remarks are unjustified, given the pace of confirmations this year--and that is the 68 percent I have referred to--but they also reflect a failure on the part of the White House Counsel to acknowledge where the problem begins. It begins with the President of the United States and his staff--the White House Counsel particularly.  This brings me to the point: If we are acting so slowly, why has the President failed to send to the Senate a nomination for 55 percent of the current judicial vacancies? This statistic certainly does not indicate any sense of urgency on the part of the White House, and it brings further attention to the intellectual dishonesty of the White House in its speech to the ABA members that we are not acting fast enough on the Hill.  Well, having said that, I want to say a few words about the two nominees we are going to be voting on today. Roy Dalton, Jr. is nominated to be U.S. District Court judge for the Middle District of Florida. Mr. Dalton receivedhis BA with high honors and his JD from the University of Florida.  Following law school, he joined the firm of Dean, Ringers, Morgan & Lawton as an associate where he later became a principal of the firm.  In 1982, the nominee founded his first law firm, Roy B. Dalton, Jr., P.A. He would later form other practices where he would serve as a principal. In 1999 he began working as ``of counsel'' for the firm Gray, Harris & Robinson, where his practice area grew to include civil litigation, government relations, appellate practice, and business practice for individuals. As a former Senate staffer, Mr. Dalton spent most of 2005 serving as counsel to his former legal partner and U.S. Senator, Mel Martinez. Mr. Dalton has also practiced in appellate matters as ``of counsel'' for the Carlyle appellate law firm, a post he has held since 2004. The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary gave him the rating of: substantial majority ``Well Qualified''; minority ``Qualified.'' I am pleased to support Mr. Dalton today.  I also rise in support of Kevin Sharp to be U.S. District Court Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee. Mr. Sharp enlisted in the U.S. Navy following high school and received an honorable discharge in 1986. The nominee received his B.S. from Christian Brothers College and a J.D. from Vanderbilt University School of Law. He began his legal career as an associate with the firm of Stokes & Bartholomew. After a yearlong stint working as an attorney for the U.S. Congressional Office of Compliance, Mr. Sharp returned to Stokes, Bartholomew, Evans & Petree, eventually making partner. Since 2003, he has been a shareholder and partner at Drescher & Sharp, where he has focused his legal practice on employment, labor, and disability law. The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has rated him ``Qualified'' and I urge my colleagues to support this nominee.  I note that the vacancy Mr. Sharp will fill was created by the retirement of Judge Echols in March of 2007. A few months later, on June 13, 2007, President Bush nominated Gus Puryear to fill the vacancy. Mr. Puryear waited 8 months before he had a hearing. That was the last action the committee took on the nomination. His nomination languished in committee for another 10 months before being returned to the President in January 2009, at the end of President Bush's term. It is both unfortunate and unnecessary that this seat has remained vacant for so long.  I congratulate each of these men for their achievements and commend them for the public service they have given and that they will provide to the people of this country, and particularly to their respective States in the future.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  