 I have been investigating Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms' Operation Fast and Furious for almost 11 months now. It is past time for accountability at the senior levels of the Justice Department. That accountability needs to start with the head of the criminal division, Lanny Breuer. I believe it is time for him to go, and I wish to explain why I have come to that conclusion.  The Justice Department denied, in a letter to me on February 4, 2011, that ATF had ever walked guns. Mr. Breuer had been consulted in the drafting of that erroneous letter of February 4, this year.  On May 2, 2011, rather than acknowledging the increasingly obvious facts and apologizing for its February letter, the Justice Department reiterated its denial on May 2, this year, the same denial of February 4th.  Thus, when the Justice Department revealed on October 31 of this year thatBreuer had known as far back as April 2010 about gunwalking at ATF, I was astounded. That was a shocking revelation.  The controversy about gunwalking in Fast and Furious has been escalating steadily for 10 months now. The Justice Department had publicly denied to Congress that ATF would ever walk guns. Yet, the head of the criminal division, Mr. Breuer, knew otherwise and said nothing. He knew the same field division was responsible for walking guns in a 2006-2007 case, and that case was called Wide Receiver.  But the real shock was how Mr. Breuer had responded within his own department when that earlier gunwalking was first brought to his attention in April 2010. He didn't tell the Attorney General. He didn't tell the Attorney General's Chief of Staff. He didn't tell the Deputy Attorney General. He didn't tell the inspector general. Instead, he simply told his deputies to meet with ATF leadership and inform them of the gunwalking:       . . . so they know the bad stuff that could come out.  Later, his deputy outlined a strategy to:       . . . announce the case without highlighting the negative      part of the story and risking embarrassing ATF.  Think about that. In that case, saving face was more important than the bad policy.  For 18 months, the embarrassing truth about ATF gunwalking in Wide Receiver and Breuer's knowledge of it was successfully hidden. It only came out because of the congressional investigation into gunwalking in Fast and Furious.  The public outrage over Fast and Furious comes from the average American who cannot understand why their very own government would intentionally allow criminals to illegally buy weapons for trafficking into Mexico.  Next week, it will be 1 year since Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry was murdered by bandits armed with guns as a direct result of this policy of letting guns walk. The Terry family, and all Americans who sympathize with their loss, are rightfully outraged and astonished at their very own government doing such a thing. Yet, when Mr. Breuer learned of a case where ATF walked guns in a very similar way, all he did was give ATF a heads up. There seems to be a vast gulf between what outrages the American people and what outrages Lanny Breuer.  Mr. Breuer showed a complete lack of judgment by failing to object to the gunwalking that he knew about in April 2010, 9 months before I was ever aware of Fast and Furious. If Mr. Breuer had reacted to gunwalking in Wide Receiver the way most Americans reacted to gunwalking in Fast and Furious, he would have taken steps to stop it and hold accountable everyone involved. Consequently, Fast and Furious might have been stopped in its tracks and Brian Terry might be alive.  When Mr. Breuer came before the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism the day after those revelations, I gave him a chance to explain himself. I listened to what he had to say. He told us that he:       . . . thought that . . . dealing with the leadership of ATF      was sufficient and reasonable.  Clearly, it was not sufficient. Mr. Breuer even admitted as much, saying:       I regret that I did not alert others within the leadership      of the Department of Justice to the tactics used in Operation      Wide Receiver when they first came to my attention.  He regrets not bringing gunwalking in Wide Receiver to the attention of the Attorney General. But what about bringing it to the attention of Congress? He didn't even step forward to express his regret until e-mails that detailed his knowledge were about to be produced under congressional subpoena.  It is astounding then that it took the public controversy over Fast and Furious to help the chief of the criminal division realize that walking guns is unacceptable. Yet he had had 9 months after the February 4 letter to step forward, correct the record, and come clean with the American public. He had 18 months, after learning of gunwalking in Wide Receiver, to put a stop to it and hold people accountable. He failed to do so.  During his testimony, I asked him pointblank if he reviewed that letter of February 4 before it was sent to me. His misleading answers to these questions formed the basis for my second reason for calling on Mr. Breuer to resign. He responded that he could not say for sure but suggested that he did not review the letter. He said, ``[A]t that time, I was in Mexico dealing with the very real issues that we are all so committed to.''  Last Friday, the Justice Department withdrew their February 4 letter to me because of its inaccuracies--and the word ``inaccuracy'' is their word. The Department also turned over documents under subpoena about who participated in the drafting and the reviewing of the letter. One can imagine my surprise when I discovered from documents provided Friday night that Mr. Breuer was far more informed during the drafting of that letter than he admitted before the Judiciary Committee. In fact, Mr. Breuer got frequent updates on the status of the letter while he was in Mexico.  He was sent versions of the letter four times. Two versions were e-mailed to Mr. Breuer on February 4, after he returned from Mexico, including the version of the letter that was ultimately sent to me that day. At that time, he forwarded the letter to his personal e-mail account. Mr. Breuer's Deputy also sent him two drafts of the letter while he was in Mexico, and he also forwarded one of those to his personal e-mail account. We do not know whether he did that in order to access it on a larger screen than the Government-issued BlackBerry or whether he engaged in any further discussion about the letter in his nongovernment e-mail account. However, we do know, in response to the draft received in Mexico, he wrote to one of the main drafters of the letter: ``As usual, great work.''  The Justice Department excluded Breuer's compliment about the context of the draft from the set of e-mails it released to the press on Friday, before they released those documents to this Senator.  That evening, Mr. Breuer submitted answers to written questions. He wrote:       I have no recollection of having [seen the letter] and,      given that I was on official travel that week and given the      scope of my duties as Assistant Attorney General, I think it      is exceedingly unlikely that I did so.  So as late as last Friday night, Mr. Breuer was still trying to minimize his role in reviewing the letter, despite all the evidence to the contrary. Why would Mr. Breuer say ``great work'' to a staffer about a letter he claimed he had not read?  It is not credible that someone such as Mr. Breuer would forget about his involvement in a matter such as this. Mr. Breuer's failure to be candid and forthcoming before this body irreparably harms his credibility. His complete lack of judgment and failure to deal with gunwalking when he first learned of it in April 2010 was bad enough, but this is the final straw. Mr. Breuer has lost my confidence in his ability to effectively serve the Justice Department. If he cannot be straight with the Congress, he doesn't need to be running the Criminal Division. It is time to stop spinning and start taking responsibility.  I have long said the highest ranking individual who knew about gunwalking and Operation Fast and Furious needs to be held accountable. That standard applies no less to officials who knew about gunwalking in Operation Wide Receiver. Gunwalking is unacceptable no matter when it occurred. Documents made clear that Assistant Attorney General Breuer was the highest ranking official in the Justice Department who knew about gunwalking in Operation Wide Receiver. He did nothing to correct the problem, alert others to the issue, take responsibility or even admit what he knew until he was forced to do so by the evidence. Therefore, I believe the Attorney General needs to ask for Mr. Breuer's resignation or remove him from office if he refuses. If Mr. Breuer wants to do the honorable thing, he would resign.  I am not somebody who flippantly calls for resignations. I have done oversight for many years, and in all that time I don't ever remember coming across a government official who so blatantly placed sparing the agency embarrassment over protecting the lives of citizens. He has failed to do his job of ensuring that the government operates properly, including holding people accountable.  Because of that, Mr. Breuer needs to go immediately. Anything less will show the American people the Justice Department is not serious about being honest with Congress in our attempt to get to the bottom of this.  In regard to my attempt to get to the bottom, just last night the Justice Department sent a letter refusing to provide several Justice Department staff for transcribed interviews. The letter explicitly goes back on the assurances I received when I consented to proceed with the confirmation of three senior Justice Department officials, which I had held up to get an agreement to get the information Congress is entitled to.  One of my conditions for agreeing to proceed with those nominations was that officials who agreed to voluntary interviews in this investigation would have either a personal lawyer present or a Department lawyer present but not both. I personally met with the Attorney General, and he had the conditions listed on a piece of paper in front of him. It looked as if he had read it and was familiar with it. Yet he never objected to that condition.  Dozens of witness interviews have been conducted under that understanding with no problem. The only difference is that instead of ATF witnesses, we are now seeking to interview Justice Department witnesses. What is good for the goose is good for the gander. There is no reason to change the rules in the middle of the game. I was relying on the Attorney General and other officials at the Department to honor their agreement. Apparently, that is not going to happen.  Fortunately, Chairman Issa has the ability to require the witnesses to appear via subpoena if they refuse to appear voluntarily under conditions that the Department previously agreed to with me. I am confident he will do that if it becomes necessary, and I will take whatever steps I have to take in the Senate to encourage the Department to reconsider and stick to its original agreement.  I yield the floor.  