 In this session of the Senate, we have confirmed more judicial nominees than in the same time period for any of the previous four Presidents.  I like to keep my colleagues up-to-date with our cooperation and progress on judicial nominees. We continue to process nominees at a fast pace in committee. We held our fourth nominations hearing yesterday and have heard from 17 judicial nominees this year. The Judiciary Committee met this morning and reported an additional district court nominee. We have now reported 23 nominees, nearly 40 percent of the 58 judicial nominations made by President Obama this year. The committee has taken some step forward on 55 percent of the judicial nominees. We have delivered on our promise to move consensus nominees.  Even with our fast pace, the current vacancy rate remains high. But with 94 vacancies in the Federal courts, the President has only put forward 44 nominees for those vacancies. That is 50 vacancies without a nominee. For seats designated judicial emergencies, 57 percent of those vacancies have no nominee.  As I have said in the past, the burden is on the President to nominate consensus individuals for current vacancies. Yet, for the second time, President Obama has sent up a nomination to a seat which is not vacant. I think we can all agree the Senate's time and resources are valuable. My priority continues to be carefully reviewing nominations for vacancies which require our immediate attention.  Today we vote on Amy Berman Jackson, nominated to be a U.S. district judge for the District of Columbia. Ms. Jackson is not the first nominee to be considered for this vacancy. Michael O'Neill, who served as chief counsel and staff director to then-Chairman Specter, was nominated by President Bush to fill this seat in June of 2008. He waited for more than 18 months for a hearing and a vote--neither of which he received. His nomination was returned to the President in January 2009. I am disappointed the Senate did not give Mr. O'Neill the courtesy Ms. Jackson is receiving today.  Ms. Jackson received her A.B., cum laude, from Harvard College and her J.D. from Harvard Law School, cum laude. Upon graduation from law school, she served as a law clerk to the Honorable Harrison L. Winter of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.  Ms. Jackson served as an assistant U.S. attorney before moving into private practice. She has focused on white-collar crime, plaintiffs' work involving multidistrict litigation and civil matters. The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has unanimously rated her as ``well qualified.''  I congratulate the nominee and wish her well in her public service as a U.S. district judge.  