 President, today the Senate will vote on the nomination of Paul Engelmayer to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of New York and Ramona Villagomez Manglona to be Judge for the District Court for the Northern Mariana Islands. The seat to which Mr. Engelmayer is being considered has been deemed a judicial emergency. With this vote, we will have confirmed 29 article III judicial nominees. Eighteen have been for such judicial emergencies. Ms. Manglona's confirmation vote marks the second article IV judicial confirmation this year. I am pleased we are moving forward with filling two more vacancies.  We continue to make great progress in processing President Obama's judicial nominees. As of today, the Senate has confirmed 60 percent of President Obama's nominees since the beginning of his Presidency. That is not including the two Supreme Court Justices nominated by President Obama. As I am sure my colleagues recall, those nominations consumed a considerable amount of time in the committee and on the Senate floor.  During this Congress, the Judiciary Committee has held hearings on more than 72 percent of the President's nominees. Another hearing is scheduled to take place this Wednesday. During the comparable time period for President Bush, only 64 percent of President Bush's nominees had hearings by this time. We have also reported 64 percent of the judicial nominees, compared to only 56 percent of President Bush's nominees.  Let me say just a few words about Mr. Engelmayer and then Judge Manglona. Mr. Engelmayer graduated summa cum laude from Harvard University in 1983. He then graduated magna cum laude from Harvard Law School in 1987. Following law school, the nominee clerked for Judge Patricia Wald on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia and then for Justice Thurgood Marshall of the Supreme Court of the United States.  After his clerkships, Mr. Engelmayer joined the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York as an assistant U.S. attorney. In 1994, he became an assistant to the Solicitor General of the United States. In 2000, the nominee entered private practice with Wilmer Hale and was later named Partner-in-Charge of the New York office.  The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has given Mr. Engelmayer a unanimous ``Well Qualified'' rating. I support this nomination and congratulate him on his professional accomplishments.  Now I have a few words about Judge Manglona. Judge Manglona received her bachelor off arts degree from the University of California at Berkeley in 1990. In 1996, she graduated from the University of New Mexico School of Law. Following law school, the nominee clerked for the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. She then worked in the Attorney General's Office and in 2002, the Governor appointed her attorney general for the Northern Mariana Islands. In 2003, she was appointed to serve as an associate judge for the Northern Mariana Islands Superior Court. During her time on the superior court, she has also served as a judge pro tem on the Guam Superior Court and the Guam Supreme Court.  The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has rated Judge Manglona unanimously ``Qualified.'' I also support this nomination and congratulate her on her professional accomplishments.  I yield the floor.  