 President, today the Senate will confirm two more of President Obama's judicial nominees. With this action, we are filling two seats which have been declared judicial emergencies. I am pleased we are moving forward with these important positions.  I agree with the chairman's recent editorial and remarks he has made that we have an opportunity to turn the page and work together in a spirit of bipartisanship and civility. I do not view it as a productive effort to continue with the finger pointing and the negative back and forth regarding the previous pace or outcome of judicial nominations. Unfortunately, that rhetoric has frequently overshadowed the debate on the qualifications of particular nominees.  I and my Republican colleagues have been very cooperative in taking action on the President's nominees. During this Congress, the President has nominated 50 individuals to the Federal judiciary. This Congress has been in session for approximately 1 month. In this brief time, we have taken positive action, in one form or another, on nearly half of those nominees. With today's votes, we will have confirmed 5 nominees. If this is not cooperation, I do not know what is.  Furthermore, we have seen a high level of bipartisanship with regard to President Obama's confirmed nominees. For President Obama's confirmed district judge nominees, 94 percent of those confirmations were by unanimous votes. Only 59 percent of President Bush's confirmed district court nominees were afforded that same level of bipartisanship. So I think it is fair to say that we are cooperating in a bipartisan manner, and in a deliberate pace.  I am working with the chairman to ensure nominees are afforded a fair but thorough process, in a timely manner. I have appreciated the chairman's courtesy as we have worked together to set schedules and agendas. As we do so, I assure my colleagues that I will not falter on ensuring each nominee is properly and thoroughly evaluated.  We are acting to reduce the judiciary vacancy rate. There are currently 99 vacancies in the Federal courts. However, it is remarkable to me that more than half of those vacancies, 52 seats, have yet to receive a nomination. Furthermore, 25 of the 46 seats deemed to be judicial emergencies do not have nominees. It is unfair to blame Republicans for any delays with these vacancies. It is impossible to fill seats when a nominee has not been named. It is the responsibility of the President to send to the Senate consensus nominees for these positions.  Let me say a few words about the nominees who are scheduled to have votes today. I thank our leadership for the reasonable arrangement that was reached to consider these nominations.  First, Justice James E. Graves has been nominated to be a circuit judge for the Fifth Circuit. He received his B.A. from Millsaps College, his J.D. and an M.P.A. from Syracuse University.  Justice Graves comes to the Federal bench with extensive experience in the legal field. He was a staff attorney for the Central Mississippi Legal Services for 3 years before moving into private practice. Justice Graves also spent time, first as a counsel, then as a chief legal counsel, in the office of the Mississippi attorney general. Justice Graves left the Office of the Attorney General to become director of the Mississippi Department of Human Services' Child Support Enforcement Division.  Justice Graves also has considerable judicial experience. He was appointed to Mississippi Circuit Court judge in 1991 and was re-elected twice. Since 2001, Justice Graves has served on the Mississippi Supreme Court and has authored 151 majority opinions for the court and 92 concurring or dissenting opinions. The American Bar Association Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated him ``Qualified.''  I also rise in support of Judge Edward Davila to be U.S. district judge for the Northern District of California. With today's vote, we will have confirmed 7 of President Obama's nominees to the district courts of California. Judge Davila received his B.A. from California State University, San Diego and his J.D. from University of California's Hastings College of the Law. A majority of the American Bar Association Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary rated him ``Qualified.''  Judge Davila began his career at the Santa Clara County Public Defender before entering private practice. He represented criminal defendants in State and Federal courts. In August 2001, Governor Gray Davis appointed Judge Davila to the Superior Court of California, County of Santa Clara, a trial court of general jurisdiction. Judge Davila was re-elected without opposition twice.  We are making good progress in considering judicial nominations. I am pleased the chairman and I have been able to move forward. We are filling judicial vacancies, with a particular focus on judicial emergencies. We are working in a manner that treats each nominee in a fair manner and permits each Senator to thoroughly review the qualifications of each nominee.  I yield the floor and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  