 President, in a few minutes, the Supreme Court will be addressing four issues in connection with the constitutionality of the Obama health care law. Previously, I spoke about the unconstitutionality of the individual mandate. Today, I wish to discuss the second issue of four: how much of the law must be struck down if the Court finds the individual mandate to be unconstitutional. This legal question is called severability.  When a court rules a law is unconstitutional, it can strike down only those parts it considers unconstitutional. It can strike down the parts that are intertwined with the unconstitutional provision or it can strike down the whole law. Its action will depend upon whether the remainder of the law can function as Congress intended when it passed it.  There are rules governing severability. Normally, when only parts of a law are held to be unconstitutional, only those parts of the law are struck down by the Court. But when a statute's unconstitutional provisions are severed, the whole law falls when Congress would not have passed the constitutional provisions without the unconstitutional ones being in it as well.  It is not enough that some of the remaining provisions are constitutional. The Supreme Court has asked whether the remaining provisions ``would function in a manner consistent with . . . the original legislative bargain.''  The lower courts have reached four different conclusions concerning the health care reform law; first, that the individual mandate can be severed from the rest of the bill; second, that the individual mandate can be severed but only if the law's related provisions that require mandatory issue and community ratings are also severed; third, the opposite position, that the mandate and the related provisions are not severable; and, finally, that the mandate is not severable and that the whole law must fall.  One of my Judiciary Committee colleagues has stated, for the Democrats, ``worst-case scenario, the mandate falls.'' But even the Obama administration does not take that view. The administration argues that if the mandate falls, the guaranteed issue and community rating provisions must also be struck down. The President's administration says health insurance markets will not function if all Americans are not forced to buy health insurance and insurance companies must, nonetheless, insure everyone who seeks coverage at prices that do not reflect their health risk.  If the mandate falls, keeping any of this law would violate the original legislative bargain. I would like to remind my colleagues of that original legislative bargain. The health care law passed because the majority party--in its own partisan way--was going to pass this bill by any means necessary. The individual mandate was very critical to the ability to pass this law and to particularly pass it only by partisan considerations.  We considered an amendment in the Finance Committee that would have granted exemptions from the individual mandate to everybody who asked for that exemption. My good friend, the chairman--and that is Senator Baucus, as we all know--correctly stated: ``The system won't work if this amendment passes.'' He further called it ``an amendment which guts and kills health reform.'' He commented that ``if we are serious about making sure that the Americans have health insurance, we all have to participate. . . .'' So the bill's sponsors knew the whole operation of the law depended upon this very important provision that the Court is now considering on the individual mandate and whether that issue was constitutional.  Let me repeat that. The people promoting this legislation that passed on a partisan vote knew the whole operation of the law depended upon the compulsion of the individual mandate. The legislative bargain also showed this law would not have passed if a single comma had been changed. Congress could not have enacted any part of this law without the individual mandate or any other provision. That situation comes about from the fact that the bill passed the Senate by one vote and individual Senators were able to extract specific provisions that benefited their State in return for agreeing to provide their deciding vote for the bill. I think we all know the outrage that came from the grassroots of America over some of those very special provisions. We also know the American people were disgusted by these deals. But without those arrangements and deals, none of the law would have passed.  Those deals were one of the reasons why the Democrats lost their 60-vote majority in the last election. So when the other body could pass a bill only by accepting the Senate bill, they blocked any amendments that would have changed so much as a comma. Had anything changed, the new 59-vote Senate majority would have prevented passage. The bill was offered on a take-it-or-leave-it basis, all or nothing. If the individual mandate is struck down, then the whole law must fall. Although it is not conclusive, it is certainly relevant that the law does not contain a severability clause. This is one more indication Congress thought the law was a unified whole.  It is simply not reasonable to argue that the law should survive without the mandate. The most important political accomplishment of the law is the additional coverage, not the lower costs we were promised. Without the mandate, coverage under the law evaporates.  Does anyone believe that without the coverage in the law, Congress could have passed the massive Medicaid expansion? Does anyone believe that without the coverage in the law, Congress could have passed the Draconian cuts in Medicare? Does anyone believe that without the coverage in the law, Congress could have passed hundreds of billions of dollars in new taxes? Of course not. It is simply not a legitimate argument that the rest of the bill could have ever stood on its own without the individual mandate enabling additional coverage.  I am pleased the Supreme Court has granted oral arguments devoted to the severability question all by itself. In the past, the Supreme Court has issued very activist severability rulings in which it rewrote a statute in a way Congress never would have passed it.  For instance, it completely rewrote the campaign finance laws in the 1976 Buckley v. Valeo decision in a way that produced an unworkable system that no Member of Congress would have ever voted for. In the Booker case, the Supreme Court rewrote the sentencing laws in a way that produced a very unworkable system that no Member of Congress would have voted for. This time, the Supreme Court should not use the severability doctrine to rewrite the health care law into something Congress never would have passed in the first place. It should strike down the entirety of the law in keeping with the law on this subject. Such a ruling would give us the chance to do what we did not do before: work in a truly bipartisan way to address these issues.  I yield the floor.  