 President, today we in the Senate will confirm Judge Christopher Droney to be U.S. Circuit Judge, Second Circuit. This will be the fifth nominee of President Obama to be confirmed to this circuit, the Second Circuit. In just 3 years, President Obama has matched the number of President Bush's nominees confirmed to the Second Circuit over his entire 8 years in office.  With this vote, the Senate will have confirmed 57 article III judicial nominees during this Congress. This is a great accomplishment considering only six sessions of Congress in the last 30 years have confirmed more judicial nominees. In total, over 71 percent of President Obama's judicial nominees have been confirmed.  The seat to which Judge Droney is nominated has been deemed to be a judicial emergency. This will be the 31st judicial emergency nominee to be confirmed this year. This seat became vacant in July 2009 when Judge Calabresi took senior status. The President first nominated Judge Chatigny to this vacancy. Judge Chatigny is a sitting U.S. district judge in Connecticut. However, after reviewing his record the Senate determined that Judge Chatigny should not be elevated, and his nomination was returned to the White House at the end of the 111th Congress. The President did not renominate Judge Chatigny and instead sent us the nomination of the person we are considering today, Judge Droney.  I raise this bit of history to remind the Senate and those who watch our proceedings of the importance of the role of advice and consent by the Senate, necessary for someone to become a judge. We in the Senate and historically are not here to simply rubberstamp the President's nominees. Even as we give the President's nominees a thorough review, we are doing so in a very reasonable timeframe. During President Bush's administration, circuit nominees were forced to wait on average 247 days for a hearing. President Obama's circuit court nominees have had their hearings on average in just 66 days. The same can be said of President Bush's district court nominees, who waited 120 days compared to only 79 days for President Obama's district court nominees.  In addition, we have reported nominees in a more timely manner. Circuit court nominees have been reported on average in just 113 days compared to 369 days for President Bush's nominees. President Obama's district court nominees have been reported in just 128 days compared to 148 days for President Bush's nominees.  Furthermore, for those who still contend that President Bush's nominees are being treated unfairly, let me point out that we have reported a higher percentage of judicial nominees to the full Senate compared to this point in President Bush's Presidency. Seventy-six percent of President Obama's judicial nominees have been reported to date. At this point in President Bush's Presidency only 71 percent were reported.  Having set the record straight on the work and progress of this committee, I will tell my colleagues why they should vote for Judge Droney to be a circuit judge for the Second Circuit.  Upon graduation from the University of Connecticut School of Law, and that was in 1979, Judge Droney joined the Hartford firm of Day, Berry & Howard and was responsible for civil matters such as personal injury defense, product liability, antitrust and corporate disputes. In 1981, Judge Droney joined the law department of Aetna Life & Casualty for a brief period, working on investment matters.  Following his time at Aetna, he joined the private law firm of Budkley & Santos, which specialized in complex civil and criminal trial work. In 1984, Judge Droney joined the Hartford law firm of Reid and Reige. He became a stockholder and officer in 1987 and was a member of the firm's trial department for 9 years.  As U.S. attorney for the District of Connecticut from 1993 to 1997, Judge Droney personally tried two cases, including the prosecution of the leadership of the Ku Klux Klan in Connecticut, and argued three appeals in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.  President Clinton nominated Judge Droney to be U.S. district judge for the District of Connecticut June 5, 1997. The Senate voted 100 to 0 to confirm his nomination on September 11, 1997. As a U.S. district judge, he has presided over approximately 3,600 cases and over approximately 60 trials. All in all, Judge Droney's legal career includes 14 years in private practice litigation, 4 years as U.S. attorney, and 14 years as a Federal judge.  The American Bar Association Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has rated Judge Droney with a unanimous ``well qualified'' rating. I ask my colleagues to support the nomination.  I yield the floor.  