 President, I want to extend some remarks I made on the Senate floor on June 6. The report I was reporting on on June 6 evaluated audits produced by the Department of Defense Office of Inspector General in fiscal year 2010. I called that report a report card because that is exactly what it was. Each of the 113 unclassified reports published in fiscal year 2010 was reviewed and evaluated and graded in five categories. My report was produced by the Department of Defense Office of Inspector General in fiscal year 2010. After each report was graded individually, all the scores for each report in each category were added up and averaged to create a composite score for all 113 reports.  Although 15 top-quality audits were highlighted in the report, the overall score awarded to the 113 was basically D-minus. That is low, I know. Maybe the score should have been a little higher. Clearly, none reflected any of the reforms Inspector General Heddell, DOD, put in place in December of 2010, as all were published well in advance of that date.  My oversight staff read these reports as educated consumers. We expected these reports to provide leverage in the monumental day-to-day Department of Defense oversight task. We want them to provide assurance that the Defense Department is spending taxpayers' money wisely. Some reports did that but most did not.  This report, prepared by this Senator from Iowa, is sure of one thing: The audits which are the subject of my report card are not somehow exempt from oversight and public scrutiny. In other words, these audits should just not sit on the shelf and collect dust; they need, as well, to be put under the public microscope, especially when they cost almost $1 million apiece to produce. Mr. President, $1 million for an audit report is a heck of a lot of money. So that is exactly what we did in the report card--put these reports in the public spotlight, and I will keep them there until I see sustained improvement at the inspector general of the Department of Defense.  As the report states and as I explained in my speech on June 6, this grading system was subjective and imperfect. However, as subjective and inexact as it may be, I believe it provided a reasonable and rough measure of audit quality.  Following my speech, Defense Department Inspector General Heddell pounced on my report. He expressed strong opposition to the low score. He complained that it did not adequately reflect $4.2 billion in what he called ``achieved monetary benefits,'' identified in fiscal year 2010 reports.  To address IG Heddell's concerns, my staff asked the audit department to prepare an information paper that linked the $4.2 billion in savings to the audit where those savings were reported. That information was provided to me on June 20. I call it a crosswalk. It takes me to the exact page in each report where the savings were discussed. This document listed $4.4 billion in identified potential monetary benefits and collections of $4.2 billion.  After reviewing the crosswalk, I have concluded that Inspector General Heddell had a legitimate gripe about my report card. He is right. It should have included a section that addressed potential savings. So I will address those issues right now, focusing on four reports that contain almost all of the $4.2 billion in savings listed in the collections column.  In grading these reports, we did not give sufficient credit for potential savings and inefficiencies. They were a casualty of the grading system for one simple reason: If the exact dollar amounts of the alleged fraud and waste were not verified using primary source accounting records--and using primary source accounting records is very important--then they did not pop up on my oversight radar screen.  My staff is attempting to work with the audit office to develop a mutuallyagreed upon set of standards for grading audits. The purpose of these discussions would be to create a grading process that would accurately capture the true quality of all reports, including policy reviews that uncover real savings and efficiency.  From the beginning, I have been very critical of the audit office for producing far too many policy reviews and far too few hardcore contract and payment audits. For the most part, the policy audits have no measurable monetary impact whatsoever. However, I have learned recently that at least a few are important for other reasons. I am told that some of these reports are a real value in the work of our Armed Services Committee here in the Senate. Contract and payment audits are also very important and I would say most important. They go right to the heart of the IG's core mission: to root out and deter fraud, waste, and theft. If done right, they, too, can produce big payoffs. Those audits earned top scores in my report card. I am not saying the audit office should do nothing but contract and payment audits. What I am saying is this: The current mix of audits creates a huge imbalance in favor of policy reviews as opposed to monetary reviews. So a better balance needs to be established by the Inspector General's Office.  That said, I have an admission to make to my colleagues. I finally found a policy audit that I like. This report is entitled ``Recapitalization and Acquisition of Light Tactical Wheel Vehicles.'' That audit report is No. 2010-039, dated January 29, 2010. It identified potential savings of $3.84 billion. That is 90 percent of the savings uncovered in all the fiscal year 2010 audits.  In my report card, I gave this audit a low grade. This audit failed to connect the dots on the money trail and verify dollar amounts using primary source contracts and payment records, plus it took 16 months to complete. When you add the 4 to 6 months of planning that often precedes an audit start date, you are probably looking at 2 years to complete the audit, and that is far too long. But this report had other important qualities that were overlooked. It uncovered gross violation of applicable procurement regulations, including the use of sole-source contracting arrangements. It also determined that the proposed vehicle might duplicate the capabilities of existing vehicles.  In the midst of this audit, for reasons that remain unclear, the project manager decided to stop the program ``and put the $3.84 billion in funding to better use in fiscal years 2010-2013.'' This language suggests that all of the money was reallocated within Army accounts for other purposes. Clearly, the audit may have helped to stop $3.84 billion in potential waste. That is excellent. But this does not constitute savings in the classical sense, as all the money was shifted to other Army projects. Waste could have happened in those other projects as well.  It reminds me, while we are here in session in what normally would be a recess and I am reporting that the inspector general found $3.84 billion in potential waste, now that they are trying to find trillions to cut down on the budget deficit, it might be a time to look at the Defense Department and stop the reprogramming of money. If it is going to be saved, it ought to be saved, and that means it will cut down on the deficit.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Shaheen). The Senator has used 10 minutes.  