 President, soon we will be voting on another nominee for district court. We continue our rapid pace in which the Senate has been confirming President Obama's judicial nominees. This vote will mark the 11th judicial nominee to be confirmed this Congress. That is more than double the number confirmed in the 108th Congress, which only saw five confirmations at this point. Obviously, actions speak louder than words. So far, our actions have had concrete results.  The Judiciary Committee met this morning and reported six more judicial nominees. That puts the total at 22 nominees reported favorably so far. We continue to hold hearings every 2 weeks and have heard from 31 nominees currently pending before the Senate. As I have said in the past, we will continue to move consensus nominees through the confirmation process. However, we will continue to do our due diligence in evaluating the nominees. What we will not do is put quantity confirmed over quality confirmed. These lifetime appointments are too important to the Federal Judiciary and the American people to allow rubberstamping.  Just this past Monday, the Senate confirmed three district court judges. In his statement for the record, the chairman of the committee, Senator Leahy, stated:       Nearly one out of every eight Federal judgeships is vacant.      This puts at serious risk the ability of all Americans to      have a fair hearing in court.  However, what the chairman neglected to mention is the fact that President Obama has not put forth a nominee for every vacancy the court currently faces. In fact, of the 95 judicial vacancies, the Senate only has 45 nominees. That is 53 percent of vacancies without a nominee from the White House.  Today, we vote on a nominee to sit on the Western District of North Carolina court. While this is an important vacancy, and a vacancy we need to fill, it is not a judicial emergency. However, there is a judicial emergency in the Eastern District of North Carolina. That seat, which has been vacant since 2005, does not have a nominee currently pending. President Bush nominated Thomas Alvin Farr to that seat twice, but he was never afforded a hearing, let alone an up-or-down vote. I am happy this side of the aisle is not repeating the same regrettable treatment Mr. Farr received.  With regard to Mr. Cogburn, the nominee we will be voting on, the American Bar Association has rated him ``majority well qualified, minority qualified.'' He received his B.A. from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and his juris doctorate from Cumberland School of Law. Mr. Cogburn has practiced law in many capacities. Through his work in private practice, he has worked on a wide range of issues, including criminal litigation, personal injury, civil litigation, and a significant amount of mediation.  As an assistant U.S. attorney for over a decade, Mr. Cogburn gained substantial appellate experience. While there, he also served as drug task force attorney and chief assistant U.S. attorney. Mr. Cogburn also holds judicial experience. He was appointed to serve an 8-year term as a U.S. magistrate judge by the U.S. District Court for the Western District of North Carolina.  After careful evaluation, the Judiciary Committee reported this fine nominee by voice vote on February 3, 2011. I congratulate Mr. Cogburn and his family on this important lifetime appointment and his willingness to continue in public service.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  