 President, I urge my colleagues to support final passage on the America Invents Act. The Judiciary Committee has held numerous hearings on the need for patent reform, and has done a lot of work over the past several Congresses. We have had a good process on the floor. We adopted several amendments to improve the bill. We had votes on amendments and a pretty good open process, which we have not seen much of in the last few years. We have a good bipartisan bill--the chairman of the Judiciary Committee has successfully brought Senators and industry together to craft this compromise legislation. Now I urge my colleagues to support final passage on this important bill so we can conclude our work in the Senate.  The America Invents Act will protect inventors' rights and encourage innovation and investment in our economy. It will improve transparency and third party participation in the patent review process, which will strengthen patent quality and reduce costs. The bill will institute beneficial changes to the patent approval and review process, and will curb litigation abuses and improve certainty for investors and innovators. It will help companies do business more efficiently on an international basis.  The America Invents Act will also help small entities in their patent applications and provide for reduced fees for microentities and small businesses. The bill will prevent patents from being issued on claims for tax strategies, which can add unwarranted fees on taxpayers simply for attempting to comply with the Tax Code.  Finally, the America Invents Act will enhance operations of the Patent and Trademark Office with administrative reforms and will give the Office fee setting authority to reduce backlogs. It will end fee diversion, which will improve the ability of the Patent and Trademark Office to manage its affairs and allocate resources where they are most needed.  I thank Chairman Leahy and Senator Hatch for their hard work on this bill. Without their leadership, we would not be where we are today. I thank Senators Kyl, Sessions, and Coburn. They were instrumental in making improvements to the bill. I also wish to acknowledge the Senate Judiciary Committee staff for their efforts on this bill: in particular, Bruce Cohen, Aaron Cooper, and Curtis LeGeyt of Chairman Leahy's staff, Matt Sandgren of Senator Hatch's staff, Joe Matal of Senator Kyl's staff, and Sarah Beth Groshart of Senator Coburn's staff. I especially thank Kolan Davis and Rita Lari Jochum of my staff for their good work on this bill.  In conclusion, I urge my colleagues to vote for the America Invents Act. This is a bill that will spur inventions, create innovative new products and services, and stimulate job creation. This bill will help upgrade and strengthen our patent system so America can stay competitive in an increasingly global environment. I urge my colleagues to support this carefully crafted bill.  