 We have confirmed 17 judges in the past 30 days.  I may sound like a broken record, but despite what others have said, we have and continue to make real progress on consensus nominees. We have taken positive action on 85 percent of the judicial nominees submitted by President Obama this year. Over 91 percent of nominees submitted during President Obama's Presidency have had their hearing. With these votes, only during 8 of the last 30 years has the Senate confirmed more judicial nominees than we have done during this year.  I would like to say a few words about the nominees, both of whom I support.  Scott Wesley Skavdahl is nominated to be a district court judge for the District of Wyoming. He is a graduate from the University of Wyoming and their College of Law. Judge Skavdahl began his legal career in 1992 as an associate attorney at the law firm of Brown, Drew, Massey & Sullivan. After 2 years with the firm, he departed for a 3-year clerkship with the Honorable William F. Downes on the District Court for the District of Wyoming.  In 1997, he returned to private practice at the firm Williams, Porter, Day & Neville, where he made partner in 2000. From 2001 to 2003, Judge Skavdahl served as a part-time U.S. magistrate judge. He also served as a State district judge for the Seventh Judicial District of Wyoming from 2003 to 2011. In February 2011, Judge Skavdahl was appointed U.S. magistrate judge for the District of Wyoming, a post he holds to this day.  The American Bar Association Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has rated Judge Skavdahl with a unanimous ``well qualified'' rating.  Richard G. Andrews is nominated to be a district judge for the District of Delaware. Mr. Andrews received his bachelor of arts from Haverford College in 1977 and a juris doctorate from the University of California at Berkley Boalt Hall School of Law in 1981.  He began his legal career as a law clerk to the Honorable Collins J. Seitz, Chief Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Mr. Andrews then joined the Office of the United States Attorney for the District of Delaware as a Federal law clerk. After a year in that position, he was named an assistant U.S. attorney.  Mr. Andrews spent the next 24 years in that office, handling a mix of criminal and civil cases in Federal district court. He has served on three occasions as acting or interim U.S. attorney, was first assistant for a number of years in the office, and served as chief of the Criminal Division.  Since 2007, Mr. Andrews has served as State prosecutor within the Delaware Department of Justice.  The American Bar Association Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has rated Mr. Andrews with a substantial majority ``well qualified,'' minority ``qualified'' rating.  