 President, today the Senate will vote on the nomination of Stephen A. Higginson to serve as U.S. circuit judge for the Fifth Circuit. This is a seat that has been deemed by our statistics as a ``judicial emergency.'' This is the 15th judicial nomination we will confirm this month. With this vote today we have confirmed 51 article III judicial nominees during this Congress, and 30 of those confirmations have been for judicial emergencies.  Despite this brisk level of activity, we continue to hear complaints--too many complaints, unjustified complaints--about the lack of real progress by the Senate.  Let me set the record straight regarding the real progress the Senate has made, and this is in regard to President Obama's judicial nominees. We have taken positive action on 87 percent of the judicial nominations submitted before this Congress. The Senate has confirmed 71 percent of President Obama's nominees since the beginning of his Presidency, including two of the most important--Supreme Court Justices.  We continue to remain ahead of the pace set forth in the 108th Congress under President Bush. So far, we have held hearings on 85 percent of President Obama's judicial nominees. That is compared to only 79 percent at this point in President Bush's Presidency. Inote that we have another nomination hearing scheduled in the Judiciary Committee on Wednesday of this week. We have also reported 76 percent of the judicial nominees received so far this Congress, with five more scheduled for consideration on Thursday of this week. A comparable 75 percent were reported at this time in the 108th Congress.  Critics may dismiss the activity we have accomplished in committee as not making real progress. But everyone knows that no votes can take place on the Senate floor until committee action is complete, and that completion must include hearings as well as markups.  Furthermore, when it comes to floor action, we are making real progress as well. We are well ahead in this session of the confirmation pace of previous sessions of Congress. As I mentioned, after this vote, we will have confirmed 51 judicial nominees during this session of Congress. I point out that this exceeds the average number of judicial confirmations going back to the 1st session of the 97th Congress. That session was the beginning of President Reagan's first term in 1981. The average since then is 44 judicial confirmations per session. This puts the current session of Congress in the top 10 over the past 30 years. This means that during this session, President Obama has had better results with his judicial nominees than President Reagan had in seven sessions of Congress. It is more confirmed in five of the eight sessions of Congress during President Clinton's administration. President George W. Bush had six sessions of Congress with fewer nominees confirmed.  So I hope these statistics--as boring as they are--will put to rest insinuations that there is something that is somehow different about this President or that he is being treated unfairly because those sorts of comments do not hold up to analysis.  To support the ``lack of real progress''--those are the words we keep hearing--some would argue that the only valid measure of progress is how quickly a nominee is confirmed after being reported out of committee. That is only one piece of the confirmation process. Hearings and markups in committee are also necessary components. To ignore those elements distorts the picture.  I want to give you an example involving today's nominee, the one we will be voting on in less than half an hour. Mr. Higginson was nominated May 9 of this year. He had his hearing 30 days later. The total time from nomination to confirmation was 175 days. Compare this to the record of the nomination of Edith Brown Clement. She was the nominee of President Bush to be U.S. circuit judge for the Fifth Circuit. Like Mr. Higginson, she, too, was from Louisiana. May 9, 2001, was the first day of her nomination, and because it wasn't handled right away, it had to be returned to the President during the August recess of that year. And, of course, a month later, on September 4, 2001, she was renominated. Compare this length of time involving Judge Clement with the nominee today. As I said, she was renominated on September 4. She had to wait 148 days for her hearing. The total time from initial nomination to confirmation was 188 days. That is nearly 2 weeks longer than Mr. Higginson's confirmation wait.  This is just one example of how cherry-picking one piece of the confirmation process over another can lead to unfounded conclusions. If one argues that Mr. Higginson has been treated unfairly because of how long he waited for confirmation, then certainly Judge Clement was treated even worse. I note that Judge Clement was approved by the committee on a unanimous vote and confirmed on the floor of the Senate on a 99-to-0 vote.  Let's get to the present nominee. I support the nomination of Mr. Higginson. He received his bachelor of arts degree from Harvard College, summa cum laude, in 1983 and juris doctorate from Yale Law School in 1987. Upon graduating from law school, he served as a law clerk for Chief Judge Patricia Wald, U.S. Court of Appeals, DC Circuit. He then clerked at the Supreme Court for Associate Justice Byron White.  Since these clerkships, Mr. Higginson has served as an assistant U.S. attorney. From 1989 to 1993, he served in the U.S. Attorney's Office in the District of Massachusetts. In 1993, he transferred to the Eastern District of Louisiana, continuing with criminal trial work, and became chief of appeals in 1995. From 1997 through 1998, he was detailed by the Department of Justice to work for the U.S. Department of State as Deputy Director of the Presidential Rule of Law Initiative. In 2004, he became a part-time assistant attorney general while serving as a full-time associate professor of law at Loyola University New Orleans College of Law.  The American Bar Association Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has rated Mr. Higginson with a unanimous ``well qualified.''  I intend to vote for his nomination.  I yield the floor.  