Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague, Congresswoman Terri Sewell from Birmingham, for holding this Special Order. Thank you for representing the people of the Seventh Congressional District of Alabama, especially Birmingham and Selma.  I grew up reading and hearing about Reverend Fred Shuttlesworth, the man from Birmingham, Alabama. I grew up about 150 miles from Birmingham outside of a little town called Troy. The words of Fred Shuttlesworth, the actions of this man were so inspiring, I probably wouldn't be standing here today, I know I wouldn't be standing here today as a Member of Congress representing the good people of the Fifth District of Georgia if it hadn't been for individuals like Fred Shuttlesworth.  The Reverend Fred Shuttlesworth is the last of a kind. He was a fearless, determined, courageous leader for civil rights and social justice. When others did not have the courage to stand up, speak up and speak out, Fred Shuttlesworth put all he had on the line to end segregation and racial discrimination not only in Birmingham but throughout the State of Alabama and throughout our Nation.  As has been said so well before, he was beaten with chains, his home was bombed, his church was bombed, and he lived under constant threat of violence and murder; but he never, ever lost faith in the power of love to overcome hate.  He escorted brave young children to desegregate public schools in Birmingham. In 1961, and I will never, ever forget it, when I was only 21 years old, during the Freedom Rides, 50 years ago, when others were immobilized by fear, he was fearless and met us at the Greyhound bus station in Birmingham, Alabama, and welcomed us into his home. When we were trapped in the First Baptist Church a few days later, pastored by the Reverend Ralph Abernathy in downtown Montgomery, after we had been beaten by an angry mob and the church had been surrounded by individuals who tried to burn the church down, he stood up and he spoke. He gave us courage. He told us not to be afraid.  He worked tirelessly beside Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and others as he led the Birmingham Movement. In 1963 when Bull Connor, the commissioner of public safety, used dogs and fire hoses on peaceful protesters, including young children and women, Fred Shuttlesworth was there.  And I will never forget, Congresswoman Sewell, when we went back to Selma in 2007, Fred Shuttlesworth wanted to cross that bridge one more time. He was unable to walk. He was in a wheelchair. Then-Senator Barack Obama pushed the chair across the bridge. Former President Clinton came and kneeled down at the chair in front of Fred Shuttlesworth to pay tribute and homage to him.  This brave and courageous man must be remembered. In my estimation, he is one of the Founding Fathers of the New America. He helped liberate, not just the State of Alabama, not just the South, but he helped liberate America; and that's why we honor him. He helped change and made us a different people, made us stand up, walk, run, and march with pride. We owe him a debt of gratitude. He will be deeply missed.  When we go back to Birmingham, or to Montgomery, or to Selma, or any part of the American South, we may see a statue at the Civil Rights Institute or Museum in Birmingham, but we will see Fred Shuttlesworth all overthe South and all over the Nation, because he helped bring down those signs that said White Men, Colored Men; White Women, Colored Women; White Waiting, Colored Waiting.  America is different. America is better. And we are a better people because of this one brave, courageous man who had the audacity, had the ability, the capacity, to stand up and say, we will be free.  He said over and over again, Emanuel Cleaver: ``Before I'll be a slave, I'll be buried in my grave and go home to my Lord and be free.'' That's the message of Fred Shuttlesworth. I hope all of our young people, black and white, Latinos, Asian Americans and Native Americans, will study the life of Fred Shuttlesworth.  Thank you, Congresswoman Sewell.  