Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4737, the Republican punishment bill that makes people work 40 hours without a minimum-wage guarantee.  Mr. Speaker, a half century ago, the old miner's song captured the plight of the working underclass--``16 tons and what do you get, another day older and deeper in debt.''  Today, author Barbara Eisenreich in her contemporary book, Nickel and Dimed--on Not Getting by in America, reports \1/3\ of our workforce toils for $8 an hour or less. Indeed, the fastest growing segment of our job market is part time jobs with no benefits.  Today, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4737, the Republican's punishment bill for needy, working families. It's their latest gimmick to keep our workforce's pay scales down.  Essentially this bill assures that individuals transitioning off welfare will be locked into the lowest paying jobs, 40 hours a week, because not only are Republicans not creating high paying jobs--in fact since George Bush became President we have lost 2 million more good jobs across our Nation--but this bill denies necessary education and training to help workers gain some skills to negotiate troubled employment waters.  Incredibly in this high tech age, this Republican bill restricts work-related training to no more than 3 consecutive months over a 24-month period. Punish them, indeed.  To vividly make my point: in the past 2 decades the poverty rate among working families has shot up 50 percent. The Bush plan doesn't reverse it but makes it worse. Essentially people in our country are working for less because our good jobs--in textiles, steel, automotive parts, electronics, and high tech--are being exported to China, Mexico and Latin America. We are seeing a race to the bottom of the wage scale. Now we have a whole new class of workers who are being relegated to fill these low wage slots, with no hope for a living wage. 16 tons and what have you got. Over 8 million children in the United States live in poor families that work. Half of all parents in working poor families lack health insurance.  Rather than produce a bill that links education and training to create some hope of a ladder of economic opportunity to true self sufficiency, this bill subjugates them to a shadow economy where even minimum wages are not guaranteed. Under the Republican bill, 39 states could not fulfill the bill's work requirement without violating the current minimum wage rate for a 2-person family.  Vote for the Democratic substitute as a life preserver in most difficult economic waters.  