Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me this time and I rise in very strong support of the Markey motion to instruct.  Make no mistake about it, the energy bill provides a world of opportunity for wasting taxpayer dollars in pursuit of very bad policy. I agree with my dear colleague from Louisiana about the need for renewables here at home. The problem is the bill pays very short shrift to that while it gives away $34 billion over 10 years and shovels money like coal into energy blast furnaces out of the Social Security trust fund.  We are really happy that the motion to instruct apparently has been accepted by the other side. But for the life of me, I do not know how they are going to make the numbers work, because a week ago the Republican majority had borrowed $207 billion from the Social Security trust fund and that number this week went up to $212 billion. And now this bill adds $34 billion in red ink on top of that. Somebody has to keep the ledger balanced at the end of the year.  What seems to pass for energy policy in this administration includes renewal of the Price Anderson Act which exempts nuclear power plants, for example, from liability for accidents and potentially streamlining the licensing process for companies that are seeking to bring old reactors back on-line--like the one in my district which just had a hole eaten in its head, and they are trying to figure out what to do about it. It has been shut down for months.  The failure of this administration to provide an intelligent energy policy and the failure of Congress to pass tough, no-nonsense campaign finance reform creates a climate for vast giveaways of taxpayer dollars. If you look at the nuclear industry alone, which the Vice President loves a great deal, they gave more than $13.8 million to Federal candidates in the 2000 election cycle. Most of our citizens do not have that kind of election clout.  So I would just say it is important to pass this motion to instruct conferees to protect the Social Security trust fund being tapped as the only place to get the money for the kind of corporate giveaways that are included in this bill. Unfortunately, the surpluses that had begun to build as of January 2001 have now plummeted into deficits in every single account in this government. The promise that was made with seven votes that we took here on this floor ``not to break the lockbox'' has been broken seven times. We are now in the red already this year, as of yesterday $212 billion. This bill worsens that problem.  I urge my colleagues to vote for the Markey motion to instruct and stop the raid on Social Security trust funds being cashed out to the corporate energy giants.  