Speaker, I rise this evening to honor Ambassador and Congresswoman Corinne ``Lindy'' Claiborne Boggs, a great and timeless leader and lady of this House.  I had the privilege of serving with Lindy Boggs from the time I arrived in Congress in 1983 until her congressional retirement in 1991. As a member of the Banking Committee and the Appropriations Committee, she championed many causes including equal credit for women, civil rights, and community development.  Lindy was instrumental in founding the Women's Caucus in 1977 when there were only 15 women in the House. She served as Caucus Secretary. Throughout her congressional career, she was dedicated to improving the lives of women and families.  So, as we celebrate the 25th anniversary of the founding of the Women's Caucus, it is only fitting that we honor Lindy's lifelong achievements. Her portrait hangs in the Women's Reading room now renamed The Corinne Lindy Claiborne Bogg Room for years hence.  Lindy has the distinction of being the first woman elected to the House of Representatives from the state of Louisiana and the first woman to chair a national political convention, leading the Democratic National Convention that nominated former President Jimmy Carter in 1976.  She was also America's distinguished Ambassador to the Holy See during the Clinton Administration, the first woman ever appointed to this post.  On April 19, 1977, fifteen Congresswomen held the first meeting of the Women's Caucus. At the time there were a total of 18 female members of the House of Representatives and 2 female Members of the Senate. Twenty five years later, we have 62 female members of the House of Representatives and 13 female members of the Senate. Our progress is slow but steady, a testament to a nation that has expanded liberty for all people since our founding.  With growing strength in numbers, Lindy's bipartisan spirit lives on today. The Congressional Women's Caucus continues to carry the torch for equitable pay, women's health, and child welfare under the leadership of Congresswoman Juanita Millender-McDonald of California and Congresswoman Judy Biggert of Illinois.  Lindy's spirit of bipartisanship has served as the key to the Caucus's strength and success, and I am honored to be a co-sponsor of this resolution. As a member of this people's House and the Women's Caucus for the past 20 years, I extend my sincere admiration and deepest appreciation to Corinne ``Lindy'' Claiborne Boggs for there extraordinary service to the people of the United States and the world and her unwavering dedication to the establishment of the Congressional Women's Caucus. Onward and godspeed to Lindy and her beautiful family.  