I said would it surprise you, in spite of what the headlines are saying in Washington, today we are importing 8 percent of our petroleum from Iraq. They were stunned. How could this be happening at the same time the no-fly zone is maintained over Iraq?  The relationships that have made us more and more dependent on petroleum imports than we were 25 years ago is really a sad tale for our country, and I thank the gentleman for helping us bring this out into the light so those who are recording remarks and those who are listening, particularly the younger generation will understand, we have to unwind, we have to get ourselves out of these relationships because too often oil has been serving as a proxy for our foreign policy, and our trade deficit is a sign of our growing lack of independence.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Again, returning to that, we ran also a $7.4 billion trade deficit with Saudi Arabia, and now we find out that some of the most wealthy Saudis are the biggest backers of alQaeda and other terrorist groups and have been funding this network of schools training Islamic fundamentalist radicals around the world, and we are helping to finance that. It is U.S. consumers who are being extorted at the gas pump by price fixing and production fixing by OPEC, who are sending almost $13 billion a year to Saudi Arabia and Iraq.  This is extraordinary to me; and what is the Bush administration response to this: we should do more of the same. These trade policies are working so well, price gouging the American consumers, undermining our industrial base, lower wages and productivity in the United States, we should do more of exactly the same, despite the fact that we are headed toward a $2 trillion debt overseas within the next 2 years.  Mr. Speaker, $2 trillion of U.S. dollars are outstanding around the world, and the gentlewoman is right. What if the Chinese decide they are in a dispute over Taiwan or something else with the U.S. and they want to slow us down or hurt us, and they demand payment for, say, their $700 billion worth. Suddenly the U.S. is in a big credit crunch. We cannot afford to make those sorts of payments.  Of course, there is one other point that is interesting. I befuddled an economist the other evening. It was Paul Krugman from the New York Times. He is an interesting man, but blind on trade issues. He is a big believer in free trade. We asked him if a $400 billion-a-year trade deficit is sustainable.  He said, oh, no, that is close to what Indonesia had before they collapsed. It is not sustainable.  We asked, How is that going to rectify itself?  He said the dollar will collapse.  And so I said the idea is that the dollar collapses, we pay more for goods, U.S. goods are cheaper. Right?  Yes.  But I said, guess what, if we do not manufacture anything anymore, it just means everything you are importing to run your economy has become a lot more expensive, like oil, critical high-tech components, everything that we are buying, all of the shoes and clothes, all becomes more expensive here in the United States; and our trade deficit might even go up.  With that he turned away from me and did not want to continue the conversation. We are defying conventional wisdom here. The conventional wisdom is if our dollar tanks, yes, it hurts a little bit; but we will turn our sights inward and buy from our own manufacturers. But guess what, our own manufacturers have been sold out by these trade agreements.  Try and buy some running shoes made in America. There is apparently one company that makes men's shoes in the United States. Try to buy a suit made in the United States of America.  