Speaker, I rise today in the cause of peace and to express my concern about the content and the timing of this resolution, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``present.''  Just before we adjourned last year, I introduced House Resolution 328, a bill expressing the sense of Congress that during the holiday season peace should be America's top priority in the Middle East. I was greatly disappointed, in fact I was shocked, that the leadership refused to bring up such a mild but hopeful bill on this floor. They never considered peace a priority.  The killing escalated over the holidays and into this year. What a corrosive impact this is having on the young minds of our world. If Congress truly wants to encourage peace, then let us do it constructively.  I agree with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay) that hundreds more innocent Israelis and Palestinians have died tragically in the ongoing violence. But his one-sided resolution will only fan the killing frenzy. It offers no encouragement for the Arab states to have a place at the peace table.  Israel cannot make peace alone. This resolution envisions no Palestinian state as key in the peace process. At its worst, I fear it represents crass domestic politics in this election year. By contrast, President Bush and Secretary Powell have both asked that Congress put this bill on hold.  Instead of supporting our ally, Israel, this resolution further endangers the delicate balance so necessary to bring peace to the entire region. Let us be a true partner for peace, not just with Israel but as well with the Arab states in the region, surely those that have suffered bloodshed in their common cause with Israel, for a just and lasting peace.  Mr. Speaker, a just peace process must be inclusive or it will not be sustained. America must stand for inclusion. I urge the Members to vote ``present'' on this resolution, and in this way we will demonstrate America's continuing support for Israel but also that this resolution is half-drawn and ill-timed.  