Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Oregon for yielding me this time, and I offer my strong support of this wonderful, wonderful resolution that was entered initially by Ambassador Tony Hall's neighbor, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Hobson), with the strong support of the Ohio delegation and the full cooperation of the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LaTourette). How fitting it is that 200 West 2nd Street, the Federal building and courthouse in Dayton, will now permanently be named in honor of this really incredible Ohioan, who has traveled the world on behalf of the most downtrodden people, those who are starving, those who live in undemocratic places, those whose futures are truly bleak, and who has tried to be a voice for them in the world community, in the United States at the United Nations, and now as U.N. ambassador to the food and agriculture organization.  I think it is so magnificent that Congressman Hall comes from a part of Ohio that understands agriculture well and yet he was a city boy. I walked with him many times through the food banks across this city, across the city of Dayton and across this country. I can remember when he and Bill Emerson and Mickey Leland traveled together across the world and began the germ of the idea of a hunger caucus here inside the Congress of the United States, and bringing young people here to learn about not just America's needs and the food pantries needs of our country, but indeed the starving people of the world.  I know the people of Dayton are justly proud that they have sent their favorite son in service to the Nation not just in the Peace Corps in one country but in the cause of peace globally. So I wish to thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Hobson), the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio), and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LaTourette) on behalf of the entire Buckeye delegation here for so properly recognizing the historic work of former Congressman and Ambassador Tony Hall.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time.  Mr. LaTOURETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time only to thank not only my colleague, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Hobson), but also my colleague, the gentlewoman from Toledo, Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), for being here this evening.  Mr. Speaker, I think all Members would recognize that the mark of a Member is that it is easy to be elected if you are a Republican from a safe Republican seat; it is easy to be elected as a Democrat if you come from a safe Democratic seat. But Tony Hall's seat was marginally Republican, and the people continued to elect him and reelect him because of his outstanding work not only for his community but the Nation and the world.  