Speaker, I was thinking about this today and reading the headlines about Afghanistan, and that country now trying to pull together a government and it is not very easy to do. But assuming they could pull the government together, through Afghanistan will come an oil pipeline from the Caspian Sea. Then we see the President's comments about Iraq and whether or not certain forces will be used to destabilize the government of Iraq, and we recall the Persian Gulf War and that oil field that lies between Iraq and Kuwait.  Then we saw the Bush administration a few weeks ago give mixed messages to this Congress and the world about Venezuela and which government the administration was supporting or not supporting in Venezuela. What do Iraq, Venezuela and Afghanistan all have in common? They have in common the oil imperative. So many times when you see the United States become dependent, as we are in this oil arena, very bad things can happen. Indeed, wars can happen when our country is not independent. I think it is important what the gentleman is presenting in terms of the financial condition of our country and who we owe.  The first phone call I made after 9-11 was to Alan Greenspan, and I wanted to know from an economical standpoint who can pull our bonds internationally. I said, I want you to assure me that we can hold it together because 40 percent of the debt of this country is now owned by foreign interests. He said, We can track that back to the London markets. And I said, What does that tell me? He said, I do not think you need to worry, but he could not actually tell me who holds our debt.  I think he might know, I am not sure, but he was not able to tell me. But when we owe $400 billion a year to interests that we do not even have a list of, we know that it is traded in the London markets, if we could theorize, China is now the largest holder of our dollar reserves. The trade deficit is a reciprocal for that. Japan is number two. So our fate lies in their hands. Saudi Arabia and the OPEC countries, number three. So behind the scenes, they have enormous leverage when the United States is frittering away its economic independence.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, we ran a trade deficit last year of $40 billion with the OPEC countries, the same countries that are fixing oil prices to stick it to American consumers and the remaining industry that we have in this country with extortionately high prices for fuel; and the Bush administration, they are all for free trade. They love the WTO, the secret tribunals. They want to get hormone-laced beef in from Europe, and other things that are in favor of corporate America; but guess what, they will not file a complaint with the WTO against OPEC for price fixing which is prohibited by the World Trade Organization and by GATT. Why not?  Well, maybe there is something to do with the oil industry that I am not quite aware of, but we are running a $40 billion trade deficit. These people are making no secret of the fact that they are restraining production to drive up the price, and that violates the WTO. It is an open and shut case. All the U.S. has to do is file it on behalf of its consumers. Consumers of the United States cannot file a case. Even those industries that are still left in this country cannot file a case. Only the Bush administration can file the case, and they are refusing to take on the OPEC countries and to file against them for price gouging of the American people.  Also on that list, kind of interestingly enough, we ran a $5.754 billion trade deficit with Iraq. The President is talking about invading Iraq, and we are running a $5.750 billion trade deficit with them. There is something weird about that.  