Speaker, if the gentleman will continue to yield, I would just want to point out that Argentina and Brazil, we are already in deficit with them. And if we look at what has happened with Canada and Mexico post-NAFTA, we used to have surpluses with those countries. Then, when NAFTA kicked in, we have moved into gigantic deficits with both countries, where they are sending us more goods than we are sending them.  We already have growing deficits with Argentina and Brazil and Venezuela. If this is passed, it will only grow worse because that has been what the pattern is. If we look at a country like Argentina, I found it very ironic that our Governor went down to Argentina in order to try to move Ohio product down there. But if we look at what is happening, Ohio's beef producers are being wiped off the map. They cannot get access to market. We are importing Argentinian beef into the United States. We have a deficit with Argentina. They are sending us more than we are sending them, and they were not about to buy any more of our beef. They want to sell us their beef.  And in terms of Brazil and Venezuela, if we look at the steel industry, if we look at agriculture in those countries, the numbers are not moving in our direction already. And many of the people in those countries do not earn enough to buy what we have to sell, so we end up shooting ourselves in the foot.  I thank the gentleman.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Exactly on that point, the passage of NAFTA was really the big lie strategy. We were told it was to produce hundreds of thousands of new jobs in the United States, and we were going to ship all these goods to Mexico. Of course, what they did not look at was the total buying power. If every peso earned by every person in Mexico was only spent on U.S.-produced goods, not on bare necessities, not on rent, locally, or anything else, it would have almost equaled the buying power of the State of New Jersey. This was theoretic. And, of course, obviously, that cannot happen. And, in fact, what has happened is our trade deficit with Mexico is up 1,861 percent. We have lost hundreds of thousands of jobs. We are running a $40-billion-a-year trade deficit to Mexico. U.S. corporations are moving their capital to Mexico.  This was never intended to be an agreement for U.S. firms to produce in the United States and ship to Mexico. That was a joke. It was a lie, plain and simple. Unfortunately, a majority of our colleagues bought it. What it was always about was a cheap export platform in Mexico for U.S. manufacturers to move their capital and foreign manufacturers to move closer to the U.S. market so they would not have to ship things so far; big, heavy things.  