 President, I want to say a few words about the Sessions nomination for Attorney General, but I also want to express my very strong opposition to Senator McConnell's effort to deny Senator Elizabeth Warren the opportunity to express her point of view.  There are two separate issues. No. 1, this is the Senate. The American people expect from us a vigorous debate on the important issues facing this country. I think all of us are aware that issues of civil rights, issues of voter suppression, issues of criminal justice reform are enormous issues that people from one end of this country feel very strongly about. Those are issues that the next Attorney General of the United States will be dealing with.  So clearly we need a vigorous discussion regarding the qualifications of President Trump's nominee, Jeff Sessions, to be Attorney General. We need to hear all points of view. The idea that a letter and a statement made by Coretta Scott King, the widow of Martin Luther King, Jr., a letter that she wrote, could not be presented and spoken about on the floor of the Senate is, to me, incomprehensible.  It comes at a time when we have a President who has initiated, and I hope it will not stand, a ban on Muslims entering the United States of America. We have a President who refers to a judge who issues a ruling in opposition to the President as a so-called judge, which tells every judge in America that they will be insulted and marginalized by this President if they dare to disagree with him.  I was under the impression we had three separate branches of government: Congress, the President, and the Judiciary, equal branches, not to be insulted because one branch disagrees with another branch.  Here we are now on the floor of the Senate and one of our outstanding Senators, Ms. Warren of Massachusetts, brings forth a statement made by one of the heroines, one of the great leaders of the civil rights of the United States of America, a statement that she made before the Senate Judiciary Committee on March 13, 1986.  Anyone who knows anything about Coretta Scott King understands, this is not a vicious woman; this is not a woman who is engaged in personal attacks. This is a woman who stood up and fought for civil rights, for dignity, for justice for her whole life. Yet when Senator Warren read her statement, she was told that she could no longer participate in this debate over Senator Sessions' nomination, which I regard as an outrage.  I want the American people to make a decision on whether we should be able to look at Senator Sessions' record and hear from one of the heroines of the civil rights movement.  This is the statement of Coretta Scott King on the nomination of Jefferson Beauregard Sessions for the U.S. District Court, Southern District of Alabama, made before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday, March 13, 1986, and this is what the statement is about. Let the American people judge.  This is from Coretta Scott King:       Mr. Chairman and Members of the Committee:       Thank you for allowing me this opportunity to express my      strong opposition to the nomination of Jefferson Sessions for      a     federal district judgeship for the Southern District of      Alabama. My longstanding commitment which I shared with my      husband, Martin, to protect and enhance the rights of Black      Americans, rights which include equal access to the      democratic process, compels me to testify today.       Civil rights leaders, including my husband and Albert      Turner, have fought long and hard to achieve free and      unfettered access to the ballot box. Mr. Sessions has used      the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of      the vote by black citizens in the district he now seeks to      serve as a federal judge. This simply cannot be allowed to      happen. Mr. Sessions' conduct as U.S. Attorney, from his      politically-motivated voting fraud prosecutions to his      indifference toward criminal violations of civil rights laws,      indicates that he lacks the temperament, fairness, and      judgment to be a federal judge.       The Voting Rights Act was, and still is, vitally important      to the future of democracy in the United States. I was      privileged to join Martin and many others during the Selma to      Montgomery march for voting rights in 1965. Martin was      particularly impressed by the determination to get the      franchise of blacks in Selma and neighboring Perry County. As      he wrote, ``Certainly no community in the history of the      Negro struggle has responded with the enthusiasm of Selma and      her neighboring town of Marion. Where Birmingham depended      largely upon students and unemployed adults to participate in      nonviolent protest of the denial of the franchise, Selma has      involved fully 10 per cent of the Negro population in active      demonstrations, and at least half the Negro population of      Marion was arrested on one day.'' Martin was referring of      course to a group that included the defendants recently      prosecuted for assisting elderly and illiterate blacks to      exercise that franchise. In fact, Martin anticipated from the      depth of their commitment 20 years ago, that a united      political organization would remain in Perry County long      after other marchers had left. This organization, the Perry      County Civil League, started by Mr. Turner, Mr. Hogue, and      others, as Martin predicted, continued ``to direct the drive      for votes and other rights.'' In the years since the Voting      Rights Act was passed, Black Americans in Marion, Selma, and      elsewhere have made important strides in their struggle to      participate actively in the electoral process. The number of      Blacks registered to vote in key Southern states has doubled      since 1965. This would not have been possible without the      Voting Rights Act.       However, Blacks still fall far short of having equal      participation in the electoral process. Particularly in the      South, efforts continue to be made to deny Blacks access to      the polls, even where Blacks constitute the majority of the      voters. It has been a long up-hill struggle to keep alive the      vital legislation that protects the most fundamental right to      vote. A person who has exhibited so much hostility to the      enforcement of those laws, and thus, to the exercise of those      rights by Black people should not be elevated to the federal      bench.       The irony of Mr. Sessions' nomination is that, if      confirmed, he will be given life tenure for doing with a      federal prosecution what the local sheriffs accomplished      twenty years ago with clubs and cattle prods. Twenty years      ago, when we marched from Selma to Montgomery, the fear of      voting was real, as the broken bones and bloody heads in      Selma and Marion bore witness. As my husband wrote at the      time, ``it was not just a sick imagination that conjured up      the vision of a public official, sworn to uphold the law, who      forced an inhuman march upon hundreds of Negro children; who      ordered the Rev. James Bevel to be chained to his sickbed;      who clubbed a Negro woman registrant, and who callously      inflicted repeated brutalities and indignities upon      nonviolent Negroes, peacefully petitions for their      constitutional right to vote.''       Free exercise of voting rights is so fundamental to      American democracy that we cannot tolerate any form of      infringement of those rights. Of all the groups who have been      disenfranchised in our nation's history, none has struggled      longer or suffered more in the attempt to win the vote than      Black citizens. No group has had access to the ballot box      denied so persistently and intently. Over the past century, a      broad array of schemes have been used in attempts to block      the Black vote. The range of techniques developed with the      purpose of repressing black voting rights run the gamut from      the straightforward application of brutality against black      citizens who tried to vote to such legalized frauds as      ``grandfather clause'' exclusions and rigged literacy tests.       The actions taken by Mr. Sessions in regard to the 1984      voting fraud prosecutions represent just one more technique      used to intimidate Black voters and thus deny them this most      precious franchise. The investigations into the absentee      voting process were conducted only in the Black Belt      counties where blacks had finally achieved political power      in the local government. Whites had been using the      absentee process to their advantage for years without      incident. Then, when Blacks; realizing its strength, began      to use it with success, criminal investigations were      begun.       In these investigations, Mr. Sessions, as U.S. Attorney,      exhibited an eagerness to bring to trial and convict three      leaders of the Perry County Civil League including Albert      Turner despite evidence clearly demonstrating their innocence      of any wrongdoing. Furthermore, in initiating the case, Mr.      Sessions ignored allegations of similar behavior by whites,      choosing instead to chill the exercise of the franchise by      blacks by his misguided investigation. In fact, Mr. Sessions      sought to punish older black civil rights activists,      advisors, and colleagues of my husband, who had been key      figures in the civil rights movement in the 1960's. These      were persons who, realizing the potential of the absentee      vote among Blacks, had learned to use the process within the      bounds of the legality and had taught others to do the same.      The only sin they committed was being too successful in      gaining votes.       The scope and character of the investigations conducted by      Mr. Sessions also warrant grave concern. Witnesses were      selectively chosen in accordance with the favorability of      their testimony to the government's case. Also, the      prosecution illegally withheld from the defense critical      statements made by witnesses. Witnesses who did testify were      pressured and intimidated into submitting the ``correct''      testimony. Many elderly blacks were visited multiple times by      the FBI who then hauled them over 180 miles by bus to a grand      jury in Mobile when they could more easily have testified at      a grand jury twenty miles away in Selma. These voters, and      others, have announced they are now never going to vote      again.       I urge you to consider carefully Mr. Sessions' conduct in      these matters. Such a review, I believe, raises serious      questions about his commitment to the protection of the      voting rights of all American citizens and consequently his      fair and unbiased judgment regarding this fundamental right.      When the circumstances and facts surrounding the indictments      of Al Turner, his wife, Evelyn, and Spencer Hogue are      analyzed, it becomes clear that the motivation was political,      and the result frightening--the wide-scale chill of the      exercise of the ballot for blacks, who suffered so much to      receive that right in the first place. Therefore, it is my      strongly-held view that the appointment of Jefferson Sessions      to the Federal bench would irreparably damage the work of my      husband, Al Turner, and countless others who risked their      lives and freedom over the past twenty years to ensure equal      participation in our democratic system.       The exercise of the franchise is an essential means by      which our citizens ensure that those who are governing will      be responsible. My husband called it the number one civil      right. The denial of access to the ballot box ultimately      results in the denial of other fundamental rights. For, it is      only when the poor and disadvantaged are empowered that they      are able to participate actively in the solutions to their      own problems.       We still have a long way to go before we can say that      minorities no longer need to be concerned about      discrimination at the polls. Blacks, Hispanics, Native      Americans and Asian Americans are grossly underrepresented at      every level of government in America. If we are going to make      our timeless dream of justice through democracy a reality, we      must take every possible step to ensure that the spirit and      intent of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the Fifteenth      Amendment of the Constitution is honored.       The federal courts hold a unique position in our      constitutional system, ensuring that minorities and other      citizens without political power have a forum in which to      vindicate their rights. Because of this unique role, it is      essential that the people selected to be Federal judges      respect the basic tenets of our legal system: respect for      individual rights and a commitment to equal justice for all.      The integrity of the Courts, and thus the rights they      protect, can only be maintained if citizens feel confident      that those selected as federal judges will be able to judge      with fairness others holding differing views.       I do not believe Jefferson Sessions possesses the requisite      judgment, competence, and sensitivity to the rights      guaranteed by the Federal civil rights laws to qualify for      appointment to the federal district court. Based on his      record, I believe his confirmation would have a devastating      effect on not only the judicial system in Alabama, but also      on the progress we have made everywhere toward fulfilling my      husband's dream that he envisioned over twenty years ago. I      therefore urge the Senate Judiciary Committee to deny his      confirmation.       I thank you for allowing me to share my views.  That is the letter of Coretta Scott King, one of the great leaders of our civil rights movement, who, along with her husband and many others, finally managed to get passed the Voting Rights Act of 1965.  That is it. That is the letter Senator Elizabeth Warren wanted to communicate to other Members of the Senate as part of the discussion as to whether Jeff Sessions should become our next Attorney General.  Let me say that I will vote against Jeff Sessions for a number of reasons, but the idea that in the United States Senate, the same exact letter that I just read and the American people have heard it--was there some kind of vicious personal attack?  This is a letter written by one of the leaders of the civil rights movement, expressing strong concerns about Jeff Sessions before the Judiciary Committee in 1986, opposing his nominationto be a Federal judge. Yet Senator Elizabeth Warren, one of our leading Senators, was denied the right to read that letter to inform fellow Senators and the American people.  I think Leader McConnell owes Senator Warren an apology, and I believe it is unconscionable and outrageous that Senator Warren not be allowed to participate in the discussion about whether Jeff Sessions becomes our next Attorney General.  There is a great fear in this country right now, starting at the White House, where we have a President who has issued a ban on Muslim visitors coming into this country. There is a fear that we have a President who denigrates a judge as a ``so-called judge'' because this judge issued an opinion in disagreement with the President, that we are moving in a direction which is un-American, which is moving us toward an authoritarian society.  We pride ourselves as a nation because when we have differences of opinion, we debate those differences and we tolerate differences of opinion. That is what democracy is about in our country, that is what freedom of speech is about, and that is what debate is about here in the U.S. Senate.  So I am going to vote against Jeff Sessions to become our next Attorney General, but I am even more alarmed about the decision of the majority leader here in the Senate to deny one of our leading Senators the right to voice her opinion, the right to put into the Congressional Record what I have just said. And if Mr. McConnell or anybody else wants to deny me the right to debate Jeff Sessions' qualifications, go for it. But I am here. I will participate in the debate. I will oppose Jeff Sessions. And I think Senator Warren is owed an apology.  With that, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record the statement of Coretta Scott King.  