 President, I think many millions of Americans perceive, as I do, that these are not normal times.  We have had a new President of the United States who called a judge a ``so-called judge'' because he dared to disagree with President Trump's decision on the ban of Muslims coming into this country.  We have a President who attacks the media in this country as fake news; everything they are saying is a lie. We have a President who goes before the troops--men and women in the American military--and starts talking about politics. It is very clear to me that we have a new President who really does not understand the Constitution of the United States of America, who does not understand the separation of powers in the Constitution, and in that context, we need an Attorney General who will have the courage to tell the President of the United States when he is acting in a dangerous, authoritarian, or unconstitutional way.  I have known Jeff Sessions for a number of years, and personally, I like Jeff Sessions. But I do not believe at this moment in history, when we need people around this President to explain the Constitution to him, that Jeff Sessions will be the Attorney General to do that.  I am deeply concerned about voter suppression in this country. I am deeply concerned that, as a result of the Supreme Court's gutting of the Voting Rights Act, we have, in State after State after State, Governors and legislatures that are working overtime to make it harder for poor people, people of color, older people, young people to participate in the political process.  Today in the United States, we have, compared to the rest of the world, a low voter turnout. Only about 60 percent of eligible voters in America cast a ballot. Our job--whether you are conservative, Republican, Progressive, Independent, Democrat--whatever you are, if you believe in democracy, what you should believe in is bringing more people into the political process, increasing our voter turnout, not working as hard as you can to suppress the vote.  I want an Attorney General of the United States of America to tell those Governors, to tell those attorneys general all over this country that as Attorney General of the United States, he will fight them tooth and nail in every way legally possible to stop the suppression of the vote in State after State throughout this country.  We have the dubious distinction in this country of having more people in jail than any other nation on Earth. We have about 2.2 million Americans. We are spending about $80 billion a year locking them up, and the people who are disproportionately in jail are African American, Latino, Native American.  I want an Attorney General who understands that the current criminal justice system is failing, that we have to figure out ways to keep people from getting into jail by investing in education, in jobs, and that incarceration and more jails are not the answers to the crisis we face within criminal justice. I honestly do not believe that Jeff Sessions is that person.  In recent years, we have made significant progress in allowing people--regardless of their sexual orientation--to get married and to have the full rights of American citizenship. I do not believe that Jeff Sessions will be the Attorney General who will be supportive of LGBT rights.  We have some 11 million undocumented people in this country. I believe that most Americans see the solution as comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship.  Today we have some 700,000 people who are DACA recipients, who have come out of the shadows and trusted the Federal Government to protect them. We need an Attorney General who is sensitive to the needs of DACA recipients, who will pursue humane immigration policies, and advocate for the need of comprehensive immigration reform. I do not believe that Jeff Sessions will be that Attorney General.  So, Mr. President, for all of those reasons and more, I will be voting against Jeff Sessions to become the next Attorney General of the United States.  