 President, perhaps people then will ask a simple question: How does it happen? How does the same exact same medicine sold in the United States sell in countries around the world for a fraction ofthe price that we have to pay? The answer is severalfold. No. 1, we are the only major country on Earth, of course, that does not have a national health care system guaranteeing health care to all people. We are the only major country on Earth not to have that.  As part of that problem, we are the only major country not to negotiate drug prices with the pharmaceutical industry. You can walk into a drug store today, and the price could be double or three times what you paid a year ago. There is no law to stop them. They can and they will raise prices as high as the market will allow. If people die as a result of that, not a problem for them. If people get sick, not a problem for them.  Perhaps next to Wall Street, the pharmaceutical industry is the most powerful political force in this country. They have spent more than $3 billion on lobbying since 1998, and they have 1,400 lobbyists on Capitol Hill. We have 100 Senators. There are 435 Members of the House. Yet the drug companies have 1,400 lobbyists on Capitol Hill. They have lobbyists all over the country in every State capital.  These are no small-time lobbyists. These are former leaders of the Democratic Party, leaders of the Republican Party, people who have enormous contacts. So the drug companies are able to raise prices to any level they want because we as a nation, uniquely among major nations, do not negotiate prices with them. The reason we do not negotiate prices with them is they got lobbyists and they make very hefty campaign contributions to make sure Congress, in fact, does not pass legislation which will lower drug prices in this country.  The pharmaceutical industry is an industry that is not only incredibly greedy, but they have a business model which is largely based on fraud. Like Wall Street, their business model is largely based on fraud. Almost every major drug company, not widely known--but almost every major drug company in this country--multi, multibillion-dollar corporations--have been fined for illegal activities and for cheating consumers in our country and all over the world.  Since 1991, with lax enforcement--it is not like we have a vigorous Attorney General's office that really goes after these guys. With relatively lax enforcement policies, drug companies over the years since 1991 have paid over $35 billion in fines or reached settlements for fraud and misconduct. Imagine that. This is just when they are caught, and I suspect that most of the times they cheat, they don't get caught--but $35 billion in fines or settlements since 1991 from the major drug companies in this country.  Let me give you just a few examples of some of the settlements and fines the major drug companies have made in recent years.  In 2013, the Justice Department ordered Johnson & Johnson to pay $2.2 billion in fines because they ``recklessly promote drugs for uses that have not been proven to be safe and effective.''  According to the U.S. attorney handling the case, Johnson & Johnson's ``promotion of Risperdal for unapproved uses threatened the most vulnerable populations of our society--children, the elderly, and those with developmental disabilities.''  In 2010, AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals paid $520 million to resolve allegations that it illegally marketed the antipsychotic drug Seroquel for uses not approved as safe and effective by the Food and Drug Administration.  In 2009, Eli Lilly was fined over $1.4 billion for its off-label promotion of another antipsychotic product known as Zyprexa. According to Federal investigators, Eli Lilly's ``illegal activity increases patients' costs, threatens their safety and negatively affects the delivery of healthcare services to the more than nine million military members, retirees and their families who rely on'' TRICARE.  Very interestingly--and I am sure many of the Members saw it--President-Elect Trump had a press conference this morning, and in his press conference, he said that pharma is ``getting away with murder.''  Mr. Trump: Pharma is ``getting away with murder.''  Do you know what? Mr. Trump is exactly right. Pharma is getting away with murder. Pharma has gotten away with murder for many decades.  The interesting issue is, with a Republican President-elect telling the truth, that pharma is getting away with murder, will the Republicans, will all the Democrats have the guts finally to stand up to the pharmaceutical industry and their lobbyists and their campaign contributions and fight for the American consumer and end the disgrace of having our country pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs?  The good news is--I say to my fellow Republicans and to Democrats--the good news is that tonight you are going to have that opportunity because as part of the so-called vote-arama, I will be offering a very simple amendment which I hope wins strong bipartisan support. In fact, there have been a number of Republicans over the years--in the House and in the Senate--who have supported the concept of reimportation for many years.  What this amendment will do is allow pharmaceutical distributors and pharmacists and those involved in the pharmaceutical industries--those people who sell drugs--to import low-cost medicine from Canada and other countries which will be FDA-approved. In other words, all over this country people ask a very simple question: We can eat fish and vegetables that are grown all over the world, but somehow we cannot get into this country brand-name prescription drugs manufactured by some of the largest drug companies in the world from an advanced country like Canada? The reason we can't do that is for one reason and one reason alone, and that is the power of the pharmaceutical industry.  I would hope that tonight, both Democrats and Republicans will stand together and demand that this country be able to import safe, low-cost medicine from Canada and from other countries.  I should also mention that I will be introducing legislation with Representative Elijah Cummings from Maryland in the coming days on this very issue, on the issue of reimportation and also another issue that Mr. Trump touched on, I believe, today; and that is, the need for Medicare and the government, in general, to negotiate prices with the pharmaceutical industry. The VA does it. Clearly, Medicare should be doing it as well. I believe we are going to have an amendment on the floor tonight. I would hope people support that amendment. I will be introducing legislation on that issue as well as reimportation.  When we talk about the health care crisis in America, one of the issues of concern to most Americans is the outrageously high cost of prescription drugs. The question is whether the Congress has the guts to take on an enormously powerful industry, the pharmaceutical industry, with all of their lobbying and all of their campaign contributions. I certainly hope we will do the right thing, and tonight we can begin that process.  With that, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Toomey). The Senator from Louisiana.  