 President, if we support children and we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on Earth, we will vote against this budget resolution, but I have no problems with Senator Heller's amendment.  What I do want to do is spend a moment on the amendment that will come up next, and that is that it would establish a 60-vote budget point of order to prevent the top 1 percent of Americans--people who are doing phenomenally well--from receiving any future tax cuts. It is not a radical idea to suggest that at a time of massive income and wealth inequality, when the people on top are doing unbelievably well, at a time when the middle class is shrinking, now is not the time to provide hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks to the very wealthiest families in this country.  Under the Republican proposal with the repeal of the estate tax, the Walton family--wealthiest family in America--would get up to a $50 billion tax break. Does anybody think that is vaguely sane? The Koch brothers, who have enough money to spend hundreds of millions of dollars electing rightwing candidates, will get a $30 billion tax break.  I think the American people have been very clear, in poll after poll, saying not only do they not want to give tax breaks to billionaires but they correctly believe the wealthiest people in this country should start paying their fair share of taxes.  Today the United States has more income and wealth inequality than at any time since the 1920s. Today the top one-tenth of 1 percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. Twenty people in America own as much wealth as the bottom half of our country.  According to a recent study by the Federal Reserve, the top 1 percent now own 39 percent of the Nation's wealth while the bottom 60 percent own just 3 percent. Since the Wall Street crash a decade ago, 52 percent of all new income has gone to the top 1 percent. If there was ever a time in American history not to be cutting Medicaid and Medicare and giving huge tax breaks to the 1 percent, this is that moment.  I ask support for this amendment.  I think Senator Wyden wanted to say a word.  