 President, this is what I asked:       I am very concerned that if you succeed in passing tax      legislation that significantly adds to our national debt, you      will then move aggressively to balance the budget on the      backs of working families, the elderly, the children, the      sick, and the poor. In other words, in order to pay for tax      breaks for the rich and large corporations, you will make      massive cuts to Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid,      nutrition, environmental protection, and every other program      designed to protect the needs of the middle class and working      families of our country.       Before the Senate votes on tax legislation that adds over      $1.4 trillion to the deficit, you owe the American people a      specific and detailed explanation as to how the Republican      Congress will achieve its commitment of balancing the budget      over the next decade.       Will you schedule a vote to raise the eligibility age of      Medicare from 65 to 67 as called for in the House Budget      Resolution? Will you attempt to end Medicare as we know it by      giving seniors vouchers to purchase private health insurance,      something long supported by Speaker Ryan?       How much will you cut Social Security? Will you try to      increase the retirement age to 70, cut cost-of-living      adjustments for senior citizens and disabled veterans, and/or      privatize Social Security?       Will you support legislation to cut Medicaid by $1 trillion      over the next decade, kicking 15 million Americans off of      health insurance? As you know, this was a provision included      in the Republican Budget Resolution that was passed earlier      this year.       How much do you plan on cutting affordable housing, Pell      Grants, WIC, and Head Start to pay for a permanent tax break      for profitable corporations?  That is what I wrote to the majority leader.  My challenge right now to my Republican colleagues is--and I ask you--to come down to the floor of the Senate and tell me I am wrong. Come down here and tell the American people, if this legislation--this disastrous tax bill--passes, that you will not be coming back to cut Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, nutrition, education, and other programs. Maybe I am wrong. If Republicans come down here and say: Bernie, you are wrong. We have no intention of cutting Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, I will come here, and I will apologize.  So here is my challenge right now to my Republican colleagues: Come down here. Tell me and tell the American people I am wrong. Tell us all that you are not going to cut Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and education in order to deal with the $1.4 trillion deficit you will bring about in this disastrous tax bill. Tell the American people you are not going to cut programs that the elderly, the children, the sick, and the poor desperately need in order to give huge tax breaks to the wealthy and large corporations.  That is my challenge, and I will be listening eagerly to see if there are any Republicans who are going to come down and tell me what I am suggesting is wrong.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tillis). The Senator from Wyoming.  