  The assumption that many of my colleagues seem to start from is that before ObamaCare, the health care system was great in America, that everybody had health care in a cost-effective way and then ObamaCare came along and all of these problems arose.  What the Senator from Michigan just told us--and I want people to remember it--8 years ago, if you were diagnosed with cancer and you walked into an insurance company, they would say: Why would we give you insurance? We will lose money on you. Your cancer may recur.  You are a woman and you want maternity coverage? What do you think is going on? Why should we do that?  You are a family with a kid who is 21 years of age and you want his insurance on your policy? Well, you couldn't have it.  I think what the Senator from Michigan pointed out is not that anyone thinks the Affordable Care Act is perfect--nobody thinks it doesn't need improvement. But to simply throw out all of the benefits, for 30 million people to be thrown off of health insurance--during the budget hearings a couple of years ago that Senator Enzi chaired, I asked a question of my colleagues when this idea came up, and I would ask it again to my good friend from Wyoming. What are the studies you have seen in terms of the number of people who will die when they lose their health insurance? How many thousands of people will die because they no longer have health insurance and they cannot go to the doctor and the hospital? The studies I have seen suggest that many thousands of people will die. That is common sense. If you throw 30 million people off of health insurance, they are going to die. How do you go forward providing a death penalty to thousands of people without having any solution to it?  Further, I would add to the excellent points made by the Senator from Michigan. Senator Enzi and the Senator from Texas before him talked about the impact of health care problems in rural areas. I come from a rural area. Michigan has large parts of the State that are rural. The Senators from rural areas on the Republican side have said they want to make sure their constituents in rural areas can see a doctor. That is certainly a modest proposal. Of course they should be able to see a doctor.  If that is the case, my Republican friends should understand what the Federation of American Hospitals and the American Hospital Association said about repealing the Affordable Care Act. These are major hospital organizations. According to a very recent report, what they said is that a repeal of the Affordable Care Act will mean a reduction in payments to rural hospitals of over $165 billion over a 10-year period. According to the hospital associations, rural hospitals will suffer an additional loss of $289 billion from their inflation updates.  This is a report from the Federation of American Hospitals and the American Hospital Association, major health care institutions in America. They said in their report: ``This reversal of health coverage would represent an unprecedented public health crisis.'' Furthermore, they said: ``The magnitude of reductions would threaten hospitals' ability to serve patients.''  So when we talk about the needs of rural Americans, I would hope my colleagues listen to what the Federation of American Hospitals and the American Hospital Association have to say.  With that, I yield the floor.  