 President, this article by Mr. Kinzer used the example--this is just one example--of Indonesia to demonstrate the incredibly negative impact Saudi financing has had in many places around the world.  I will quote from his article:       Saudi Arabia has been working for decades to pull Indonesia      away from moderate Islam and toward the austere Wahhabi form      that is state religion in Saudi Arabia. The Saudis' campaign      has been patient, multi-faceted, and lavishly financed. It      mirrors others they have waged in Muslim countries across      Asia and Africa.       Successive American presidents have assured us that Saudi      Arabia is our friend and wishes us well. Yet we know that      Osama bin Laden and most of his 9/11 hijackers were Saudis,      and that, as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton wrote in a      diplomatic cable eight years ago, ``Donors in Saudi Arabia      constitute the most significant source of funding to Sunni      terrorist groups worldwide.''       Recent events in Indonesia shine a light on a Saudi project      that is even more pernicious than financing terrorists. Saudi      Arabia has used its wealth, much of which comes from the      United States, to turn entire nations into hotbeds of radical      Islam. By refusing to protest or even officially acknowledge      this far-reaching project, we finance our own assassins--and      global terror.  That is the end of a quote from that excellent article from the Boston Globe.  We all understand that there are times when we must work with problematic governments in order to advance our security goals, but for far too long, we have been giving a pass to a government in Saudi Arabia that supports ideas and policies that are fundamentally at odds with American values and that have led to extremely negative consequences for American security.  I think the time has come for the Congress to take a very hard look at this relationship and assess whether it is actually serving the interests and values of the American people.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  