 CORNYN. I will not, not at this time.  Fortunately, we now have a President in the White House who clearly sees the failure of ObamaCare and wants to do something about it. Republicans in Congress have introduced a bill, which is now being marked up in the House, that the President can actually sign, once it is passed, to get us out of this mess. The American Health Care Act is the vehicle to do just that, and I am glad President Trump endorsed the plan earlier this week.  It is a work in progress. The House committees are marking it up as we speak. There will be changes along the way, but, ultimately, the House will pass the bill and send it to the Senate. Then we will have an opportunity to offer our amendments during the course of its passage. The important point to make, though, is that this legislation will actually put patients first so they are not forced into a plan that they don't want or that provides coverage they can't afford. It does away with the outrageous new taxes and the penalties that have made the economy worse off and have made life harder for American families.  The legislation will also give families more flexibility so they can get the healthcare specific to their needs that actually works for them. If they decide, for example, to get a major medical policy that is relatively inexpensive and then use a health savings account to use pretax dollars to pay for their regular doctors' visits, they will have the flexibility to do that. So this legislation promotes sensible reforms to ensure that big ticket items like Medicaid are put on a more sustainable fiscal path.  I have heard some suggestions that this legislation actually guts Medicaid. That is false. That is not true. It actually continues at current levels in this shared State and Federal program, but it is subject to a cost-of-living index that will actually put Medicaid on a more sustainable path. Just as importantly, it will also return the authority back to the States to come up with the flexible programs they need to deal with the specific healthcare needs of the people of their State.  This legislation makes sure that Medicaid doesn't lose sight of its design, which is to serve the most vulnerable among us who can't afford access to quality healthcare. It provides them that access--and better access--by providing flexibility to the States.  We know that the States and the Federal Government spend an awful lot of money on Medicaid. In Texas, for example, my State spent close to one-third of its budget on Medicaid last year--one-third of all State spending--and it is uncapped, so it goes up every year by leaps and bounds. Under the American Health Care Act, Medicaid will be tied to the number of people in the State using it, a per capita rate, which makes sense, and it represents the first major overhaul of the program in decades.  ObamaCare left us with unchecked government spending, more taxes, and fewer healthcare options. This bill is the opposite of ObamaCare in every way. It will control spending in a commonsense way, it will repeal ObamaCare's taxes and the individual and employer mandate, and it will provide more flexible free market options for families across the country. That is not just a bumper sticker or advertisement; that is actually what is contained in the legislation.  I look forward to working with my colleagues in the House, in the Senate, and in the Trump administration to get this done in the next few weeks.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  