 It was coauthored by a Harvard professor of social epidemiology, two medical students who graduated from Harvard's T.H. Chan School of Public Health, and two policy specialists at the Center for American Progress. I won't go through all of the details, but I will say this, quoting from PolitiFact:       The Harvard-Center for American Progress study projected      that there would be one excess death for every 830 people who      lose coverage as a result of the AHCA.  The Republican bill.       Using Congressional Budget Office projections of the impact      of the House version of the bill, the authors estimated an      additional 217,000 deaths over the next decade, or 21,700 per      year.  That is not Bernie Sanders; that is a study done at Harvard.       The second piece of evidence Sanders' office cited was an      op-ed by yet more health policy specialists who are      affiliated with Harvard--David Himmelstein and Steffie      Woolhandler, who are professors of public health at Hunter      College-City University of New York as well as lecturers at      Harvard Medical School.       Adapting the findings of the 2012 study to a scenario in      which 20 million Americans lost coverage--which turned out to      be lower than what the CBO found for the House bill--  They estimated 23 million would lose coverage--       Himmelstein and Woolhandler estimated that there would be      43,956 deaths annually due to the GOP's health policy      changes.  Quoting again from PolitiFact:       So can Sanders' assertion be supported by the peer-reviewed      literature alone?  Then they cite some studies.       In 2002, a panel of more than a dozen medical specialists      convened by the federally chartered Institute of Medicine      estimated that 18,000 Americans had died in the year 2000      because they were uninsured. In January 2008, Stan Dorn, a      senior research associate at the Urban Institute, published a      paper that sought to update the IOM study with newer data.      Replicating the study's methodology, Dorn concluded that the      figure should be increased to 22,000.       A 2009 American Journal of Public Health study concluded      that a lack of health insurance ``is associated with as many      as 44,789 deaths in the United States, more than those caused      by kidney disease.''  And on and on it goes. This is not Bernie Sanders talking; this is scientific and medical study after medical study saying what is obvious--that if you have a life-threatening disease and cannot get healthcare, you will die.  So I would hope that my Republican colleagues, as they vote tomorrow, understand the consequences of their vote. I know no Republican--nobody here--wants to see anybody die, but when you take 23 million people off of the health insurance they have, many thousands of those people will die.  I think most Americans would think that when you are dealing with anissue like healthcare, which impacts, by definition, every single person in our country, and when you are dealing with an issue that impacts about one-sixth of the American economy--over $3 trillion a year--that you just might want to have some serious discussions on that issue. You might want to ask--here is a radical idea--doctors what they think about this legislation. What is it going to mean to their patients? Wow, that is a pretty radical idea when dealing with healthcare for all the American people. You might want to have one hearing, maybe, and say to doctors: Doctors, what do you think about this bill?  What about hospitals? How will this bill impact hospitals, especially rural hospitals in Vermont, Virginia, and all across this country? You might want to talk to a hospital administrator. You might want to talk to a patient advocate, maybe somebody from the American Cancer Society or somebody who is active in the diabetes effort. You just might want to talk to the experts on healthcare as to how this legislation might impact the work they do. But, amazingly, in an unprecedented way, this legislation was written behind closed doors. I think it was 12, 13 Republican Senators who wrote this bill. Most Republican Senators don't even know what is in this bill, let alone Democrats and let alone the American people.  How do you write legislation that impacts every American, one-sixth of the economy, and not have one public hearing to hear from those most knowledgeable about healthcare in America? But that is exactly what the Republican leadership has done. I know why they did that. It is not a secret. If you had a horrific piece of legislation, trust me, you would want as little public discussion as possible. You would try to hide what this bill does. I understand that. Yet, despite all of that, it turns out that virtually every major healthcare organization in America opposes this bill.  I don't know how you can go forward with legislation that has had zero public hearings, that is opposed overwhelmingly by the American people--last poll that I saw from USA TODAY had 12 percent support for this legislation--and go forward with legislation opposed by every major healthcare organization in America. This bill is opposed by the AARP, the largest senior group in America. It is opposed by the American Hospital Association, the American Medical Association, the American Cancer Society, the American Heart Association, the American Academy of Family Physicians, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American Psychiatric Association, the Federation of American Hospitals, the Catholic Health Association, the American Lung Association, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, the March of Dimes, the National MS society; and the American Nurses Association. In other words, virtually every major healthcare organization does not want to see this bill passed.  The American people overwhelmingly do not want to see this bill passed. So how come it might pass? People don't want it. Healthcare organizations don't want it. Who wants it? I will tell how wants it--people who are going to get tax breaks. They think it is a great idea. Billionaires who got $200 billion in tax breaks from the House bill think it is an extraordinary idea. So what if 23 million people lose their health insurance from the House bill. The top one percent will get $200 billion in tax breaks. Large healthcare corporations like it. The insurance companies and the drug companies are going to get a combined hundreds of billions of dollars.  I will tell you who else likes it: those people associated with the Koch brothers who are spending hundreds of millions of dollars on elections. They like it because their ideology, their philosophy is that government should play no role in the concerns of the American people. Mark my words--if this bill, which would cut Medicaid by $800 billion, passes, Medicare will be next. And in the House, they have already passed legislation that would voucherize Medicare. Social Security will not be far behind. That is the ideology of the Koch brothers and the people who fund the Republican Party. Their concern is with large campaign contributors, not the American people.  I hope very much that tomorrow when we assemble here--I gather in the afternoon--for a vote, the Republicans will think more about people in their own State, about their children, the elderly, the sick, and not just about their campaign contributors.  Thank you very much, Mr. President.  I yield the floor.  