 President, at last count, I think it was the Gallup poll that found 12 percent of the American people had confidence in the U.S. Congress. I think we are on our way tonight to single digits because in the modern history of this country there has never been a process as absurd as what we are seeing right here.  We are talking about legislation that impacts one-sixth of the American economy--over $3 trillion. We are talking about legislation, because it is healthcare, that impacts every man, woman, and child in this country.  Mr. President, maybe you can help me. How many public hearings have we had dealing with legislation that is of enormous significance to tens of millions of people? Well, I will help you with the answer: There have been zero hearings.  What impact will this legislation have on doctors who are trying to treat us every day? One might think that we would hear from the doctors of the American Medical Association to tell us how this legislation would impact their work. We have not had one public hearing to hear from one doctor.  What has the American Hospital Association had to say about how this legislation would impact rural hospitals in America, many of which may close down? They have not had one moment, one opportunity to say one word on this legislation.  We are proceeding here with major legislation written behind closed doors by a handful of Republicans. Most Republicans have not been involved in this process, let alone Democrats, let alone the American people.  By the way, when we think of the American people, how do they feel about this legislation? Well, the last poll that I saw was USA Today. They had 12 percent of the American people thinking that this legislation makes sense. Well, maybe the American people got it wrong. How do the major healthcare organizations in America feel about this legislation--the people who are on the cutting edge, the people who do the work every day? Well, guess what. The AMA, the American Medical Association, is opposed; the American Hospital Association is opposed; AARP, the largest senior group in America, is opposed because they know the horrendous impact this will have in raising premiums for older workers; the American Cancer Society is opposed; the American Heart Association is opposed; the American Academy of Family Physicians is opposed; the American Academy of Pediatrics is opposed; the American Psychiatric Association is opposed. Virtually every major national healthcare organization is opposed to this disastrous legislation.  So the American people are opposed, and the healthcare organizations all across this country are opposed. The bill was written behind closed doors. Yet, under those circumstances, they want to bring it to the floor for a vote.  Now, what most Americans are sitting around and thinking--they are saying: Look, the Affordable Care Act has done some good things. Before the Affordable Care Act, we had some 50 million people without any health insurance. The Affordable Care Act provided insurance for about 20 million people. That is no small thing.  In the majority leader's own State of Kentucky, the rate of uninsured went from 20 percent down to 7 percent. That is pretty good--not great, but it is pretty good. In West Virginia, the rate of uninsured went way down. We have seen 20 million people gain insurance. We have dealt with the Affordable Care Act under a total obscenity; that is, if somebody had a serious illness--breast cancer, diabetes--they could not get insurance at an affordable cost because of a preexisting condition. How insane is that? The American people said that is nonsense. What is the function of insurance if not to cover us when we need it the most for those illnesses that we have had? We ended that absurdity. That was a good thing. The Affordable Care Act has done other very important things.  Have you heard one Member of this body say that the Affordable Care Act is perfect? Have you heard one person here say that the Affordable Care Act does not need to be improved? Of course, it does. Right now, throughout this country--in my State of Vermont and all over this country--deductibles are too high. I have talked to people with $5,000, $10,000 deductibles. They can't go to the doctor when they should. We have to lower deductibles. Copayments are too high. Premiums are too high.  I will tell you something else. Donald Trump ran for President, and he campaigned, and he said: I am going to stand with the working people of this country. Prescription drug costs are too high. I am going to take on the pharmaceutical industry. We are going to lower prescription drug costs in America. Today, if you can believe it, one out of five Americans under 65 cannot afford to fill the prescription their doctors write. Today, somebody walked into a pharmacy and found that the cost of the medicine they have been using for 10 years has doubled, maybe tripled, because we have no legislation that stops the drug companies from charging us anything they want. And they will charge us anything they want. The result is, we have the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.  Those are the problems that the American people want answers to: Deductibles are too high, premiums are too high, copayments are too high, and prescription drug costs are too high. We are not doing enough good work in primary healthcare. Too many people, even with insurance, cannot find the doctors they need. There are many other problems. Those are what the American people want us to solve.  This legislation only makes a very bad situation worse. How do you improve healthcare in America when you throw 16 million people off of the health insurance they currently have? How do you improve healthcare in America when, according to the CBO, premiums are going to go up 20 percent every year? Let's get that clear: 20 percent on January 1, another 20 percent the following year--that is 40 percent--and another 20 percent the year after. Do you think this is really improving healthcare, bringing freedom to the American people? I think not.  So what is the solution? The solution is--I know this is a radical idea--that maybe we should do what the American people want us to do and not what special, powerful interests want, not what billionaire campaign contributors want--whose rightwing ideology wants to end government services for working families all across this country.  I hope that we will have the common sense and the decency to sit down, throw the problems on the table, and then resolve them. I think we can do that. That is why we have to end this absurd process. We have to go back to regular order, which simply means go back to the committee.  I am a member of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. Let's have that discussion. Let's hear different ideas. Let's solve problems. Let us not make a bad situation worse, and let us not make the American people even feel more contemptuous of this institution than they currently do.  Thank you.  I yield the floor.  