 It is not just a theory I have. These numbers were put right into the budget passed by the Senate, which called for a trillion-dollar cut in Medicaid, then a $470 billion cut in Medicare, and massive cuts to other programs.  Let's not even talk about the budget of several months ago. Let's just talk about what our colleague Senator Marco Rubio yesterday--yesterday--told a group of Wall Street lobbyists.  Let me quote Senator Rubio. He said:       Many argue that you can't cut taxes because it will drive      up the deficit. But we have to do two things. We have to      generate economic growth which generates revenue, while      reducing spending. That will mean instituting structural      changes to Social Security and Medicare for the future.  That was what Senator Rubio said yesterday.  Well, let me translate what Senator Rubio said yesterday and what Speaker Paul Ryan has been saying. It is not theoretical. What they are saying is exactly what will happen. I hope that the senior citizens all over this country, people who are trying to get by on $13,000 a year on Social Security, people who are trying to get by on disability, people who are dependent on Medicaid for their insurance to help them stay alive when they combat life-threatening diseases like cancer or heart disease, people in America who are struggling today to put food on the table, and working families who are trying to figure out how possibly they might be able to send their kids to college will listen up because they are virtually admitting--they are telling us--that they are going to come back and cut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid.  Yesterday, I made a challenge. I said to my Republican colleagues: If I am wrong, and it is not your intention to come back here and cut Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and education, please come down to the floor and tell me I am wrong. Tell me you have no intention to do that. I will apologize to you.  Well, we have not heard any Senators come down to the floor to tell us they will not cut Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and other programs. In fact, off the floor Senator Rubio indicated that that is exactly what they intend to do.  Let's be clear. We are not just talking here about a tax bill. That is a disaster unto itself. That is a massive--  