 President, tonight is an important night because it allows what is very rare here in the Senate--for Members of the body to bring forth amendments and ideas that are very important to them, and that, unfortunately, don't often get debated or voted upon here on the floor.  I know I speak for virtually all Democrats in saying that we have deep concern about the Republican proposal that would repeal the Affordable Care Act without having any alternative plan in place. We think the idea of throwing some 30 million Americans off of the health insurance they have and significantly reducing funding for Medicaid will not only be very, very problematic for lower income people but also impact middle-class people who depend upon Medicaid to help pay for the nursing home care their parents get. We are deeply concerned about the possible privatization of Medicare, making Medicare into a voucher program. We are concerned about the increase in prescription drug costs for seniors that would occur. If the Affordable Care Act were repealed, seniors would have to pay far more than they are paying right now, at a time when many seniors cannot today afford the high cost of prescription drugs. What we find is outrageous is that, in the midst of all these attacks on the middle class and working families of this country, the Republican repeal of the Affordable Care Act would end up providing hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks for the top 2 percent. I believe there are very few people in America who think we should devastate the health care programs that millions of Americans depend upon and at the same time give huge tax breaks to the very, very wealthy.  Tonight we are going to hear a number of Senators on the Democratic side come down to the floor and offer very, very important amendments which I hope can receive bipartisan support.  We are going to hear Senator Manchin talk about the need to protect rural health. As a Senator from a rural State, I understand very clearly that if the Affordable Care Act is repealed, it will be devastating to rural hospitals all across this country.  Senator Nelson is going to talk about the high cost of prescription drugs and what the repeal of the Affordable Care Act would mean in raising prescription drug prices. Senator Baldwin will be talking about the need to make sure that, as is currently the case, young people 26 years of age or younger can continue to stay on their parents' health insurance. Senator Tester is going to be offering an amendment which will oppose limiting veterans' ability to choose.  I will be offering an amendment making certain the people in our country do not have to pay more for medicine than the people in Canada and in other countries. Senator Casey is concerned about protecting individuals with disabilities and chronic conditions. Senator King is concerned about protecting health insurance for people, many of whom are working in very dangerous occupations.  Senator Menendez is concerned about protecting Medicaid expansion. Millions of Americans have received health care, in some cases for the first time in their lives because we were able to expand Medicaid.  Senator Gillibrand is concerned about protecting women's health. The Affordable Care Act has gone a long way in terms of equity for women, in terms of the health care they receive, and I hope nobody wants to see that disappear.  Senator Manchin will address a very important issue about the opiate epidemic that exists in West Virginia and all across this country.  Senator Stabenow will be speaking about the need to protect mental health services. We have a major crisis in mental health care in this country. We need to do a lot more than we are currently doing, and we certainly do not need to do less.  Senators Cantwell and Carper will be talking about the need to protect delivery system reform. Senator Brown will be talking about the need to protect the Children's Health Insurance Program. Senator Coons will be talking about the need to make sure there are no limits on the health insurance people with serious illnesses receive.  So there are a lot of very, very important amendments that will be offered, and I look forward to an interesting evening of discussion.  I would just conclude my remarks to say that I find it beyond comprehension that at a time when we are the only major country on Earth not to guarantee health care to all of our people--we are the only one--that at a time when we pay significantly more per capita for health care than do the people of any other nation, that at a time when we pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs--what we need is to have a health care system that protects the needs of the middle class and working families of our country, not just the insurance companies and not just the drug companies. In fact, the votes tonight are really about whether we are prepared to stand up for ordinary Americans or whether we are going to continue to kowtow to the insurance industry and the pharmaceutical industry.  I yield the floor.  