Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, S. 167 includes several intellectual property-related measures that were considered during the previous Congress, but were unable to be acted on by both Houses prior to adjournment.  Notably, this legislation addresses the growing desire of parents to be able to control what their children see in the privacy of their own homes. One component of this legislation, the Family Movie Act, clarifies that existing copyright and trademark law cannot be used to prevent a parent from utilizing available technology to skip over portions of a movie they may find objectionable.  The legislation also addresses the rampant piracy problem facing our Nation's creative community. New technologies have made theft and duplication of copyrighted works easier than ever before. The number of pirated films continues to increase, causing severe harm to the bottom line of our Nation's copyright holders. Additionally, the theft, duplication and mass distribution of copyrighted works represents a drain on our economy, shrinking the global demand for legitimately acquired works.  By setting forth Federal criminal penalties, this legislation addresses the serious problem of individuals using camcorders to record recently released movies that are then copied and sold on the black market. Additionally, this legislation establishes criminal penalties for the distribution of a copyrighted computer program, musical work or motion picture by making it available on a computer network accessible to members of the public if the person knew, or should have known, that the work was a copyrighted work intended for commercial distribution.  Finally, this legislation reauthorizes the Film Preservation Board at the Library of Congress and corrects a technical error in the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act that had the unintended effect of limiting the ability of libraries and archives to access older copyrighted works.  Mr. Speaker, I urge the Members to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  