Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, I believe that the debate that has gone on in this House for the better part of the last hour has very clearly shown the dangerous consequences of the majority opinion in the Kelo case. It is a decision that will have profound impact in terms of the relationship of the owners of private property with their government in this country for years to come, unless we take immediate action to limit or even reverse those consequences.  I would point out that the property that is probably the most at risk under the Kelo case is that which belongs to our religious institutions and other organizations that have been granted tax exempt status pursuant to State law.  The Kelo case holding essentially says that if a municipality can get more tax revenue out of a condemnation and sale to another private party, then the public purpose clause of the fifth amendment to the United States Constitution no longer applies. And what property is most vulnerable to that erroneous interpretation, but property which is tax exempt, belonging to our churches, our synagogues, our mosques, our private schools, our fraternal societies, and any other organization that has gotten a tax exemption because the legislature has determined that the public policy of the State is advanced by the granting of that exemption.  I believe that this decision may have the same effect in the long term as the Dred Scott decision, which started a civil war in our country because the Supreme Court made a serious mistake in the 1850s.  This resolution is the first step to express the outrage of Congress and the fact that Congress is standing up to protect the private property rights of the citizens who vote to send us to this Congress to act in their name.  The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers) and I have introduced H.R. 3135, which takes away the Federal funding of municipalities that wish to use taxpayer dollars for this perverse purpose. There is a cosponsor sheet that I will have on the desk for those that wish to be a part of the crusade to legislate taking away Federal funding to municipalities and States that wish to do this.  We are on a crusade here. I would urge an ``aye'' vote on the resolution, but the Committee on the Judiciary will be very active in making sure that the door to the Federal Treasury is locked shut and locked shut tight so that no municipality will be coming to Washington to ask for money to finance goofy condemnations like the Supreme Court upheld in the Kelo case.  