Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I rise in opposition to the Scott amendment which eliminates the death penalty for the killing of a federally funded public safety officer, such as a judge, police officer, firefighter, prosecutor, or a family member of a public safety officer.  According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, 52 law enforcement officers were feloniously killed in the United States in 2003 and 56 officers were killed in the previous year.  In the 10-year period from 1994 through 2003, a total of 616 law enforcement officers were feloniously killed in the line of duty in the United States, 100 of whom were killed in ambush situations, entrapment or premeditated situations. If not for the advent of bulletproof vests, an additional 400 officers would have been killed over the last decade, except for the fact that they were wearing protective armor.  Of those responsible for killing police officers between 1994 and 2003, 521 had a prior criminal arrest, including 153 who had a prior arrest for assaulting a police officer or resisting arrest, 264 for a crime of violence, 230 for a weapons violation, and 23 for murder.  Recent events include the killing of an individual with a grenade in the Seattle Federal courthouse; the killing of Judge Roland Barnes, his deputy sheriff and a Federal agent in Atlanta; the murders of Federal Judge Lefkow's husband and mother; and the murders immediately outside the Tyler, Texas, courthouse.  These recent attacks follow on the heels of the 1998 bombing of Circuit Judge Robert Vance in the 11th Circuit; the 1998 shooting of Judge Daronoco; and the 1979 shooting of Judge Wood outside his San Antonio home.  According to the Administrative Office, there are almost 700 threats a year made against Federal judges, and security detail have had to be assigned to those Federal judges because of the threats of attacks.  The Secure Access bill authorizes, but does not require prosecution of federally funded State and local judges and first responders if there is a threat or an assault against them.  First, jurisdiction only exists when it involves Federal funding and protection of Federal investment.  Second, under current Federal law, the Department of Justice pays survivor benefits to families of first responders who are killed in the line of duty. The Federal interest in minimizing these assaults and murders is obvious and cost-saving.  The intent underlying this provision is to authorize Federal prosecution after State and local prosecutors and Federal prosecutors determine where such prosecution would best be brought. Some States do not have a death penalty and Federal prosecution of a cop killer may be warranted. Federal prosecution may be advantageous over State or local prosecutions for a variety of reasons, such as laws relating to evidence, statute of limitations, or other reasons.  The provisions do not require Federal prosecution, but only add another tool in the arsenal to protect law enforcement officers, judges, and other courthouse personnel.  The need for a swift and effective death penalty is significant in the case of violent offenders who assault and kill law enforcement officers, judges and witnesses. Several scientifically valid statistical studies that examine a period of years and control for national trends consistently show that capital punishment is a substantial deterrent and saves lives. Recent estimates show that each execution deters 18 murders.  I urge a ``no'' vote on the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  