Speaker, I wish to include in the Congressional Record an explanation for my decision not to participate in legislative consideration of H.R. 5, the ``Help Efficient, Accessible, Low-Cost, Timely Healthcare (`HEALTH') Act of 2005.''  House Rule III(1) states:       Every Member . . . shall vote on each question put, unless      he has a direct personal or pecuniary interest in the event      of such question.  House precedents establish that ``where the subject matter before the House affects a class rather than individuals, the personal interest of Members who belong to the class is not such as to disqualify them from voting.''  As a result, House precedent has held that a Member's ownership of commonstock in a corporation, ``was not, under House precedents, sufficient to disqualify him from voting on'' legislation that benefitted the corporation in which that Member held stock.  I currently own shares in at least two corporations that may benefit from the enactment of H.R. 5. Shares of these corporations are generally held, and do not represent ``uniquely-held'' financial interests. As a result, my participation in legislative consideration of H.R. 5 would not appear to violate current House Rules and established precedent. However, as in all matters susceptible to subjective examination, there are no bright line rules to determine whether a Member should not participate in legislation that may benefit that Member in a personal or financial manner.  In common parlance, the term ``conflict of interest'' is subject to various interpretations. However, the House Ethics Manual states that this term ``is limited in meaning; it denotes a situation in which an official's conduct of his office conflicts with his private economic affairs.''  The House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct has admonished all Members ``to avoid situations in which even an inference might be drawn suggesting improper action.''  The Committee on Standards and Ethics has also endorsed the principle that ``each individual Member has the responsibility of deciding for himself whether his personal interest in pending legislation requires that he abstain from voting.'' I have concluded that my holdings in at least two corporations that may benefit if H.R. 5 is enacted into law, coupled with my Chairmanship of the Committee of primary jurisdiction over this legislation, raise legitimate questions concerning whether my participation in this legislation conflicts with my private economic affairs.  While this may be a gray area, questions concerning whether my participation in legislation may raise the appearance of a conflict of interest must be subject to no doubt. As a result, I wish to forcefully dispel any appearance of such a conflict by recusing myself from legislative consideration of H.R. 5.  Participation in the political process, particularly voting on legislation, is central to maintaining the official responsibilities to which Members of Congress are sworn. In all of my public life, I have striven to energetically and conscientiously discharge my official responsibilities while preserving the public trust and confidence I have been elected to uphold.  While House rules may provide an important benchmark for determining the propriety of a Member's decision to vote on legislation before the House, nothing can substitute for a Member's conscience. For this reason, I hereby recuse myself from participation in legislative consideration of H.R. 5 during the 109th Congress.  