Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment.  The amendment acknowledges that immigration fraud has become endemic and, even more seriously, that internal corruption at U. S. Citizenship and Immigration Services threatens the national security and erodes the integrity of our immigration system.  The extent and seriousness of the problem was brought to light in a closed bipartisan session of the Subcommittee on Immigration, Border Security and Claims of the Judiciary Committee earlier this year. Although the serious allegations and investigations discussed there cannot be discussed in the open, I urge my colleagues in the strongest terms to pass this important amendment.  The ease with which unscrupulous immigration officials can be tempted to issue visas or benefits in return for money, goods, or favors was brought to light a month ago with the issuance of a Government Accountability Office report on consular malfeasance. In that report, it was revealed that the Diplomatic Security Service had investigated 28 cases of visa selling by State Department employees in the last few years. Those were only the cases that were discovered in the some 200 consular sections located abroad. U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services conducts its application processing in the United States, and yet thousands of allegations of misconduct, some involving criminal acts and foreign influence, have yet to be investigated because of lack of focus, resources, and confusion of sub-agency jurisdiction.  This amendment would ensure that an internal law enforcement division within U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services would receive, process, and investigate allegations of misconduct and internal corruption in a timely manner. To fund this office, a $10 fee will be charged to all visa applicants.  The amendment would also provide that the Director of the division would have the authority to subpoena documents, reports, and data, and to appoint such officers as necessary to carry out the internal affairs functions.  I urge my colleagues to support this very important amendment.  