Chairman, I would like to make three points.  First, under the 60-day time frame proposed by the gentlewoman's amendment, the time under the War Powers Act for Congress to make a decision following an attack will have expired and, consequently, less than the full House will make the important decisions relative to under what circumstances American troops will be committed overseas. Under the 49-day time limit, that problem will not exist because the House will be reconstituted and repopulated before the War Powers Act limitation expires.  Secondly, the purpose of this bill is to require special elections to be held in those States with slower special election processes, to be held as quickly as possible within the 49-day period. The gentlewoman from California has read parts of the letter that Mr. Kennedy, who is the Executive Director of the Wisconsin Elections Board has written. I would respond to that simply by saying if Virginia repopulates the House, or its delegation to the House within 12 days and it takes at least 62 days for Wisconsin to do so, 50 days will elapse, or almost 2 months will elapse while Wisconsin has either a reduced or no delegation in the House, but the House keeps on legislating. And that is not fair to the people of my State, and it is not fair to the people of the other States, including the gentlewoman from California's own State that have relatively slow special election procedures.  So that is why this bill is here, is to speed up the process by which States can fill up their delegations to the House so that they will be fully represented when important decisions are made. And should this bill go down and the slow States continue to be really slow, then their delegations will either be nonexistent or have a relatively few number of Members.  Now, the final point I would like to make is that we have heard everybody who is against this bill say that this is too fast and too slow. Well, to speed up the process of repopulating the House, quicker than when special elections can be held, will require a constitutional amendment. We did debate a constitutional amendment and it was defeated by a vote of 63 ayes to 350-plus noes. This House is firmly on record against an appointment procedure however it is done.  So now we have to figure out how to make the special election procedure occur as quickly as possible and yet maintain fairness. The 49 days required under this bill is the way to do it to get people here to make important decisions under the War Powers Act. Sixty days or a longer period of time simply will not cut it. Defeat the amendment and pass the bill.  