Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Pope John Paul II, a moral, political, and religious leader who helped re-shape the Catholic Church and the entire world.  The story of a small town boy from Poland, who grew up to become one of the longest serving and most influential Popes in history, is an inspiration. He survived the destruction of his homeland first by Nazi invaders, and then by Communist occupiers, despite his strong commitment to a religion those powers despised.  During World War II, Pope John Paul II was forced to attend an underground seminary to further his religious education, and as a priest he needed to be constantly mindful of Poland's communist regime. Yet, when he was asked if he feared retribution from the government, he replied, ``I'm not afraid of them. They are afraid of me.''  Once he became Pope, however, His Holiness was able to come to the aid of others fighting for freedom and human rights. His support for the Solidarity movement in Poland and opposition to communists and dictators around the globe remade our world. When he became Pope in 1978, communism had a stranglehold on Eastern Europe and was on the march around the globe. As Pope, he encouraged opposition movements and gave hope and guidance to millions in their struggle. Thanks in large part to his leadership, in 2005, at the close of his papacy, communism is confined to the dustbin of history, and it is freedom that is on the march.  Not only did Pope John Paul II lead political change, but he encouraged moral change as well. In 1981, when a Turk named Mehmet Ali Agca shot the Pope twice in an assassination attempt, the Pope later went to the cell of the man who tried to kill him, and personally forgave him. By both preaching and practicing forgiveness, Pope John Paul II demonstrated the enormous potential of human kindness.  In a time when many leaders look to the polls and test political winds for guidance, Pope John Paul II stood unflinching at the center of the most controversial moral debates of our time, and held firm, while always supporting the sanctity and dignity of human life. His presence will be sorely missed, but his accomplishments will long be relished.  May God bless his soul.  