Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 744, the Internet Spyware Prevention Act of 2005. This legislation clarifies and enhances criminal penalties and provides additional tools to prosecute and deter those who utilize spyware and phishing schemes to engage in illegal behavior online.  Since its inception, the Internet has been transformed from an obscure research tool into an electronic medium of unprecedented reach. The impressive growth of the Internet has been facilitated by technology that has customized the online experience of Internet users. However, the same software and technology innovations that have enhanced and personalized usage of the Internet can also provide opportunities for privacy violations and criminal behavior.  This bill establishes strong criminal penalties for those who engage in online criminal behavior using spyware programs and phishing schemes. This legislation enhances criminal penalties for those who obtain personally identifiable information, including a Social Security number or other government-issued identification number or a bank or credit card number with the intent to defraud or injure a person or cause damage to a protected computer.  The bill also authorizes appropriations for the Justice Department to crack down on spyware, phishing, and other online schemes.  As we consider this legislation, Congress must be mindful that there is no single legal regulatory or technological silver bullet to end spyware or phishing. Greater consumer awareness and utilization of commercially available countermeasures are part of the solution. Congressional efforts to curb spyware and phishing are most likely to succeed if we focus on deterring and prosecuting illegal and abusive online behavior, rather than imposing burdensome requirements upon a medium whose growth can largely be attributed to the refusal of the Federal Government to heavily regulate it.  H.R. 744 does not impose a new statutory or regulatory regime that dictates the appearance of a computer's user screen, nor does it degrade the online experience by requiring that Internet users be bombarded with incessant notices. Most importantly, it does not represent a heavy-handed government mandate that may present a greater danger to the Internet than it seeks to correct. Rather, the bill preserves and promotes the integrity of the Internet by increasing criminal penalties for those who employ it to engage in abusive and illegal online activities.  Targeted legislation tailored to address illegal online activity rather than an invasive regulatory regime with unknown consequences represents the right approach to addressing the problems associated with spyware and phishing. Congress ratified this approach by passing substantially similar legislation last Congress by a vote of 415-0.  I would like to thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Goodlatte), the author and lead proponent of H.R. 744 for his leadership on this issue. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  