Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 4128, the Private Property Rights Restoration Act, overwhelmingly bipartisan legislation I introduced along with Agriculture Committee Chairman Goodlatte and Judiciary Ranking Member Conyers.  On June 23, the Supreme Court in a 5 to 4 decision in the case of Kelo v. City of New London transformed established constitutional principles when it held that the fifth amendment's public use clause permitted government to seize the private property of one small homeowner and to give it to a large corporation for a private business use.  As the dissent in that case made clear, under the majority's opinion: ``Any property may now be taken for the benefit of another private party. The government now has the license to transfer property from those with fewer resources to those with more. The Founders cannot have intended this perverse result.''  Reaction to the Kelo decision has united strong opposition from across the political, ideological, and socioeconomic spectrum. The NAACP and the AARP faulted Kelo's failing reasoning by stating: ``The takings that result from the Court's decision will disproportionately affect and harm the economically disadvantaged and, in particular, racial and ethnic minorities and the elderly.''  Representatives of religious organizations have also condemned the failed logic of the Kelo Court, stating: ``Houses of worship and other religious institutions are, by their very nature, nonprofit and almost universally tax exempt. These fundamental characteristics of religious institutions render their property singularly vulnerable to being taken under the rationale approved by the Supreme Court.''  Public reaction to the Kelo decision has also been swift and strong. The protection of private property rights is the number one issue that concerns Americans today, according to a Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll; and by an 11-to-1 margin, Americans say they oppose the taking of private property for private uses, even if it is for the public economic good.  According to an American Survey poll: ``Public support for limiting the power of eminent domain is robust and cuts across demographic and partisan groups.'' Even Justice John Paul Stevens, who authored the Court's 5 to 4 decision, recently acknowledged that if he were a legislator, he would oppose the results of his own ruling by working to change current law. That is what we are doing here today, working to change current law.  A week after the Supreme Court's now notorious Kelo decision, I introduced H.R. 3135, the Private Property Rights Protection Act, to help restore Americans' property rights the Supreme Court took away. On October 25, I introduced an even stronger version of the bill which we are considering today, which has benefited greatly from the contributions of Ranking Member Conyers, Ms. Waters, Mr. Goodlatte, and others, including Mr. Cannon and Mr. Flake.  H.R. 4128 helps restore the property rights of all Americans by establishing a penalty for States and localities that abuse their eminent domain power by denying those States and localities that commit such abuse all Federal economic development funds for a period of 2 years. Under this legislation, there is a clear connection between the Federal funds that would be denied and the abuse Congress is intending to prevent. If States and localities abuse their eminent domain power by using economic development as a rationale for a taking, they shall not receive Federal economic development funds that could contribute to similarly abusive land grabs.  I am very mindful of the long history of eminent domain abuses, particularly in low-income and often predominantly minority neighborhoods, and the need to stop it. I am also very mindful of the reasons we should allow the government to take land when the way in which the land is being used constitutes an immediate threat to public health and safety. I believe this bill accomplishes both goals.  The legislation contains an express private right of action to make certain that those suffering injuries from a violation of the bill will be allowed to access the State or Federal court to enforce its provisions and includes a fee-shifting provision, identical to those in other civil rights laws, that permits the recovery of attorney and other litigation fees to prevailing property owners. The legislation gives the States and localities the clear opportunity to cure any violation before they lose any Federal economic development funds by either returning or replacing the improperly taken property to the property owner.  H.R. 4128 also includes carefully crafted refinements of the definition of ``economic development'' that specifically allow the types of takings that, prior to the Kelo decision, had achieved a consensus as to their appropriateness. These include takings in which the public itself owns the property, where the property is used by a common carrier or public utility, and for related infrastructure like pipelines, and where the property is abandoned.  Finally, in order to facilitate State compliance with its terms, the bill will not become effective until the start of the first fiscal year following enactment of the legislation, nor would it apply to any project for which condemnation proceedings have begun prior to its enactment.  Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this vital bipartisan legislation that will protect the property rights of the most vulnerable in our society and limit the effect of the now notorious Kelo decision.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  