Speaker, the motion to recommit creates a blanket exemption from the bill's needs-based test, and I do not think that that is necessary because it would exempt a wealthy debtor from the needs-based test solely based on the debtor's military service. People who fall behind the lines of the needs-based test will continue to have bankruptcy protection under chapter 7 as is provided in the current law. The bill also contains an exception from the needs-based test for disabled veterans who incurred indebtedness while on active duty.  CRS and even the New York Times recognized that the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act of 2003 provides a broad spectrum of protection to servicemembers, their spouses and their dependents; and the revised statute, according to the New York Times, is clearer and more protective than the old one. The Times also recognized that the news was apparently slow in reaching those who would have to interpret and enforce the law, which apparently includes the people who are offering this motion to recommit.  Let me summarize. Already there is in law, signed by President Bush in 2003, we have responded to the special financial burdens that members of the military may encounter. CRS has said the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act provides protection for servicemembers in the event their military service impedes their ability to meet financial obligations incurred before their entry into active military service, as well as during that service. There is a cap on the interest rates of 6 percent. It clarifies that the balance of interest for the period of the servicemember's military service is to be forgiven by the lender.  There are protections against evictions from rental property or foreclosures on mortgaged property. There are restrictions on cancellation of life insurance and more flexible options to allow servicemembers on active duty to terminate residential and automobile leases.  We do not need this motion to recommit. Congress has already passed a law that provides those types of protections. The motion to recommit should be defeated, and the bill should be passed.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  