Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4437, the Border Security, Antiterterrorism, and Illegal Immigration Control Act of 2005.  Mr. Chairman, our Nation has lost control of its borders, which has resulted in a sharp increase in illegal immigration and has left us vulnerable to infiltration by terrorists and criminals. Estimates indicate that there are currently more than 10 million illegal aliens already here, and that population continues to grow by an estimated half million additional aliens each year.  Large majorities of Americans support efforts to restore the security of our Nation's borders and to assure accountability of those who illegally enter the United States. America is a compassionate Nation that welcomes legal immigrants from all corners of the world. But it is also a Nation of laws. These concepts are not mutually exclusive, and H.R. 4437 reflects this.  This legislation, which I introduced with Homeland Security Committee Chairman King, will diminish the lure of higher-wage employment that drives illegal entry into the United States while enhancing border security. This legislation will re-establish respect for our laws by holding violators accountable, including human traffickers, employers who hire illegal aliens, and alien gang members who terrorize communities throughout the country.  I am pleased that this bill incorporates vital border security provisions from legislation reported by the Committee on Homeland Security and congratulate Chairman King for his committee's important role in drafting this component of the bill.  H.R. 4437 will deliver on the unkept promise of the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 by providing employers with a reliable method of determining whether their employees are eligible to work. The bill expands on the premise of Representative Calvert's legislation, H.R. 19, to build upon a successful pilot program that currently enables employers to verify the employment eligibility of their workers. Currently, employer participation in this program is on a voluntary basis. Within 2 years, this bill provides that all employers must check new hires against this database.  The bill also increases penalties for alien smuggling. Those who suffer most from alien smuggling are often the most vulnerable and desperate, entering the country in perilous conditions that sometimes result in injury or even death.  Moreover, debts owed to alien smugglers by those transported into the country illegally often create a form of indentured servitude that enriches criminal syndicates. The GAO has found that convicted smugglers, including those responsible for death or serious injury, receive an average prison sentence of only 10 months. Only 10 months, far less than that imposed for transporting illegal drugs or committing other serious crimes. The bill corrects these disparities by increasing criminal penalties for alien smugglers.  The legislation also gets tough on alien members of violent street gangs. It incorporates H.R. 2933, the Alien Gang Removal Act, which was authored by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Forbes). Alien gangs are a threat to communities across the country and represent a problem that is international in scope. We should not have to wait until alien gang members commit violent crimes before we can remove them from our communities.  The legislation also increases penalties for previously deported aliens who illegally re-enter the United States. These provisions are incorporated from H.R. 3150, the Criminal Alien Accountability Act, introduced by the gentleman from California (Mr. Issa).  Another crucial provision of the legislation remedies the current situation in which the Department of Homeland Security is required to release dangerous alien criminals who cannot be deported. This has compelled the release of nearly 1,000 criminal aliens, including murderers and rapists, onto our streets. One such alien shot a New York state trooper. The legislation allows for the continued detention of these violent criminal aliens.  The bill also contains commonsense provisions that would bar aliens who are terrorists or security risks from being naturalized U.S. citizens, making aggravated felons inadmissible to the United States, and facilitate the deportation of aliens who sexually abuse minors.  Mr. Chairman, this legislation represents a critical step in helping to regain control of our borders and to prevent illegal immigration. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  