 Madam Speaker, the issue of national security letters was not in the PATRIOT Act that was enacted in 2001. They were enacted in 1986 in a bill that was written over in the other body.  This conference report puts procedural safeguards into national security letters even though they are not a part of the PATRIOT Act that was passed in 2001. It makes changes to all NSL provisions, not just electronic communications as the Senate wanted. It permits disclosure of NSLs to legal counsel and those necessary to comply with the letter. That is not in the law now.  It creates explicit access to judicial review of the government's request for records. It permits the reviewing court to modify or set aside the NSL if compliance would be unreasonable, oppressive or otherwise unlawful, the same standard for quashing a subpoena.  It permits judicial review of the nondisclosure requirement. It creates a 5-year felony criminal penalty for unauthorized disclosures of NSLs with intent to obstruct an investigation or judicial proceeding, just like the obstruction of justice statute. The 1-year misdemeanor for disclosure without intent to obstruct, that is not in the conference reports. That is out.  It requires the DOJ Inspector General to conduct two audits of the FBI's use of national security letters. One audit covers 2003 and 2004, the other 2005 and 2006. It requires the Attorney General and the director of national intelligence to submit to Congress a report on the feasibility of applying minimization procedures to NSL to ensure the protection of constitutional rights of United States persons, and it requires an annual public reporting on national security letters, including the aggregate number of requests made by the Justice Department for information concerning different U.S. persons.  Now, national security letters are not subject to the sunset. They are in the earlier law. If the argument that has been advanced by the gentleman from New York succeeds, all of the protections I have just described go down the drain with the rest of the bill.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  