Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment which would strike the provision added by the bill the gentleman from California (Mr. Daniel E. Lungren), mandating expedited removal for other than Mexican aliens apprehended after entering illegally within 14 days and 100 hundred miles of entry.  Unlike what the gentleman from New York (Mr. Nadler) said, the Lungren provision in this bill applies to land borders only, and it would not apply to asylum seekers who ask for asylum at the time they enter through a port of entry.  The provision that this amendment would strike is crucial to ending the current practice of catch and release of aliens along the southern border. While nationals of Mexico who are apprehended along the southern border can be returned to Mexico, the nationals of other countries cannot. Rather these aliens, known as OTMs, must be placed in removal proceedings which is a process that can take months. Because of a lack of detention space, most are released on the promise that they will show up for their adjudication.  Experience has shown that if OTMs are released to attend their removal proceedings, they will likely disappear. Of the 8,908 notices to appear at the immigration court at Harlingen, Texas, issued last year to OTMs, 8,767 failed to show up for their hearings, according to the statistics compiled by the Justice Departments's Executive Office of Immigration Review.  The fact that these aliens were able to enter illegally, be released and then disappear into society has encouraged even more OTMs to illegally enter. Arrests of non-Mexicans along the U.S.-Mexico border, which total 14,935 in 1995 and 28,598 in 2000, rose to 65,814 in fiscal year 2004.  As nationals of these countries have entered with impunity, they have encouraged others to do so also. The Lungren provision addresses the problem of catch and release by requiring DHS to remove these OTMs who are apprehended within 14 days of entry and 100 miles of the border through expedited procedures. This codifies DHS's current practices. By limiting the amount of time that aliens are in proceedings, these procedures allow DHS to use its limited detention space more effectively. This in turn ensures that more aliens can be detained, which discourages other aliens from attempting to enter illegally.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  