Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, we have had a pretty extensive debate on this motion to instruct. I think the motion to instruct is constructive and would urge the Members to support it.  On the other hand, after listening to the debate that has been going on here for the last 40 or 45 minutes or so, what we have heard from the people who have complained about the PATRIOT Act is the potential for abuse rather than abuse itself. I would point out that there is a potential for abuse of practically everything law enforcement does.  There is a tremendous amount of discretion that the law and the Constitution have given to our law enforcement personnel, to our prosecutors, to those who apply for search warrants as well as other tools that law enforcement utilizes to keep us safe and to try to track down those who commit crimes or who conspire to commit crimes or acts of terrorism.  I do not know why there seems to be a greater suspicion that law enforcement already abuses provisions under the PATRIOT Act rather than other provisions of law which are not sunset, including the national security letters, because the facts simply are not there that there has been abuse.  What I would like to ask the Members as we are debating the PATRIOT Act as it goes forward through conference and to the floor is to look at what the Justice Department has done; and where the Justice Department has done it right, the Justice Department should be told they have done it right. And that means eliminating the sunsets from those areas where it has done it right.  And where there has to be a greater scrutiny on it, such as the two provisions in the House-passed bill and the lone wolf provision that are being talked about, we can talk about future sunsets; and I support the concept of doing that.  But simply going around and painting with a broad brush the Justice Department for the potential of abuse which has not happened, I think, is unfair and does not go to the debate of whether the PATRIOT Act has actually served to protect the people of the United States without trampling on their civil liberties. It has done that.  That is why it is a good law and that is why some provisions should be made permanent and some provisions should be sunsetted to be looked at in the future.  Mr. Speaker, again I urge the Members to support the motion to instruct. When we come back with a conference report, I will urge the Members to support that as well.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  