Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, this is a poison pill to a very good and strongly supported bill; and regardless of whether or not one favors or opposes the Federal hate crimes law, I would ask the membership not to put highly controversial legislation of this nature on a bill that has attracted such strong and bipartisan support.  Earlier today, when we were considering the bill granting immunity from civil liability to Good Samaritans who are going down to help the victims of Hurricane Katrina, the Members of the minority party complained about the fact that there had been no hearings, there had been no committee consideration of this legislation, which is arguably of an emergency nature.  There have been no hearings. There have been no markups to this legislation, and we are talking about a major amendment to the Federal Criminal Code, one that poses constitutional problems of double jeopardy and whether Congress is exceeding its constitutional authority, which is something that should go through the regular order. I do not think the changes to the criminal code should be taken lightly.  Statistics on hate crimes prosecution should be fully considered in a very thoughtful way, including testimony that scholars have presented that says that hate crimes legislation actually increases those types of crimes, rather than decreases them.  We also should consider the case of United States v. Morrison, where the Supreme Court considered whether or not section 8 of the Commerce Clause or section 5 of the 14th amendment would allow Congress to enact a Federal civil remedy for victims of gender-motivated violence. There the Supreme Court said the Congress did not have the constitutional authority to do that.  I think both on the merits and on the process and on the practicalities of putting a controversial piece of legislation such as this amendment on a bill that has attracted broad and bipartisan support, this amendment should be strongly rejected. Do not kill the bill with this amendment. Vote it down.  