Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, the foundation of trademark law is that certain words, images, and logos convey meaningful information to the public, including the source, quality, and goodwill of a product or service. Unfortunately, there are those in both commercial and noncommercial settings who would seize upon the popularity of a trademark for their own purposes and at the expense of the rightful owner and the public. Dilution refers to conduct that lessens the distinctiveness and value of a mark. This conduct can debase the value of a famous mark and mislead the consuming public.  A 2003 Supreme Court decision, Moseley v. V Secret Catalogue, Inc., compelled the House Committee on the Judiciary's Subcommittee on Courts and Intellectual Property, during the last Congress, to review the Federal Trademark Dilution Act and a committee print to amend it. The contents of the bill before us, H.R. 683, were largely culled from that committee print.  H.R. 683 does not establish new precedent or break new ground. Rather, the bill represents a clarification of what Congress meant when it passed the dilution statute a decade ago. Enactment of this bill is necessary because it will eliminate confusion on key dilution issues that have increased litigation and resulted in uncertainty among the regional circuits.  The primary components of H.R. 683 include the following: one, subject to the principles of equity, the owner of a famous distinctive mark is entitled to an injunction against any person who commences use in commerce a mark that is likely to cause dilution by blurring or tarnishment.  Second, a mark may be ``famous'' only if it is widely recognized by the general consuming public in the United States as a source designation of the goods or services of the mark's owner.  Third, in determining whether a mark is famous, a court is permitted toconsider ``all relevant factors'' in addition to prescribed conditions set forth in the print, including the duration, extent, and geographic reach of advertising and publicity of the mark.  Fourth, H.R. 683 clarifies the definition of dilution by blurring, as well as by tarnishment.  Fifth, the bill enumerates specific defenses to a dilution action: comparative commercial advertising or promotion to identify competing goods; all forms of news reporting and news commentary; and traditional fair uses pertaining to parody, criticism, and commentary.  Sixth and finally, other than an action based on dilution by blurring, the owner of a famous mark is only entitled to injunctive relief under H.R. 683 if the defendant willfully intended to trade on the famous mark's recognition; or in an action based on dilution by tarnishment, the defendant willfully intended to trade on the famous mark's reputation.  In either case, the owner may seek damages, costs, and attorneys' fees as well as the destruction of the infringing articles under separate Lanham Act provisions.  In sum, this bill will provide greater guidance for courts when they adjudicate dilution cases and businesses that use trademarks. It is a good complement to the dilution statute that received more than 2 years of subcommittee process.  Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  