Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, I have listened to this debate intently; and the complaints that I have heard from people who are opposed to this bill, feelings that are sincerely held and emotions that are sincerely held is why are we picking on this one case, the case of Terri Schiavo?  That was not my desire in the beginning, and it was not the desire of the entire House of Representatives either.  Wednesday night the House passed H.R. 1332, which was a bill which I introduced that applied to everybody who is in an incapacitated state, a major protection for people who are disabled. Everybody who is disabled could get a Federal review of their Federal constitutional and legal rights, including that under the Americans With Disability Act.  We had a debate on the floor, and it passed unanimously. And there was a move in the other body to bring it up, and it was objected to; and that is why this issue was not resolved with a general law of general application. I hope we revisit that issue some time in the future so that we do not have to deal with a specific case again. But we are here because we could not get H.R. 1332 passed in the other body.  I also think this is an issue of priorities, priorities of what we put a higher priority on in terms of how we provide food and nourishment to living human beings. In Florida they have a statute number 828.12 that says if you do not feed an animal you can go to jail for a year and be fined $5,000. So in Florida an animal has a higher right than this woman, and that is a wrong priority, and this bill attempts to correct it.  No Federal court has agreed to hear Terri Schiavo's Federal claims while her State court remedies were not yet exhausted. Now that her State courts remedies are exhausted, she has only two means of obtaining Federal court review under current law.  The first means is in the lower Federal court through the habeas corpus statute, and the second is by petitioning the Supreme Court directly. First she can try to obtain habeas relief under the current Federal law. On Friday she was denied that relief by the Florida Federal District Court. That denial has been appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals which requested the briefs of her husband's lawyers by seven o'clock tonight. No one knows when the 11th circuit will make a final decision, and they may yet deny her habeas relief. So time is of the essence.  In any case, even if she is granted a habeas review of her case, she faces a major obstacle in that the Federal habeas corpus statute essentially requires the Federal court to defer to the State court's determination regarding the facts of this case. So even if the habeas petition is granted, the deck is stacked against her.  Second, Terri Schiavo's lawyers can try to obtain relief in the Supreme Court. So far her lawyers have petitioned for and been denied an emergency hearing. Her lawyers are currently pursuing an ordinary appeal directly to the Supreme Court, but that appeal process will extend for weeks at least; and in any case, her appeal will likely be denied because the Supreme Court will generally not take a case without a lower Federal court's first establishing a record.  The bottom line is that first, the 11th circuit may yet deny Terri Schiavo her habeas petition. Second, even if they granted it, she would likely lose her case under the very difficult procedural hurdles any habeas petitioner faces. Third, she has already been denied an emergency review by the Supreme Court. And, fourth, the ordinary review process in the Supreme Court will take far too long. She will probably die in the interim.  Consequently, Terri Schiavo's only hope is the current bill which will guarantee a fresh review of her case in the lower Federal court immediately, without any deference to State court determination and with the lower Federal court issuing a stay of the State court order until it can determine the Federal claims the court is required to hear under this bill on its merits.  That is what Terri Schiavo needs, and that is what this bill will get her, and that is why it should pass.  