 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1368, the United States Parole Commission Extension and Sentencing Commission Authority Act of 2005. This bill extends the Parole Commission for an additional 3 years and provides the Sentencing Commission with authority to adopt emergency guideline changes for obstruction of justice and anabolic steroids offenses.  Congress initially created the Parole Commission in 1976. However, with the creation of Federal sentencing guidelines, the Parole Commission was slated to expire 5 years after the new sentencing system was implemented.Since the enactment of the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, Congress has extended the Parole Commission on several occasions. Without further congressional action, the Parole Commission is currently scheduled to expire on October 31, 2005.  The Parole Commission is responsible for handling parole cases for offenders who were sentenced prior to the enactment of the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, which created the Sentencing Commission, and eventually led to the elimination of Federal parole for offenders sentenced after 1987. Additionally, in 1997, the Parole Commission was assigned responsibility for supervising offenders in the District of Columbia, which were previously supervised by the D.C. Board of Parole. Enacting this bill is necessary in order for the Parole Commission to continue to carry on these important functions.  The provisions in this bill relating to the Sentencing Commission's authority are needed to ensure that the Commission can expeditiously adopt new sentencing guidelines pursuant to two laws enacted during the previous Congress. Under this legislation, the Sentencing Commission will have 60 days to implement the new sentencing guidelines of section 6703 of the Intelligence Reform Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004, which increases penalties for obstruction of justice offenses involving international or domestic terrorism.  Additionally, this legislation directs the Commission within 180 days to amend the Federal sentencing guidelines to reflect the seriousness of steroid offenses in accordance with the Anabolic Steroid Control Act of 2004. Granting emergency amendment authority to the Commission in these two areas will permit the Commission to promulgate appropriate amendments as quickly as possible.  I urge my colleagues to support this measure.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  