Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4311, which would reauthorize a crucial judicial security measure. Under the Ethics in Government Act, judges and other high-level judicial branch officials must file annual disclosure reports. In the 105th Congress, we enacted the Identity Theft and Assumption Deterrence Act of 1998, which allows the Judicial Conference to redact statutorily required information in a financial disclosure report where the release of that information could endanger the filer or his or her family. This provision was extended for 4 years in the 107th Congress and is due to expire on December 31 of this year.  H.R. 4311 would permanently extend this important component of Federal judicial security. This legislation was recently passed on the House floor on November 9 by a vote of 375-45 as a provision of H.R. 1751; but since the other body has not taken up that bill, I have introduced this freestanding measure.  Judges today face a number of threats from convicted criminals seeking revenge against those who have presided over their trial to defendants seeking to influence a judge during a trial. In some cases, Federal judges and their families have been subject to more than just threats, as has been demonstrated by the murder of Judge Joan Lefkow's husband and elderly mother in their own home by a former plaintiff in Chicago earlier this year.  Since the authority was enacted in 1998 and renewed in 2001, Federal judges have been able to request the temporary redaction of some or all of the information on their disclosure forms. The Marshals Service must agree that the information on their disclosure forms could be used to harm the judge or his or her family in order for it to be redacted.  Disclosure information might seem to some to be an unlikely source of useful information to someone looking to harm a judge. That is a flawed assumption. For example, the fact that a judge's daughter has received a scholarship from a particular college must be reported on that judge's disclosure form. This information can then be used to identify the location of the judge's daughter.  Under this existing authority, judges are still required to make semi-annual disclosures and are only allowed to redact information during the time in which a threat exists. Once the threat ends, the information is once again made public. The GAO undertook an audit of this authority in 2004 and found minimal issues.  As a strong proponent of government openness and oversight, I recognize the impact of redaction authority. However, I also recognize that judges should not be forced to put their lives on the line or those of their families simply by doing their jobs. This fair and impartial administration of justice requires freedom from fear and intimidation. This legislation helps protect judges and their families from fear of reprisal.  I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  