Speaker, I rise in support of this rule for consideration of amendments to H.R. 418, the REAL ID Act.  The manager's amendment, which will self-execute upon adoption of this resolution, makes technical changes to the bill as well as making a number of substantive improvements. One such modification will be to remove the annual cap on the number of aliens granted asylum who can become permanent residents each year. The current cap of 10,000 has resulted in a multi-year backlog that has caused unnecessary hardship to aliens already found to have been fleeing persecution. Hardly an anti-refugee provision.  The manager's amendment also extends the bill's provisions regarding the credibility determinations of immigration judges in asylum proceedings to apply to other requests for relief from removal before immigration judges.  Lastly, it includes the text of H.R. 100, introduced by the gentleman from California (Mr. Dreier), to limit criminal aliens to one bite of the apple in contesting their removal orders. I strongly support all these changes and believe they improve the underlying legislation.  Regrettably, at the request of the Committee on Government Reform, the manager's amendment also removes two provisions that I believe address important issues with regard to temporary licenses. One provision clarified the need to clearly mark temporary driver's licenses that States remain authorized to issue people who cannot meet the identity standards as set by this bill.  The other provision provided the Secretary of DHS with the ability to intervene, but only in the interest of national security, to reduce the incredible diversity in form and appearance of driver's licenses issued by the States. Today there are over 350 valid driver's license designs issued by the 50 States. And we all know it is very difficult for security officials at airports to tell the real ID cards from the counterfeit ones.  I understand why the chairman of the Committee on Government Reform believes these two provisions should not be included at this time; however, it is my hope that as this legislation continues to move through the legislative process, we may revisit these two provisions. Both are widely supported and improve the overall bill.  I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bill.  