Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment.  Recent news reports have underscored the tragic cost inflicted by aliens who have taken lives while driving drunk or while intoxicated.  Two cases from North Carolina have highlighted this problem. In each, the alien driver has been charged with drinking and killing another driver. Authorities have alleged that a Gaston County teacher was killed in July by an illegal Mexican national with five previous DWI charges. That alien has been charged with DWI and second degree murder. The police have also reported that a UNC Charlotte student was killed in November by an illegal Mexican national who reportedly had two prior impaired-driving arrests and had drunk six beers before the accident. That alien, who had previously been sent back to Mexico 17 times, was also charged with second-degree murder.  Despite the risks posed by drunk drivers, this offense is not currently a ground of removal. The bill I introduced that we are considering today requires the deportation of aliens convicted of three or more drunk driving offenses.  The bill establishes a policy of three strikes and you are out for all noncitizens who are convicted of drunk driving--removal without exception. Representative Myrick's amendment provides for the mandatory detention and removal of illegal aliens who are convicted of drunk driving.  Second, the amendment mandates the detention of any deportable alien who is apprehended for drunk driving.  Third, the amendment makes a conviction of drunk driving a deportable offense for any alien, but still leaves open the availability of cancellation of removal by an immigration judge.  Fourth, if a local law enforcement officer apprehends an illegal alien for drunk driving, DHS shall reimburse the local agency for the costs of transporting the alien to Federal custody.  Finally, State motor vehicle administrators shall share with DHS and other States and the national criminal information center database information about aliens who have been convicted of drunk driving.  