Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, the primary opposition to this legislation comes from people who have favored a constitutional amendment to provide for the appointment of substitute Representatives should there be a catastrophe that wipes out a significant part or all of the House of Representatives.  I believe last year, the House of Representatives laid that proposition to rest. We did have a full debate on the floor of the constitutional amendment that both the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Baird) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) supported. It only got 63 votes. Twenty votes are necessary for the two-thirds majority necessary to propose amendments to the Constitution on any subject, and I believe that the House of Representatives at that time clearly and emphatically spoke in favor of maintaining elections as the only way one could enter the House of Representatives, the people's House.  So now we hear that the 49 days that are proposed in this bill are too short to be able to organize a proper election in a time of crisis. I do not think that is correct. During the Second World War, Great Britain was under attack constantly by the German Air Force, and even during the war they were able to hold special elections to fill vacancies in the House of Commons within 42 days. Democracy prevailed because the people of Great Britain insisted that it do so, and those elections worked and those people who were elected entered the House of Commons with a mandate from the people.  This bill will work just as well in a time of crisis as a way of repopulating the House. We are not going to have appointed Representatives. The constitutional amendment has been overwhelmingly rejected here. So the responsible thing to do is to speed up the special election process, particularly in those States like California where it takes forever to fill a vacancy so that the States can have full representation as quickly as possible.  Pass the bill.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  