 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of House Resolution 547, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit grossly infringed on established parental rights in Fields v. Palmdale School District.  In a decision that startled even veteran observers of the Ninth Circuit, a three-judge Ninth Circuit panel held in Fields v. Palmdale School District that parents ``have no constitutional right to prevent a public school from providing its students with whatever information it wishes to provide, sexual or otherwise, when and as the school determines that it is appropriate to do so.''  This case involved a survey given to 7- to 10-year-old children that contains, among others, 10 specific questions about sex. The Palmdale School District sent parents of first, third and fifth grade students at the Mesquite Elementary School in Palmdale, California, a letter requesting consent to administer a psychological assessment questionnaire to their children. The letter failed to inform the parents that some of the questions expressly involved sexual topics.  Seven parents, including one set of parents that did not return the consent form for their child, were still given the questionnaire, filed suit in Federal court against the school district upon learning from their children of the sexual nature of some of the questions.  A three-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit ruled against the parents concluding that ``once parents make the choice as to which school their children will attend, their fundamental right to control the education of their children is, at the least, substantially diminished.''  This decision presupposes that the school attended by the children is always a matter of parental choice. As we all know, many parents do not have such a choice, and they should not be forced to forfeit their parental rights when their children enter the schoolhouse gate. Moreover, the flawed logic of this decision has a disproportionate impact on parents who, for financial and other reasons, cannot send their children to schools more responsive to parental rights. Parents should not be required to involuntarily relinquish their right to direct the upbringing and control of their children.  The Ninth Circuit decision compels this outcome by divesting parents of their right to object to their children being exposed to sexual or other information in a school setting. This holding is inconsistent with constitutional precedent and established parental rights.  The Supreme Court recognized in Meyer v. Nebraska that the liberty guaranteed by the 14th amendment encompasses ``the power of parents tocontrol the education of their children.'' The court reaffirmed this fundamental right in Pierce v. Society of Sisters and emphasized that ``the child is not the mere creature of the State; those who nurture him and direct his destiny have the right, coupled with the high duty, to recognize and prepare him for additional obligations.''  According to the court in Wisconsin v. Yoder, this duty ``must be read to include the inculcation of moral standards, religious beliefs and elements of good citizenship.''  Despite the fact that the due process clause of the 14th amendment protects the fundamental right of parents to make decisions concerning the care, custody and control of their children, the Ninth Circuit concluded ``that parents are possessed of no constitutional right to prevent the public schools from providing information on sex to their students in any forum or manner they select.''  This decision sets a dangerous precedent, threatening the parental rights that are firmly grounded in our Nation's Constitution and traditions. I urge my colleagues to affirm their support for parental rights by supporting passage of this resolution.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  