Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, thousands of America's volunteers have already answered the call to help those suffering in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. But, unfortunately, many are hindered in their efforts or held back from joining the relief effort in the first place by the threat of legal liability.  In too many parts of the country, including Louisiana and the other areas affected by Hurricane Katrina, it is not only unclear what defines the legal protections for Good Samaritans, but it is also unclear which of those legal protections would govern where citizens of multiple States converge on another State to give aid and comfort to their fellow citizens in need.  At the Federal level, the Volunteer Protection Act does not provide any protection to volunteers who are not working under the auspices of an official nonprofit organization, namely, a 501(c)(3) organization; and it provides no protection at all to the nonprofit organizations themselves.  Consequently, under Federal law there are absolutely no legal protections for the average person who wants to volunteer on their own, and there are also absolutely no legal protections for America's wonderful nonprofit organizations themselves, such as the Red Cross; but only an extremely small percentage of the some 1.4 million nonprofit organizations in the United States actually purchase liability insurance due to excessive costs.  The bill before us today closes the gaps in existing law for those individuals and organizations wanting to give of themselves to aid those suffering the worst effects of one of the most tragic weather disasters in American history. This bill makes crystal clear that everyone who helps those who have suffered harm in the wake of Hurricane Katrina will be covered by some basic legal protections.  If a volunteer's own State law provides greater protections for them, all the better; and this legislation would allow those stronger protections to govern in their situation. But this bill provides a uniform Federal floor on which all volunteers can confidently stand when helping those in need in the wake of Hurricane Katrina.  Such a uniform Federal law is clearly needed. As the Los Angeles Times recently reported, ``the lack of liability protection is one of several concerns delaying some 900 churches from joining the evacuation network.'' According to recent press accounts, the Red Cross feels constrained in giving out the names of refugees to those who want to offer their homes to them for shelter because they have concern about liability. The Red Cross has cited liability issues as a reason for people not to volunteer to take refugees into their homes and complain generally that ``there is so much liability involved.''  The Minnesota Department of Public Safety spokesman has said of volunteer efforts, if things go south, there are liability problems. In Grandville, Michigan, a local school district wants to let evacuees use a vacant school for shelter, but the school's superintendent is concerned about liability issues. The Cleveland Plain Dealer reports that a specially trained group of 50 international physicians and psychologists who have extensive experience treating children in Third World countries could face liability issues here if they venture into States where they are not licensed.  Anytime lawsuits or threats of lawsuits limit private persons and entities, State and local governments from acting to help those in need, the response costs of the Federal Government only increase.  H.R. 3736 simply ensures that if one is a volunteer who acts in good faith to assist the victims of Hurricane Katrina without compensation, then they do not have to worry about lawsuits unless they either act in a willful, wanton, reckless, or criminal matter or violate a Federal or State civil rights law. All volunteers under this bill will have to worry about is saving those in need, and they will not have to worry about hiring an attorney to defend themselves from a frivolous lawsuit.  The bill does not apply to those with preexisting duties to aid. That is, it does not apply to those with the statutory duty to aid the victims or those with prior contractual obligations to do so. The bill does apply to all volunteers who in good faith and without expectation of compensation render aid, medical treatment, or rescue assistance to any person in response to harm caused by Hurricane Katrina.  The Congress voted overwhelmingly to give far greater legal protections to selected entities following the 9/11 terrorist attacks. At the very least, this Congress should pass some legal protection for volunteers working in the wake of Hurricane Katrina.  While we all keep the victims of Katrina in our prayers, let us keep all the individual volunteers and organizations that support them in our hearts and free them to act on their compassion without the distracting fear of unnecessary lawsuits.  This bill should be passed. I urge the Members to vote in favor of it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  