Speaker, I yield 10 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), the distinguished majority leader.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his generosity in yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, the Constitution of the United States was written as much for any other reason as to protect the private property rights of the American people. The Supreme Court last week, in the already infamous Kelo case, essentially rejected the very idea of private property rights at all.  I know some believe that the Supreme Court is some Citadel with all knowledge and all wisdom and that every decision they make is the right decision. But by this narrow 5-4 decision, our high court essentially set aside the most basic fundamental tenet of the social contract that underlies self-government, the inviolability of private property rights; the unchangeable principle of politics, morality, and common sense; that what is mine is mine, and what is yours is yours.  What the court decided last week was that what is mine is not really mine and what is yours is not really yours; that, in fact, private property only exists as a political expedient, a psychological contrivance wholly subject to the government's whim. The court ruled that private property, your home or your small business, may be taken by the government and given to someone else who, in the government's judgment, will put that property to better use.  This is not the taking of someone's property without compensation for specific public use, like a highway or a military base. Congress and States are explicitly granted such power in the Constitution. This is, instead, the government taking your home and giving it to some business because they will generate more tax revenue. Indeed, given the risible logic employed by the court's majority last week, there is no reason your city council cannot kick you out of your house and give it to a wealthier family who will add on to the home and, therefore, pay higher property taxes down the road.  Mr. Speaker, I am not a lawyer, so do not just take my word for it. Justice O'Connor, writing in dissent of this awful decision said: ``If predicted, or even guaranteed, positive side effects are enough to render transfer from one private party to another constitutional, then the words ``for public use'' in the Constitution do not realistically exclude any takings.'' Justice Thomas adds, ``If such economic development takings are for public use, any taking is, and the court has erased the Public Use Clause for our constitution.''  Both Justices O'Connor and Thomas went on to warn the result of this foolhardy decision would be that people most vulnerable to the government preying on their property would be the poor, the elderly, and racial minorities. No kidding. Those people with the least economic and political power, with the least means to fight back, and the most need for government protection of their God-given rights have been told by the Supreme Court that while property rights are sacred, some people's property rights are more sacred than others.  This is madness, Mr. Speaker, and it must not stand. The court's Kelo decision will go down in history as a travesty. It is not a debatable ideological overreach but a universally deplorable assault of the rights of man. The only bright lining to it is that this time the court may have finally gone too far and the American people will reassert their constitutional authority.  We can only hope, Mr. Speaker, that this resolution will be the first step in a long overdue process of constitutional renewal. Begin that process and vote ``yes'' on this resolution.  