Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment must be defeated because it uses undefined terms that would gut this vital legislation designed to protect the property rights of all Americans from abuse of Government land grants.  The list of organizations that the gentleman from Ohio read off in support of his amendment shows why it ought to be defeated, if we want to stand up for the property rights of individual landowners.  The terms used in this amendment are broad in their scope; and, consequently, the amendment would subject just about any property owner in America to the threat of having their property taken by a government official willing to abuse the power of eminent domain to take property from one private citizen and give it to another wealthier developer.  The amendment would allow the taking profit for ``excessive land coverage,'' ``lack of ventilation,'' ``lack of light,'' and ``obsolescence,'' just to name a few. None of these terms are defined in the amendment, and each would be subject to tremendous abuse. No home in the country would be safe if a government official were allowed to use those concepts to take private property.  If a government bureaucrat thinks your porch is too big, they can take your whole house and all of your land under the amendment. If your barn has only one light bulb in it or no artificial light at all, then your barn and all of the farm land surrounding it could be confiscated by the government. Webster's Dictionary defines obsolete, which is one of the terms used in this amendment, as of a kind or style no longer current. Under the amendment, then, if the design of your house is out of fashion in the eyes of government officials, you could lose both your house and your property; and that is wrong.  The base bill already includes a reasonable exception that allows the government to take property when property is being used in a way that imposes an immediate threat to the public health and safety. And the base bill does absolutely nothing, absolutely nothing that prevents States and localities from enforcing public nuisance laws under its police powers and tearing down an unsafe building.  But the amendment goes much further in a way that threatens low-income and minority communities, and for that reason I join the NAACP in opposing this amendment. Listen to what actual practitioners in the field have to say about it. This is from the Institute for Justice, the public interest law firm that represented Suzette Kelo and the other New London homeowners who took their fight to keep their homes from being taken for private commercial development all the way to the Supreme Court.  The Institute for Justice states, ``In our experience litigating eminent domain cases all over the country, we have seen each of the terms in the amendment applied in such a way as to allow the use of eminent domain on perfectly normal residential and business neighborhoods. Dilapidation can mean that a building has chipped mortar or needs a new handrail. Obsolescence can be a single-family home that lacks three bedrooms, two full bathrooms and a two-car attached garage. Both overcrowding and lack of ventilation, light and sanitary facilities were routinely used during urban renewal to remove poor and minority communities from their neighborhoods. Deleterious land use can mean a combination of residences and businesses in a single area, even though many planners think that such neighborhoods are ideal. Time and time again, the terms found in this amendment have served as vehicles for the abuse of eminent domain for private commercial development''. From the Institute.  This gutting amendment should be defeated.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  