Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3402, the Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act for fiscal years 2006 through 2009.  As chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, I am proud to support this comprehensive package negotiated between the House and Senate to reauthorize vital programs within the Department of Justice and to combat domestic and dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking.  I am grateful to the Committees on Financial Services, Energy and Customers, and Education and the Workforce, as well as all of the members of the Committee on the Judiciary, for working with us to make it possible to bring this legislation up today.  I would also like to thank the original bipartisan cosponsors of this bill, Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Conyers, Representatives Green of Wisconsin, Solis, Brown-Waite, Schiff, Coble, Lofgren, and Weiner for all of their efforts.  Authorization is an important oversight tool that allows Congress and committees of jurisdiction to create, amend, extend, and set priorities for programs within executive agencies. Despite the law's requirement for regular congressional authorization for the Justice Department, until just recently DOJ has not been formerly authorized by Congress since 1980.  The Committee on the Judiciary took action to rectify the situation in the 107th Congress and reauthorized the programs within the Department of Justice. We tried again last Congress; however, the other body did not take up our bipartisan House-passed bill.  I am proud to be here today to provide Congress with legislation to again give direction to the Department of Justice and the important programs it administers.  DOJ's grant programs are an important tool in the fight against crime in America. Programs such as Byrne, COPS and STOP provide grants to State and local governments to focus on current crime issues affecting our communities.  Because there are limited resources, continuous congressional oversight of these programs ensures that the taxpayers' money is spent appropriately. This bill will ensure accountability from the Department with a number of provisions designed to ensure grant recipients are meeting the conditions established by Congress for the programs.  The bill includes an office of audit, assessment and management to monitor grants and a community capacity development office to assist grant applicants and grantees in meeting grant conditions.  In addition to the numerous oversight tools provided in the bill, there are a number of important reforms to grant programs and provisions designed to improve those programs and offices within the Department. The bill consolidates the Local Law Enforcement Block Grant Program and the Byrne grant program into one program with the same purposes, to eliminate duplication and improve the administration of the grants.  The bill preserves the COPS program, but addresses concerns expressed by many Members about the previous use of these grants. H.R. 3402 also allows grantees greater flexibility in the use of these funds.  The authorization also reauthorizes DOJ programs that will expire or have expired, such as the Juvenile Accountability Block Grant Program and the Sex Offender Management Program. It also includes some very important modifications to the criminal code such as extending the statute of limitations for human trafficking offenses and applying increased criminal penalties to prison guards who sexually abuse persons in their custody.  Titles I through IX of this bill focus on reauthorizing, expanding, and improving programs that were established in the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 and reauthorized in 2000. The bill reauthorizes some important core programs such as STOP grants and grants to reduce campus violence. These programs have been successful in combatting domestic violence and changing attitudes toward violence in the family in America.  The reauthorization of VAWA in 2005 will continue to change attitudes toward domestic violence and will expand its focus to change attitudes toward other violent crimes, including dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking. Because these are crimes that affect both genders, it is important to notethat the text of the legislation specifies that programs addressing these problems can serve both female and male victims.  Additionally, this legislation specifies that the same rules apply to these funds that apply to other Federal grant programs. It is illegal to use grant funds devoted to these programs for political activities or lobbying. It is the intent of Congress that these funds be used to provided services to victims and trained personnel who deal with these violent crimes.  The Department of Justice is expected to enforce that provision for all its grants and monitor grant activities to ensure compliance, not only with this condition but all conditions of the grants.  The legislation will aid Congress in continuing to fulfill our obligation to the taxpayers to be good stewards of their money.  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge the hard work of the following House, Senate, and Administration staff who spent long hours negotiating this bill:  Senate Staff: Mike O'Neill, Brett Tolman, Lisa Owings, Joe Jacquot, and Juria Jones--Senator Specter; Bruce Cohen, Tara Magner, and Jessica Berry--Senator Leahy; Louisa Terrell--Senator Biden; Cindy Hayden--Senator Sessions; Janice Kaguyutan--Senator Kennedy.  House Staff: Phil Kiko, Brian Benczkowski, Katy Crooks, George Fishman, and Cindy Blackston--Congressman Sensenbrenner; Cassie Bevan--Congressman DeLay; Perry Apelbaum, Sampak Garg, and Stacey Dansky--Congressman Conyers.  Department of Justice: William Moschella and Sarah Roland.  I would also like to express my thanks to the following groups for their efforts in facilitating the passage of this legislation: Break the Cycle, Girls Incorporated, Family Violence Prevention Fund, Legal Momentum, National Alliance to End Sexual Violence, National Center for Victims of Crime, National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, National Congress of American Indians, National Network to End Domestic Violence, National Resource Center to End Violence Against Native Women, and Sisters of Color Ending Sexual Assault.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  