Chairman, I yield myself the balance of the time.  Mr. Chairman, I was here in 1986 when the Simpson-Mazzoli bill was passed. I voted against it because I didn't think it was a balanced bill, and I didn't think it was a workable bill, and I think that what has happened in the last 19 years showed that a no vote was the right vote.  That bill was based on the fact that we would solve the illegal alien problem by giving those who are already here amnesty and then we would impose sanctions on employers who hired new illegal aliens. The reason it didn't work, as my friend from California (Mr. Daniel E. Lungren) has stated, is that the employer sanctions were never enforced. As a result, illegal aliens came across the border in increasing floods.  The current system gives an incentive to an employer to hire an illegal alien in an entry-level job that is labor intensive because illegal aliens work for less money than either documented aliens with green cards or United States citizens. As a result, the bad actors in areas like the hotel and restaurant business, agriculture, landscaping and the construction business, are able to have such a competitive economic advantage because of the low wages over those who are trying to do it the right way.  I can understand why the Chamber of Commerce is against this bill because of the employer verification system. I guess if I were lobbying for them, I would be, too, because they have benefited from the low wages, and the low wages that these corporations have benefited from have depressed the wages of honest, hardworking, middle-income American people and those who are trying to get these entry-level jobs who are authorized to work in this country.  The key in this bill is Mr. Calvert's employer verification system because that will flush out those who hire large numbers of illegal aliens, and they can go into the marketplace and pay a decent wage to people who are legally entitled to work here. I think that this is the main reason why this bill should pass.  We have heard a litany of complaints about all of the enforcement provisions, fences on the border, making a criminal offense overstaying one's visa, giving the sheriffs in border counties the authority to enforce the immigration law which they don't have now. The fact is that those people who are against this bill don't want any changes in the existing system except perhaps amnesty or, excuse me, earned legalization and ultimately citizenship for those who have broken the law.  This bill has our priorities straight. We have to secure the border. We have to provide law enforcement the tools to apprehend those who have broken the law, and we have to force our employers to flush out all the fake documents that are out there that are held by people who are illegally in this country, which is what the verification program proposes to do.  This is a good bill. It is a necessary first step, and if this bill is defeated, as all of those who have been saying no to everything goes down, the consequence is going to be the continuation of the intolerable existing system.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  