Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I thank him for his hard work on this conference report. As many in this Chamber know, this conference report contains the provisions of the Real ID Act, which I offered, and the House overwhelmingly approved earlier this year.  The sensible reforms contained in this legislation are long overdue and will make America safer. These provisions will hamper the ability of terrorists and criminal aliens to move freely through our society by requiring that all States' prior proof of lawful presence in the U.S. for their driver's licenses be accepted as identification for Federal purposes, such as boarding a commercial airplane, entering a Federal building or a nuclear power plant.  This legislation will also require a temporary driver's license issued to a foreign visitor to expire when their visa expires, with the maximum term of 1 year. The legislation will also prevent the ability of potentially dangerous aliens to show up under false pretenses on our shores and be granted safe haven, while simultaneously protecting those who are legitimately fleeing persecution.  Finally, the legislation will also ensure that the security and integrity of our border is not imperiled by endless and frivolous litigation. I would also note that there are several immigration-related provisions included in the report by the other body that enjoy broad support from this House.  One will provide that aliens who have received H-2B visas issued to work in temporary or seasonal jobs in any of the last 3 years shall not be counted toward the 2005 or 2006 quotes when applying for an H-2B visa during the next 2 years.  Another amendment expands immigrant visas available for aliens who serve as nurses or physical therapists. I wish to thank the House leadership, the White House, and many Members of both Chambers who rightly recognized the importance of the Real ID Act and supported its inclusion in this conference report.  