Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 32, the Stop Counterfeiting in Manufactured Goods Act. This legislation will facilitate efforts by the Department of Justice to prosecute those who exploit the good names of companies by attaching counterfeit marks to substandard products.  This is a serious problem. Legitimate businesses work hard to build public trust and confidence in their products. When a legitimate company's name is attached to counterfeit products that are not authorized by the company to bear that name, the company suffers losses not only to its bottom line but to its reputation as well.  In addition, counterfeit products are often purchased unwittingly by consumers who have come to rely on the quality of the product by a company they know and trust. Instead, what they receive is a low-quality, often dangerous imitation. Some of these products are such poor imitations of the original that they have caused physical harm to consumers.  The FBI has identified counterfeit goods in a wide range of products, including pharmaceuticals, automobile parts, airport parts, baby formulas, and children's toys. The U.S. automobile industry has reported a number of instances of brake failure caused by counterfeit brake pads manufactured from wooden chips. Counterfeits of other products, such as prescription or over-the-counter medications, may have serious health consequences if they are used by an unsuspecting consumer.  Under this legislation, section 2320 of title 18 would be expanded to include penalties for those who traffic in counterfeit labels, symbols, or packaging of any type knowing that a counterfeit mark has been applied. Additionally, this legislation would require the forfeiture of any property derived directly or indirectly from the proceeds of the violations as well as any property used or intended to be used in relation to the offense. The legislation also requires that restitution be paid to the owner of the mark which was counterfeited.  By mid-fiscal year 2003, the Department of Homeland Security had already reported 3,117 seizures of counterfeit-branded goods, including cigarettes, books, apparel, hand bags, toys, and electronic games, with an estimated street value of $38 million. Fortune 500 companies are spending between $2 million and $4 million each and every year to fight counterfeiters.  The counterfeiting of manufactured goods produces staggering losses to businesses across the United States and around the world. Counterfeit products deprive the Treasury of tax revenues, add to the national trade deficit, subject consumers to health and safety risks, and leave consumers without any legal recourse when they arefinancially or physically injured by counterfeit products.  In addition, established links between counterfeiting, terrorism, and organized crime have made this a priority for Federal law enforcement agencies. H.R. 32 will provide another tool for the Federal Government to stop the wave of counterfeit products flooding the marketplace.  This legislation has broad bipartisan support. It was amended in the Committee on the Judiciary to ensure only those individuals who are operating with an intent to deceive or confuse the consumer by attaching counterfeit labeling or packaging will be held criminally liable.  I urge my colleagues to support this very important piece of legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  