Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, unlike the characterization that my friend from Virginia has made in this bill, this is a bill that is supported by the mainstream of Members of Congress. And how many times in anybody's congressional career would you see Jim Sensenbrenner and Maxine Waters supporting the same bill? That means that we have a very, very big tent of people who are supporting it, because it is the right thing to do.  The amendment should be defeated because it would gut the bill. Because it completely goes back to the definition of public purpose that the Supreme Court allowed this terrible miscarriage of justice to occur in the Kelo case.  The Kelo decision held that the term public use could actually mean a private use such that the government can take perfectly fine property from one person just to give it to another wealthier person. And the amendment would put back into the bill an exception for any public use, I would submit, as defined by a majority vote of the city council, which in the wake of the Kelo decision means a private use as well.  This amendment would put property owners everywhere back to where they were before the Kelo decision, and that is way behind the eight ball, subject to the mercy of a majority vote of their city council. The whole point of this legislation is to counter the Supreme Court's reading of public use in a way that includes private use as well, and the amendment guts the bill by allowing exceptions for private uses as well as public uses. Because this amendment is a giant step backwards in the protection of property rights, it should be soundly defeated.  With respect to the comments the gentleman made on the statute of limitations, yes, it is a long statute of limitations. Because the city has the time and the money to wait out the property owner simply by putting it on the shelf until the time expires. And we should have a longer statute of limitation, rather than a shorter one, so that the city cannot be tempted by the siren song of using its power and using its money to run roughshod over the owner of a piece of private property.  Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters).  