 President, I am pleased to support Senator Collins' amendment that addresses several important areas. In particular, I am glad to support the provision to allow a 100% above the line tax deduction for the long-term care insurance.  As chairman of the Special Committee on Aging, addressing the challenges of long-term care have been high on my list of priorities. During the past two years, I've heard first-hand from individuals and family members about the financial challenges that go along with managing long-term care needs, such as those associated with Alzheimer's Disease.  In too many cases, families experience financial devastation when faced with long-term care needs. Unfortunately, many families do not plan for costs associated with long-term care. And many families are mis-informed about what Medicare and Medicaid cover in respect to long-term care.  Today's average cost of nursing home care is about $40,000 a year. When individuals are faced with a chronic or disabling condition in retirement, they often quickly exhaust their resources. As a result, they turn to Medicaid for help.  In fact, the care for nearly 2 out of every 3 nursing home residents is paid for by Medicaid. As many seniors realize too late, Medicare does not cover long-term care costs.  I introduced legislation last Congress and again this Congress to provide an incentive for individuals to plan and prepare for long-term care cost. Like the provision in Senator Collins' amendment, my bill will allow Americans--who do not currently have access to employer subsidized long-term care plans--to deduct the amount of such a plan from their taxable income.  This encourages planning and personal responsibility by helping to make long-term care insurance more affordable for middle class taxpayers.  Longer and healthier lives are a blessing and a testament to the progress and advances made by our society. But Americans must be alert and prepare for long-term care needs. The role of private long-term care insurance is critical in meeting this challenge. Over the past ten years, thelong-term care insurance market has grown significantly. The products that are available today are affordable and of high quality.  As policy makers, our job is to develop policies for public programs that can deliver efficient and cost-effective services. Yet, equally important is the role of private long-term care financing. We must take steps to inform Americans about the importance of planning for potential long-term care needs. And, in turn, we should provide incentives now for the families to prepare financially for their retirement.  