 President, today I am pleased to join Senators Graham, Roth, and Moynihan in introducing legislation that will be an important step in safeguarding our most vulnerable citizens. The Nursing Home Residential Security Act of 1999 will protect nursing home residents who are covered by Medicaid from being thrown out of a facility to make room for a more lucrative, private-pay patient.  It is hard to believe that a facility would uproot a frail individual for the sole purpose of a few extra dollars. However, in the past year there have been documented cases of Medicaid beneficiaries who have been at risk of being forced to leave a facility based solely on reimbursement status. The result is often severe trauma and a mortality rate that is two to three times higher than other nursing home residents. This is no way to treat our elderly.  I want to make it clear that these situations are rare. The vast majority of nursing homes are compassionate and decent facilities. My state of Iowa has been privileged to have many nursing homes that stand as models of quality care. Unfortunately, a few bad apples can damage the reputation of an entire industry. That is why I am pleased that this bipartisan legislation has the support of the nursing home industry as well as senior citizens' advocates.  This commonsense proposal would prevent nursing homes who have already accepted a Medicaid patient from evicting or transferring the patient based solely on payment status. Nursing homes would still be entitled to decide who gains access to their facilities, however, they would be required to inform new residents that if they spend down to Medicaid, they are entitled to discharge or transfer them to another facility.  This legislation is an important step in protecting these frail individuals. People move into nursing homes for around-the-clock health care in a safe environment. The last thing they expect is to be put out on the street. That's also the last thing they deserve. This bill prevents residents from getting hurt if their nursing home pulls out of Medicaid and ensures that people know their rights up front, before they enter a facility.  This commonsense proposal has also been introduced in the House of Representatives by Congressman Bilirakis where it has received strong bipartisan support. I encourage my colleagues in the Senate to cosponsor this worthwhile proposal. And, I look forward to the passage of this resolution this year.  