 President, in the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996, I had the good fortune of working with my esteemed colleague, the senior senator from Nevada, on an amendment restoring the exclusion for the receipt of contributions in aid of construction (CIAC) for water and sewage disposal property repealed by the Tax Reform Act of 1986.  I rise today to voice my concern about the possible direction of the Department of the Treasury's regulations interpreting the definition of CIAC under Internal Revenue Code section 118(b). Specifically, I am troubled by an effort to narrow the definition to exclude service laterals.  The Senator from Nevada and I, along with many of our colleagues here in the Chamber worked hard over the course of a number of years to restore the pre-1986 Act exclusion for the receipt of CIACs for water and sewage. As part of our efforts, we developed a revenue raiser in cooperation with the industry to make up any revenue loss due to our legislation. This revenue raiser extended the life, and changed the method, for depreciating water utility property from 20 year accelerated to 25 year straight line depreciation. As a consequence of this cooperation with the industry, our CIAC change made a net $274 million contribution toward deficit reduction.  In addition to these efforts, we made a number of changes to the pre-1986 language. The most important of these was a change to clarify that service laterals should be included in the definition of CIAC.  These lines typically run from a larger water distribution line to the property line of one or more customers. The utility is responsible for all maintenance and liability associated with service laterals. Additionally, state public utility commissions treat contributions for service laterals (or any other capital component of the water supply system) as a CIAC and, therefore, do not allow a utility company to include them in its rate base.  It is important to distinguish that service laterals are not fees charged to customers for the right to start and stop service. Such fees would be treated as taxable income. However, as elements of utility plant, the service laterals should be treated as CIAC.  Additionally, it is my sense that the final revenue estimate done by the Joint Committee on Taxation on the restoration of CIAC included servicelaterals. In an October 11, 1995 letter to me the Joint Committee on Taxation provided revenue estimates for the CIAC legislation. A footnote in this letter states, ``These estimates have been revisited to reflect more recent data.'' The industry had only recently supplied the committee with comprehensive data, which reflected total CIAC in the industry including service laterals.  It is my sincere hope that the Department of the Treasury drafts the regulations on this important matter clearly reflecting the intent of Congress to include service laterals in the definition of CIAC.  