 President, May happens to be Older Americans Month. I believe we should honor older Americans through this month, not only because my State of Iowa has many fine senior citizens whom I am very willing and happy to talk about because of their contributions to our State and our society, but also because I am chairman of the Aging Committee.  It may be human nature to overlook the hardships of previous generations. We do not think about suffering that we do not have to endure, and that is the way it should be. That is the waywe hope it is and it is the hope of American innovators who work to ease the misfortunes for our children and grandchildren.  One of those innovators is a 101-year-old woman from Sioux City, IA. Louise Humphrey was a leading light in the battle against polio, one of the most terrifying illnesses of our century. Because of her work and the work of others devoted to finding a cure, polio is almost nonexistent in our country.  It is hard for anyone who did not live through the forties and fifties to understand fully the fear and hysteria which accompanied the polio epidemic during any particular summer. The disease was highly contagious and sometimes fatal. It attacked the lungs and limbs. It immobilized its victims. It made them struggle for breath and often forced them to breathe through mechanical iron lungs. Parents would not allow their children to go swimming or to drink out of public fountains for fear of contagion.  Those children fortunate enough to escape the illness saw their classmates return to school in the fall in leg braces and watched newsreels of people in iron lungs.  At the height of the epidemic in the 1940s and early 1950s, polio struck between 20,000 to 50,000 Americans each year. In 1 year, 1952, 58,000 people caught the disease. Most of these people were children.  Mrs. Humphrey of Sioux City became interested in polio before the height of the epidemic. In the 1930s, according to the Sioux City Journal, she saw firsthand the ravaging effects of polio after meeting a man who had been disabled by the disease.  She and her husband, the late J. Hubert Humphrey, a Sioux City dentist, became leaders in the fight against polio. They headed the Woodbury County chapter of the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis. Mrs. Humphrey was elected State chairman of the women's division of that foundation.  The Humphreys raised thousands of dollars for equipment and therapy to battle the disease. They enlisted entertainers and circus performers in the cause, hosting these individuals at fundraising parties. Their guests included Bob Hope, clown Emmett Kelly, and even an elephant that loved ham sandwiches.  Their work contributed to a climate in which Jonas Salk developed the first polio vaccine. His vaccine, and another developed by Dr. Albert Sabin, soon became widely available. Thus, polio is virtually nonexistent in our country, although it remains a Third World threat.  Mrs. Humphrey has said she has no secret for living such a long life. She advises people to, in her words, ``just be happy and be well.'' She has never had an ache or pain. What she did have in abundance was empathy, kindness, generosity, and devotion. Because of her contributions, millions of American children will live without a debilitating disease, polio.  On June 3, Mrs. Humphrey will be 102. In advance of her birthday, during Older Americans Month, I thank Mrs. Humphrey for helping to make our country strong. Mrs. Humphrey, with her clear vision and compassionate concern for America's children, perfectly illustrates the theme of Older Americans Month, which is: ``Honor the Past, Imagine the Future: Toward a Society for All Ages.''  I yield the floor.  