 President, I chair the Committee on Aging. Wehave been holding some hearings about the nursing home industry over the last several months. I would like to make a comment.  First of all, I would like to speak about credibility. It is similar to an old maple tree. It takes years to develop, but a big storm can wipe it out just like that. I have a story that makes the point.  The nursing home industry challenged the credibility of nursing home inspectors. The nursing home industry, after this challenge, lost.  When I refer to the nursing home industry, I mean the American Health Care Association. This group represents the for-profit nursing homes. It has thousands of members across the country.  Nursing home inspectors operate in every State. They inspect every nursing home that accepts Federal money. The inspectors gauge whether nursing homes follow the Federal laws that were passed to protect nursing home residents. They evaluate everything from the most severe problems to the most minor problems. The most severe problems include malnutrition, dehydration, bedsores, inadequate medical treatment--matters that can be life-threatening. The most minor problems might include things such as comfortable lighting and access to stationery.  At my request, the General Accounting Office has issued a series of reports documenting severe problems in too many nursing homes, thus pointing up the shortcomings of the inspection.  On March 18, when I released one of these reports, the American Health Care Association issued a critical news release. The association said:       Inspectors have closed down facilities, without consulting      residents and their families, for technical violations posing      no jeopardy to residents.  The association also said:       Unfortunately, the current Federal inspection system has      all the trademarks of a bureaucratic government program out      of control.  These, of course, were very serious charges made by the association of nursing homes, and I took those charges very seriously. The Federal inspection system is responsible for the welfare of 1.6 million nursing home residents. If that system fails, these frail individuals will bear the brunt. That is something that should concern every one of us in the Senate.  Following up, I asked the American Health Care Association for proof of its claims issued in that news release critical of what the General Accounting Office had to say at my behest to study the issue. On May 6, I received an information packet from the American Health Care Association describing 10 examples that the association saw as proof of overzealous regulations. I turned this information over to the General Accounting Office and asked for its analysis.  The GAO did not find evidence of overzealous regulation. In fact, the General Accounting Office found just the opposite. There was adequate information for an objective assessment for 8 of the 10 industry examples. In each of those 8 cases, the General Accounting Office found that regulators acted appropriately.  I am not going to go through all eight examples, but I will use three. I think they show that there is a big difference in what the industry presented and what the General Accounting Office found; in other words, the industry's accusations that the inspection system was a bureaucratic thing out of control and that it was based upon just technicalities was wrong.  Example No. 1: The industry complained that a Michigan nursing home was severely punished for providing complimentary coffee to family members, staff, and residents. The General Accounting Office said that the nursing home inspectors saw two vulnerable residents pulling at the spigot of the hot coffee urn. The inspectors believed that the residents were in immediate danger of suffering serious burns from the coffee. Of course, with this, the General Accounting Office agreed.  Example No. 2: The industry complained that a California nursing home was cited for bed sores on a resident's foot that predated his admission, and in fact the bed sores were healing. The General Accounting Office said the inspector found conditions that actually had worsened the bed sores. The resident was wearing leather shoes when in a wheelchair. His feet were not elevated when in bed. His bedsore dressings were changed without proper techniques to prevent infection. There again, the example given by the nursing home association was wrong.  Example No. 3: The industry claimed that an Alabama nursing home was cited for a bald kitchen worker who failed to wear a hair net. The GAO reported that the industry did not identify the nursing home involved nor provide any documentation; therefore, the General Accounting Office could not assess what had happened.  I could go on in more detail from the General Accounting Office report. I have that report here, and I would like to point out to my colleagues that they should look at it, read it. Hopefully, everyone is interested and they will do so. It tells a valuable cautionary tale. Members of Congress, as I felt a responsibility to do, should always seek out both sides of every story. Industry associations work hard to seek our agreement with their side and, of course, in our system of government, and whether individual, or an association of individuals, that is their right. But it is our obligation as representatives of the people to weigh every issue with all the facts at hand. It is equally our obligation to consider the credibility of every source.  I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of time for Senator Thomas.  