 President, I rise today, on behalf of myself and Senator Kerrey, to introduce legislation that will chart a new United States approach to the terrible problem of child exploitation in overseas labor markets.  This legislation, the International Child Welfare Protection Act, will target new, additional trade benefits to countries that comply with the provisions of the International Labor Organization's Convention Number 138 concerning the Minimum Age for Admission to Employment, also known as the Minimum Age Convention.  The aim of the Minimum Age Convention is to abolish child labor throughout the world by establishing a minimum age at which children may be employed.  Our legislation will do two things:  It will give the President the authority to grant a country that complies with the Minimum Age Convention up to a fifty-percent tariff rate cut on items produced in that country that would not otherwise be eligible for preferential tariff rates.  It will also permit the President to waive current limitations on the amounts of additional goods that countries complying with the Minimum Age Convention may export to the United States. If, in the unlikely event the President finds that domestic industries are hurt because of these special, targeted trade benefits, the President also has the authority to suspend, limit, or withdraw the benefits.  This legislation is important for three reasons.  First, it is a tragic fact that child labor is rampant in many places in the world, despite more laws aimed at stopping this inhumane practice. International Labor Organization statistics show that between 100 million and 200 million children worldwide are engaged in providing goods and services. Ninety-five percent of these children, according to the ILO, work in developing countries. Why are children pressed into service as low-paid or un-paid workers? Because, according to the ILO, children are ``generally less demanding, more obedient, and less likely to object to their treatment or conditions of work.'' We must all do what we can to stop this unconscionable practice.  The second reason we need this legislation is because it is clear that regulation and enforcement alone will not work. Incentives are needed as well. The reason that it is so tough to enforce child labor standards is that it is often very difficult to trace specific products to specific plants in specific countries. The Department of Labor's Bureau of International Labor Affairs says that quantifying the extent of child labor in a particular country's export industry ``can seldom be done with specificity.'' If you can't even trace the goods or services with certainty, you can't expect enforcement alone to be the answer.  Finally, we need this legislation because even though the ILO Minimum Age Convention was adopted in 1973, only twenty-one developing country member states out of 173 ILO member states have ratified the Convention to stop child labor. Out of the twenty-one developing country member states that have ratified the Convention, none are from Asia, where over half of all working children are to be found. If even one additional ILO member state ratifies the Convention because of the trade incentives this legislation offers, we have achieved a great deal.  I encourage all my colleagues to join me in this effort.  