 President, I rise today in support of an amendment I am sponsoring with Senator Conrad to establish a new, limited Trade Adjustment Assistance Program for farmers and fishermen. There are two key reasons why this new program is so necessary, and why Senator Conrad and I are offering this legislation.  The first and most important reason is that the existing Trade Adjustment Assistance Program simply does not work for farmers. When a sudden surge in imports of an agricultural commodity dramatically lowers prices for that commodity, and sharply reduces the net income for family farmers, these farmers are undeniably hurt by import competition.  They are just as hurt as steel workers, or auto workers, or textile workers who experience the same thing. But because farmers lose income, but not their jobs, they do not qualify for the existing Trade Adjustment Assistance for workers program. The reduction in family farm income from important competition hurts farmers in a very serious way, because it comes at a time when farmers desperately need cash assistance to repay their operating loans and adjust to the import competition.  The second reason why I offer this legislation is to correct an inequity that should not continue. The inequity is that it is clear that President Kennedy, who designed the original TradeAdjustment Assistance program as part of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, clearly intended farmers to benefit from the program, just as much as other workers hurt as a result of a federal policy to reduce barriers to foreign trade. In his message to the Congress on the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, President Kennedy spoke about his Trade Adjustment Assistance Program. In fact, in his March 12, 1962 message, he referred to farmers at least three times.  Here is part of what President Kennedy said.       I am recommending as an essential part of the new trade      program that companies, farmers, and workers who suffer      damage from increased foreign import competition be assisted      in their efforts to adjust to that competition. When      considerations of national policy make it desirable to avoid      higher tariffs, those injured by that competition should not      be required to bear the brunt of the impact. Rather, the      burden of economic adjustment should be borne in part by the      Federal Government.  What President Kennedy said was so important I want to emphasize what he said: those who are injured by the national trade policies of the United States should not bear the brunt of the impact. And trade adjustment assistance should be available for companies, farmers, and workers.  Mr. President, this is simply an issue of fairness. Basic American fairness. The United States has lead the world in liberalizing trade. We started this process of global trade liberalization in 1947, when most of the world was reeling from the enormous physical and economic devastation of World War Two. We saw then that the way to avoid this type of catastrophe in the future was to bring nations closer together through peaceful trade and open markets. That process has been spectacularly successful. Through eight series, or rounds, of multilateral trade negotiations, we have scrapped ten of thousands of tariffs. Many non-tariff trade barriers have been torn down. Others have been sharply reduced. The result of 50 years of trade liberalization has been the creation of enormous wealth and prosperity, and millions of new jobs. But not everyone has prospered.  Some have been injured by this deliberate policy of free trade and open markets. And that's exactly why President Kennedy and the 87th Congress created the Trade Adjustment Assistance program. To help those injured by our national policy of free trade and open markets adjust to their changing circumstances with limited assistance.  President Kennedy's Secretary of Labor, Arthur J. Goldberg put it the best. Secretary Goldberg said:       As a humane Government, we recognize our responsibility to      provide adequate assistance to those who may be injured by a      deliberately chosen trade policy . . . It is because of the      desire to do justice to the people who are affected. . .  Mr. President, we cannot do justice by helping only some of the people affected by our national trade policy. We cannot do justice by ignoring farmers. We must do justice by ignoring farmers. We must reach out to everyone, including farmers, just as President Kennedy envisioned. Now, I know there are some in this Chamber who believe that we should wait to make changes in the Trade Adjustment Assistance program until we can do a full review of the entire TAA program.  I do not agree with that view, for a very fundamental reason. We are only about four weeks away from the start of the WTO Ministerial Conference in Seattle. In Seattle, the United States will help launch the ninth series, or round, of multilateral trade negotiations since 1947.  A key goal of the Seattle Ministerial will be to liberalize world agricultural markets even more. This will mean increased import competition for American agricultural products, not less. Farmers have always been among the strongest supporters of free trade, because so much of what they produce is sold in the international marketplace.  The income our farm families earn in these foreign markets sustains our economy, and contributes greatly to our national well-being. But farm support for free trade cannot, and should not, be taken for granted.  As I said in support of this legislation last week, we are in the worst farm crisis since the depression of the 1930s. Now, low commodity prices are not caused exclusively by import competition. But it is certainly a contributing factor to these historically low prices.  If we lose the support of the farm community for free trade, Mr. President, I doubt that we will be able to win congressional approval for any new trade concessions that may be negotiated in the new round of trade talks. So this is all about fairness. It is about equality. It is about common sense.  For all of these reasons, and because, as Labor Secretary Goldberg said 37 years ago, we must recognize our responsibility as a humane government, I strongly urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  