 President, before I make my final point, and then yield the floor--hopefully, the Senator from Vermont will hear this--I hope we can get some agreement on both sidesto yield back some time when the present speakers are done speaking.  The issue of household goods is where I left off when the Senator from Vermont asked me to yield for a minute. On this next statement, I might surprise Senator Dodd and some of my colleagues, but I do somewhat agree with what was said last night. Under the bankruptcy code, household goods can't be seized by creditors. The point, as I understand it, from the Senator from Connecticut, is that perhaps the definition of household goods in the bill now could be loosened up so creditors can't get certain essential household items. I do see merit in this point. If the Senator from Connecticut were to modify his amendment just to deal with household goods, I would be pleased to work with him on that to get the bill accepted. But right now, the amendment of the Senator from Connecticut does much more than just deal with the household goods issue. I simply can't accept the other changes he has suggested.  Finally, last night, the Senator from Louisiana raised some criticism of the provision of the bill that fights fraud. Here is the problem we must address in doing bankruptcy reform: Some people load up on debts on the eve of declaring bankruptcy and then, of course, what they try to do to wipe those debts away by getting a discharge. Obviously, this is a type of fraud that Congress needs to protect against for the honest consumers who are paying that additional $400 per year. The bill now says debts for luxury items purchased within 90 days of bankruptcy in excess of $250 and also cash advances on credit cards made within 70 days in excess of $750 are presumed to be nondischargeable.  Now, again, this is very flexible on its face. Under the bill now, you can't buy $249 worth of luxury items such as caviar the day before you declare bankruptcy and still walk away scot-free. Under the bill now, you can get $749 worth of cash advances minutes before you declare bankruptcy and still walk away scot-free.  The question we have to answer is, How much more fraud do we want to tolerate in this bill? Haven't we tolerated enough in this bipartisan compromise, which I thank the Senator from New Jersey for working so hard with me on to get it put together? So we go to the amendment offered last night. This would allow $1,000 worth of fraud. In my view, that is way off base. So if you want to crack down on out and out fraud, you should support this bill Senator Torricelli and I have introduced. If you want to make it easier for crooks to game the bankruptcy system and to get a free ride at everybody else's expense, then you should support the amendment that was offered last night.  Well, obviously, unless the Senator from Connecticut would modify his amendment to limit it to household goods, I oppose that amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.  I yield the floor.  