 President, I rise today to express my opposition to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.  First, let me say I do believe my colleagues and I share the goal of decreasing the number of weapons of mass destruction found throughout the world. With that aside, my utmost concern is for the safety of each American, and I take very seriously my constitutional responsibility to review the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty as it relates to the security of American citizens. I must take into consideration not only the present state of the world, but the future as well.  I have, in the past, supported moratoriums on nuclear testing. In 1992, I voted in favor of imposing a 9-month moratorium on testing of nuclear weapons with only limited tests following the moratorium. Since the Eisenhower Administration, each President has sought a ban on nuclear testing to some degree. However, never before has an administration proposed a ban on nuclear testing with a zero-yield threshold and an unlimited time duration.  The goal of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty, also known as CTBT, is to ban all nuclear testing. However, I have not been convinced this treaty is in the best interests of the United States. From the lack of clear definitions to the incorrectness of underlying assumptions to the verification and enforcement provisions, I believe the treaty is fundamentally flawed. And, these flaws cannot be changed by Senate amendment.  I want to take a few moments to discuss my concerns regarding the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.  Verification is critical to the enforcement of any treaty. Without verification, enforcement cannot truthfully occur. The Clinton Administration has called for zero-yield under the CTBT. No yield. This means there should be no nuclear yield released when an explosion occurs. There is agreement among the Administration, the intelligence community and the Senate that a zero-yield threshold cannot be verified.  The issue of zero yield takes on another level of importance when it becomes clear that zero-yield is not the standard defined in the Treaty. It is the standard interpreted by President Clinton. Nowhere in the Treaty is there a definition of what is meant by a ``test.'' Other countries, notably Russia, have not interpreted the Treaty in the same manner. We don't know how China has interpreted the ban on ``tests.'' We don't know because we cannot verify that China and Russia are not testing. Therefore, not only do we have a potential standard that is impossible to verify, but other countries have the ability to interpret the Treaty differently and act upon their interpretation, and the United States will not be able to enforce the higher standard.  A second major concern of mine involves our existing nuclear stockpile. The cold war may be a thing of the past, but threats to our nation's security exist today. Our nuclear stockpileexists for a reason, and not only are new weapon technologies essential to our defense, it is also critical to maintain the security and safety of existing weapons.  Proponents of the CTBT maintain the United States does not need to conduct nuclear tests to maintain the integrity of our existing stockpile because of President Clinton's Stockpile Stewardship Program. The Stockpile Stewardship Program relies upon computer modeling and simulations as a substitute for testing. I believe the intent of the Stockpile Stewardship Program is good. However, I am not confident in the ability of the Stockpile Stewardship Program to keep our existing stockpile safe. One-third of all weapons designs introduced into the U.S. stockpile since 1985 have required and received post-deployment nuclear tests to resolve problems. In three-fourths of these cases, the problems were discovered only because of ongoing nuclear tests. In each case, the weapons were thought to be reliable and thoroughly tested.  I see three problems with the Stockpile Stewardship Program as it exists today. First, the technology has not been proven. In 1992 laboratory scientists proposed a series of tests to create the data bases and methodologies for stockpile stewardship under a ban on nuclear testing. These tests were not permitted. At the very least, actual nuclear tests are necessary to produce an accurate computer simulation. Second, data from past tests don't address aging, which is a central problem in light of the highly corrosive nature of weapon materials. Shelf life of U.S. nuclear weapons is expected to be 20 years, and many weapons are reaching that age. Without testing we will not have confidence in refurbished warheads. My third concern relates to China. Apparently, China has acquired the ``legacy'' computer codes of the U.S. nuclear test program. The Clinton administration proposes to base its efforts to assure stockpile viability on computer simulation which is highly vulnerable to espionage--and even to sabotage--by introducing false data. There is no such thing as a secure computer network.  The Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty will not go into effect until 44 specific countries both sign and ratify the Treaty. In addition to the United States, China, Russia, North Korea, Iran, India and Pakistan have yet to ratify, and India and Pakistan have not even signed the Treaty. The argument is made that U.S. ratification would quickly lead to ratification by these other countries. I would reply by saying that--as the Treaty is constructed--each of these countries could indeed sign and ratify the Treaty. Then, they could proceed with low-yield nuclear testing which cannot be verified.  Even if nuclear testing is suspected, under the terms of the CTBT, any inspection must be supported by 30 of the 51 members of an Executive Council elected by all State Parties to the Treaty. And, the United States is not even guaranteed a position on the Executive Council. Furthermore, onsite inspections are subject to a number of limitations. First, inspection activities are subject to time limits (25 days.) Any collection of radioactive samples must be accompanied by an approval by a majority of the Executive Council. No State Party is required to accept simultaneous on-site inspections on its territory. And finally, the State party under inspection may refuse to accept an observer from the State party requesting the inspection. There is currently a supporter of inspection limitations similar to these; his name is Saddam Hussein.  Effective arms control treaties can be extremely helpful in limiting the spread of weapons of mass destruction. Moratoriums on nuclear testing and limiting the yield of tests have highlighted the ability of the United States and other responsible countries to shape the current environment while protecting against the intentions of rogue states. I remain hopeful that our technology will one day rise to the level of verifying a zero-yield nuclear test ban. I remain hopeful that China, Russia, India and Pakistan may one day commit themselves--in both words and actions--to cease developing and testing nuclear weapons. Until that day, or until a Treaty is brought before the Senate that can be verified and fairly enforced, I will continue to support policy that protects American citizens. And in this case, it means opposing the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.  