  First of all, as to the amendment that is pending, authored by the Senator from Iowa, I thank the Senator from Alaska for offering my amendment yesterday, and I thank the Senator from Alaska for asking for a rollcall vote on my amendment, although this amendment has been offered 5 previous years and adopted 5 previous years without a rollcall. So, personally, I do not think it is necessary to have a rollcall vote. But if the chairman of the committee and the ranking member of the committee want such a rollcall vote, that is OK with me. So I will take then just a few minutes to speak about my amendment on matching disbursements with obligations.  The American taxpayers would take for granted, they would expect, the nurturing of their tax dollars to be so well done at the Federal level that Congress would not have to pass a special amendment which would say that the Department of Defense cannot pay out $1 of taxpayers' money without being able to match it with an invoice and contract that specified what goods or services they were buying. I hope in most of Government that is the case, but it has not been so with the Defense Department. In fact, I have been speaking for years on the subject of the tens of billions of dollars that have actually been spent, and at the time of payment, the department failed to match the particular service or goods that are being paid for with their corresponding contract.  I have had the support of the chairman of the Appropriations Committee in setting in place policies that would gradually reduce the amount of money that could be paid out without an invoice and contract to match. This policy has been incorporated in the lastfive appropriations bills--fiscal years 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, and 1999. We are now working on the fiscal year 2000 appropriations bill. It is my understanding that the committee supports the amendment again this year.  Under current law, the matching threshold is set at $1 million effective this month. This means that the Department of Defense disbursing officials must match each payment of $1 million or more with a corresponding obligation or contract before the payment is made. My pending amendment would continue the process of ratcheting down the threshold began 5 years ago. It would lower the threshold then from the $1 million in present law to $500,000. Reports of the General Accounting Office and inspectors general consistently show that this policy is helping to reduce DOD's unmatched disbursement problems. As I understand it, the DOD has lowered the threshold to zero in most disbursing centers.  I thank the Department of Defense for having adopted a policy that every taxpayer would assume is a principle of good Government management, and that is that they would not pay out one penny without being able to show what they ordered and received for that penny. That has become a policy at some of the disbursing centers but not at all the centers. So we want to see the threshold lowered to zero at all locations because we think it is just sound business management that not one penny of the taxpayers' dollars should be paid out if there is not an invoice and contract for what has been bought and received, either goods or services, for that amount of money.  So we are not quite at zero all over the country with all of the centers. Some Department of Defense disbursing centers still have problems. This amendment will help keep the pressure on and hopefully in time will help the Department of Defense eliminate in the future all unmatched disbursements, so that the Senator from Iowa will never have to come to the Senate floor again and say we have these billions of dollars that the Pentagon paid out and they have never been able to show exactly what they ordered and received.  If the threshold specified in this amendment is unworkable, then I have asked the chairman to adjust the dollar level in conference, but I hope it is so obvious that we will be able to tell the taxpayers of this country that we know what they are buying; that at least for the next year we should keep the pressure on for the still fantastically high level of $500,000 that could be paid out under certain circumstances without the invoice and contract immediately available.  I do not want to stand before the Senate and be embarrassed by saying that we can somehow justify even a $500,000 check being written without knowing what goods and services were, in fact, ordered and received and being paid for.  I thank the chairman of the committee, Senator Stevens, and I thank the ranking minority member, Senator Inouye, for their continuing support of this amendment. Every year for the last 5 years I have offered this amendment, and every year for the last 5 years they have put the amendment in the bill, kept it there and protected it in conference. This effort, particularly with their respected leadership in the area of defense, is very positive toward the Department of Defense changing their attitude about unmatched disbursements and leading us to a point where we are reducing the amount of unmatched disbursements.  I thank the chairman and ranking member for their unwavering support, and I hope all my colleagues will support this simple but important amendment. I yield the floor.  I have time left over, and if the Senator from Alaska wants some of my time, he can have it.  