 President, I am pleased to join my colleagues in introducing the Multidistrict Jurisdiction Act of 1999. This legislation would make a technical fix to section 1407 of Title 28, the multidistrict litigation statute, in response to the recent Supreme Court decision in Lexecon v. Milberg Weiss.  Section 1407(a) of Title 28 authorizes the Judicial Panel on Multi-District Litigation to transfer civil actions with common issues of fact to any district for coordinated or consolidated pretrial proceedings, but requires the Panel to remand any such action to the original district at or before the conclusion of such pretrial proceedings. Until the Lexecon decision, the federal courts followed the practice of allowing a transferee court to invoke the venue transfer provision and transfer a case to itself for trial purposes. However, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed this practice, holding that the literal terms of section 1407 do not give a district court conducting pretrial proceedings the authority to assign a transferred case to itself for trial.  This legislation would amend section 1407 of Title 28 to permit a judge with a transferred case to retain jurisdiction over multidistrict litigation cases for trial. This change was approved by the Judicial Conference and is supported by the Judicial Panel on Multi-District Litigation. The legislation also includes a provision under which a transferee court would transfer actions back to the federal district courts from which they came for a determination of compensatory damages if the interests of justice and the convenience of the parties so require.  The Multidistrict Jurisdiction Act of 1999 will promote the efficient administration of justice by allowing the federal courts to continue an effective practice they have been using for almost thirty years. It makes sense to allow the transferee judge who has conducted the pretrial proceedings and is familiar with the facts and parties of the transferred case to retain that case for trial. This significantly benefits the parties to a case, and reduces wasteful use of judicial and litigants' resources. I am glad to support this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it as well.  