 President, I rise today to discuss the critical issue of foster care. Today, there are more than 500,000 children and teens in our nation's foster care system. These children represent one of the most vulnerable segments of our population: Children who have been taken from unsafe homes, and children who have suffered from abuse and neglect. This group of children deserves all the love and attention of a loving, caring and permanent family. Foster care is not permanency. I repeat, foster care is and should not be viewed as permanency for children.  Unfortunately, some youth in foster care--estimated at 20,000 each year--are not placed in a permanent, safe home before they are graduated from the child welfare system. These youth are expected to be self-sufficient, in many States at the age of eighteen. Foster care independent living programs, also known as ILPs, were initiated in 1985 in an attempt to provide this segment of the foster care population with the skills necessary for self-sufficiency. States have flexibility in the type of services they provide to their older foster youth; some options include assistance in locating employment, help in completing high school, or training in budgeting and other living skills.  The results of ILPs have been, at best, mixed. Two weeks ago, the Government Accounting Office released a report entitled ``Effectiveness of Independent Living Services Unknown.'' GAO conducted a study of ILPs at the request of House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Human Resources Chairman Nancy Johnson. This report reveals that only one national study has been completed to date, and the study determined that ILPs have the ``potential to improve outcomes for youths.'' The study went on to say that ``while HHS is tasked with overseeing implementation of ILP, it has done little to determine program effectiveness and has no established method to review the states' progress in helping youths in the transition from foster care.'' The GAO report recommends that the Secretary of HHS develop ``a uniform set of data elements and a report format for state reporting . . . and concrete measures of effectiveness of assessing state ILPs.''  I have, for a number of years, been concerned about the issue of accountability within the child welfare system. And, the GAO report supports my belief that more explicit information is needed from the States and HHS in order to ensure that Federal money is being spend in a manner that truly benefits the lives of our nation's troubled youth.  Today, the Senate passed legislation that will double the amount of money provided to States to conduct independent living programs. And, I am highly disappointed in the lack of specificity and accountability measures within the bill. Yes, the Secretary of HHS will be required to develop outcome measures and identify data elements in an attempt to collect uniform data from the States. However, there is great leeway provided the Secretary in developing such measures and States are not required to improve upon their own past performance. The Foster Care Independence Act, as passed by the Senate, does require the Secretary to report within 12 months her plans and timetable for collecting data and information from States. I am committed to following the progress of the Secretary in collecting data and developing standards for the States. Rest assured, I will be watching. And, I will do whatever is required of me to ensure that our nation's foster youth are provided with the most effective and worthwhile services their State agencies can provide.  Accountability is critical in any human undertaking. It provides an environment for those doing well to be commended and recognized. And, it sheds light on those acting irresponsibly. We in Congress have the responsibility to see that taxpayer money is spend wisely. I see a no more critical responsibility than in ensuring States are responsibly spending money on vulnerable youth in foster care.  November is National Adoption Month. Earlier this month, I joined my colleagues with the Congressional Coalition on Adoption in celebrating those who have made a difference through adoption. I was able to honor three worthy individuals from the great State of Iowa: Ruth Ann Gaines and Jeff and Earletta Morris. Ruth Ann adopted an autistic boy more than 14 years ago, and the Morrises adopted a teenager just over a year ago. I am grateful for their efforts and heart-felt belief in the value of family, and I am glad to announce them ``Angels in Adoption.''  In closing, I want to reaffirm my commitment to finding permanent, loving families for each boy and girl currently without a loving and safe home. I am disappointed the Foster Care Independence Act did not contain more provisions supporting permanency. However, I will continue my efforts in support of permanency for children in foster care. Among others, Congresswoman Nancy Johnson has given me her word that she will work with me to improve accountability in the child welfare system. I look forward to working with all my colleagues in the next session to that end.  