 President, I know Senator Torricelli is expected to come to the floor to make a statement. While we are awaiting his arrival, I will address the Senate on a small but very important part of this legislation. That is the one that deals with chapter 12, making it permanent, as part of the bankruptcy reform legislation, so we do not have to, every 4 or 5 years or, as has been the case in the last 12 months, since it has sunsetted, had to reauthorize it two or three times on a short-term basis.  We are all in agreement it should be made permanent. People who have opposed making it permanent as a separate bill have thought it was necessary to do it at the same time as we offer the overall bankruptcy reform legislation. Hopefully, with this bill, S. 625, being adopted, we will never in the future have to deal with a separate reauthorization of a sunset chapter 12 because why should we have to sunset chapter 12, a provision that is made specifically for farming, when we don't do it for chapter 13, that is made specifically for individuals or small businesses, or chapter 11 that works very well for major corporations in America.  I want to visit with my colleagues about some very important provisions in the bill before us that are vital to family farmers in the Midwest generally, in Iowa in particular, as well as the country as a whole. Agriculture, wherever it is, is something unique and different from a lot of businesses in their situations, where sometimes they have a decline not only in income that might make bankruptcy be considered but also a decline in value of real estate that, previous to chapter 12, made it very difficult to keep up with the needs of a chapter 11 bankruptcy procedure.  As we all know from the recent debate we had within the last month on the emergency Ag appropriations bill, many of America's farmers are facing financial ruin. We have some of the lowest commodity prices in 30 years. Pork producers have lost billions of dollars in equity, not just in income but billions of dollars of equity, with the lowest prices of pork in 60 years that we had just 12 months ago. Pork producers have not only lost, but the price of corn is currently well under the cost of production. The cash market for soybeans has reached a 23-year low. This is all in addition to poor weather conditions in parts of the United States, particularly the drought of the East Coast, the drought of Texas, the fires in Florida, and flooding in various parts of the Midwest.  These circumstances have sent many farming operations in a tailspin. Clearly, we need to make sure family farmers continue to have bankruptcy protection available to them and a protection that satisfies the uniqueness of farming, as we have had other sections of the code try to be written to meet the uniqueness of other business arrangements within our society and our economy.  Particularly, chapter 12 is going to be needed in good times as well as bad times--maybe not used in good times, but it needs to be there to meet the different arrangements of the different segments of the country and also the different drought and flooding conditions that happen from time to time, as well as the unpredictability of the economy, particularly the international economy, when the Southeast Asian financial crisis brought a downturn in our exports and squeezed the farmers' income at this particular time.  Title X of S. 625 of this bill makes chapter 12 permanent and makes several changes to chapter 12 to make it more accessible for farmers and to give farmers new tools to assist in reorganizing their financial affairs.  Back in the mid-1980s when Iowa was in the midst of another devastating farm crisis, I wrote chapter 12 to make sure family farmers would receive a fair shake when dealing with the banks and the Federal Government. At that time, I didn't know if chapter 12 was going to work or not, so it was only enacted on a temporary basis.  Chapter 12 has been an unmitigated success. As a result of chapter 12, many farmers in Iowa and across the country are still farming and contributing to America's economy. With a new crisis in farm country now, just 15 years from the last one, we need to make sure chapter 12 is a permanent part of Federal law, and this bankruptcy bill does exactly that.  As was the case with the dark days of the mid-1980s, some are predicting that family farms should consolidate and we should turn to corporate farming to supply our food and agricultural products. As with the 1980s, some people seem to think family farms are inefficient relics that should be allowed to go out of business. This would mean the end of an important part of our Nation's economy and a certain heritage that is connected with it. And it would put many hard-working American families--those who farm and those whose jobs depend on a healthy agricultural sector--out of work.  But the family farm didn't disappear in the 1980s, and that crisis was very bad as well. It was not only an income crisis, as is the situation now, but there was a tremendous drop in equity at that particular time.  I believe chapter 12 is a major reason for the survival of many financially troubled family farms. We have an Iowa State University study prepared by the outstanding Professor Neil Harl. He found that 84 percent of the Iowa farmers who used chapter 12 were able to continue farming. Those are real jobs for all sorts of Iowans in agriculture and in industries that depend upon agriculture. According to the same study, 63 percent of the farmers who used chapter 12 found it helpful in getting them back on their feet. In short, I think it is fair to say chapter 12 worked in the mid 1980s and it should be made permanent so family farmers in trouble today can get breathing room and a fresh start if that is what they need to make it.  But the most obvious reason for having it is that chapter 11, written for corporate America, does not fit the needs of agriculture or the economics of agriculture.  The Bankruptcy Reform Act before us doesn't just make chapter 12 permanent. Instead, the bill makes improvements to chapter 12 so it will be more accessible and helpful for those in the agricultural community. First, the definition of the family farmer is widened so that more farmers can qualify for chapter 12 bankruptcy protection. Second, and perhaps most important, my bankruptcy bill reduces the priority of capital gains tax liabilities for farm assets sold as part of a reorganization plan. This will have the beneficial effect of allowing cash-strapped farmers to sell livestock, grain, and other farm assets to generate cash flow when liquidity is essential to maintaining a family farm operation. These reforms will make chapter 12 even more effective in protecting America's family farms during this difficult period.  So it is really imperative that we keep chapter 12 alive. Before we had chapter 12, banks held a veto over reorganization plans. They would not negotiate with people in agriculture, and the farmer would be forced to auction off the farm, even if the farm had been in the family for generations. Now, because of chapter 12, the banks are willing to come to terms. We must pass S. 625 to make sure America's family farms have a fighting chance to reorganize their financial affairs.  Before I yield the floor, I see my good friend and coworker on this legislation, the Senator from New Jersey, Mr. Torricelli, has come to the floor to make some remarks. As I said last night and I want to say today, because he wasn't able to be here last night, I really appreciate that from day 1 of our even visiting about the possibility of putting together a bipartisan bill, as we had done in the previous Congress, because he was new to the committee and to this effort, not participating at the committee level in the efforts I had with Senator Durbin of Illinois during the previous Congress on a bill that just about made it through--not knowing those things could work out, we sat down and visited about that possibility.  That initial visit brought us to putting together the legislation that is before us, legislation as introduced with the idea that he and I may not have agreed to everything down to the last jot and tittle with that legislation, but that we would be able, through the ensuing months, to work out differences and come to an agreement and get a bill out of committee. He has kept his word, and he has worked with us.  I don't know whether people who don't participate in the legislative process know how much easier that is, such a better environment in which to write legislation and to make public policy. I don't see that often enough. I see it in this legislation through the cooperation of Senator Torricelli. Obviously, that sort of cooperation is two ways: He gives; I give. People who look to him for leadership--he has to carry some water for colleagues of his who want him to work things out. I have to do the same thing. But whether it is as a water carrier for our colleagues or whether it is for the individual philosophy of Senator Torricelli or myself, we have been able to bring this together. I thank him for that cooperation.  I yield the floor.  