 President, today I rise in support of an amendment I am sponsoring with Senator Conrad to establish trade negotiating objectives for the new round of multilateral trade negotiations the United States will help launch in about four weeks with 133 other WTO member nations in Seattle.  The principles contained in this amendment are important because the upcoming negotiations in agriculture are so vital to our farm economy, and vital to the United States.  The last multilateral trade round, the Uruguay Round, established, for the first time, multilateral rules on market access, export subsidies, and domestic support for agriculture.  But as significant as the Uruguay Round was for agriculture, it was only a first step. Much remains to be done.  Agricultural tariffs in industrial countries still average more than 40 percent, compared with tariffs of 5 to 10 percent in manufactured goods.  The average world agricultural tariff is 56 percent. In the United States, it is 3 percent. But tariffs for some agricultural products reach 200 percent or more.  Export subsidies are still far too high, and distort trade in third-country markets.  Producer subsidy equivalents, which measure assistance to producers in terms of the value of transfers to farmers generated by agricultural policy, are also far higher in the European Union than in the United States.  These transfers are paid either by consumers or by taxpayers in the form of market price support, direct payments, or other support.  The Producer subsidy equivalent for all agricultural products in the EU has averaged around 45 percent.  In the United States, the producer subsidy equivalent is only 16 percent.  So-called ``Blue Box'' spending is also out of control. This is the trade-distorting spending that was authorized in the Uruguay Round.  Currently, the United States has no programs that fall within the Blue Box. But the European Union maintains huge trade-distorting subsidy payments.  We should finally admit that the Blue Box is a mistake, and eliminate it completely.  State trading enterprises allow some countries to undercut United States exports into third markets and restrict imports.  And the principle of sound science is being thwarted with regard to bio-engineered products, to the great detriment of our farm economy.  We need to address all of these issues in the upcoming WTO negotiations.  But we also need to make certain that when we negotiate with our trading partners, that the deal we finally implement is the one that was actually negotiated, and not a different agreement that was changed later through secret understanding or side arrangement.  This is an important principle of international law. It is also a basic principle of equity and fairness.  Only after the WTO Agreement was signed into law did some of us in the Senate learn for the first time that there was more to the Uruguay Round agreement than we originally thought, due to secret side agreements.  This must not happen again.  The amendment I am offering with Senator Conrad will insure that this practice will end.  The only trade deal that should be enforced is the one the parties actually negotiated.  I strongly urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment, so that we can get this new round of trade negotiations off to the best possible start.  