 President, I am pleased to co-sponsor this amendment to increase the appropriation for veterans medical care by $600 million over the amount reported by the committee.  This additional $600 million will bring the appropriations for veterans health care in both the House and the Senate to a total of $1.7 billion over the amount requested by the President. This increase should help stabilize veterans health care services in Iowa.  Iowa is in Network 14, which includes most of Nebraska, part of Illinois, and parts of Kansas, Missouri and Minnesota. Network 14 is one of those which has steadilly lost funding under the Veterans Equitable Resource Allocation System, the funding system which, several years ago, changed the way VA monies are distributed around the country.  In addition, as my colleagues know, the VA health care system, following developments in the rest of the nation's health care system, has been emphasizing care in outpatient settings where appropriate. In keeping with this policy, the network including Iowa has developed outpatient clinics in several communities around the State, as well as health screening activities around the State.  In many respects, this shift to an outpatient focus is good policy. Certainly care should be given at the most medically appropriate level. Veterans can receive that care closer to home than might otherwise be the case if sufficient community clinics can be created. It is also probably the case that more veterans can be served by such an approach to health care services. This has certainly been the case in Iowa. Between 1996 and 1998 the total number of veterans served in Iowa has increased from 43,856 to 47,225, an increase of 3,369. Veterans treated on an inpatientbasis declined from 7,615 to 5,204 over that period, but veterans treated on an outpatient basis increased from 36,241 to 42,021.  Unfortunately, the combination of the shift of funding away from States like mine to the south and southwest, and tight Federal budgets for veterans health care has resulted in a squeeze on the budget for Network 14. Although the network has been able to continue to serve the category 7 veterans, I regularly hear complaints about very long waits for service, and, occasionally, about episodes of poor quality service which seem linked to too few staff.  I hope that this increase of $1.7 billion beyond what the President requested will help ease the budget squeeze of Iowa and Network 14, and will help prevent any further deterioration in access to services for Iowa's veterans. I am aware, of course, that the VA will be providing a 4.8 percent increase for VA employees, and this will come from the appropriation for VA programs. And health care costs continue to inflate. Nevertheless, this increased appropriation should help us in Iowa.  