 President, because of the lowest commodity prices in a quarter century in the Midwest and probably every place else in the United States, I support the conference report we are considering this afternoon. While there are elements of the legislation that I might not support, or would rather not have in the bill, I think the greater good is served by passing this legislation as quickly as possible. The sooner we pass this legislation, the sooner we can assist the family farmer. That was our intention when we began this process the first week of August, and I am glad to see it will be accomplished in the near future.  As everyone is aware, there is a crisis in rural America due to these low commodity prices. I made a promise 3 years ago to guarantee a smooth transition from big government command and control to a market-driven agricultural economy. We predicted 3 years ago, in the 1996 farm bill, that that smooth transition would require about $5.5 billion for the year 1999. We didn't anticipate the lowest prices in 25 years and, obviously, that transition turned out to be more difficult than we anticipated. To remedy the situation we have added economic assistance in this bill that we did not predict was necessary three years ago.  A number of factors have contributed to the downturn in the agriculture economy that we have experienced over the last 18 months. I would like to tell you that the answer to our problem is as easy as changing the 1996 farm bill. But, in fact, the economics involved are complex and international. For example, we saw soybean prices take a nosedive a while back, not because of anything we did in this country, but because the Brazilian currency lost one-quarter of its value overnight. Brazil happens to be a major soybean producer and also an exporter. That action also shaved roughly a dollar a bushel off of U.S. soybean prices.  Another example is that Asia has been one of our fastest growing and strongest export markets. But when the Asian economy crashed, they could no longer buy American pork and our grain. The financial crisis Asia experienced hurt all our farmers in America, even my friends and neighbors back at New Hartford, Iowa.  Global trade manifested by exports has become a mainstay of our Nation's family farmers. Roughly one-fourth of farm receipts today come from overseas sales. Iowa is a significant supplier to the world, being the Nation's No. 2 exporter of agricultural commodities, after California. The solution is to increase our access to world markets by passing fast track and opening doors through the World Trade Organization and other trade agreements, not by limiting our ability to compete in the world market by choking our own production.  There are 100 million new mouths to feed every year, almost a billion in the next decade. Farmers someplace in the world are going to feed those new mouths. I would rather it be Iowa or United States products than Brazilian and Argentine products. We can do it and compete. In the short-term though, the most effective means of helping our family farmers in need is providing economic assistance as quickly as possible.  The fastest means to provide emergency relief to our farmers is through the AMTA mechanism. I would like to mention that some of my colleagues have criticized our plan to distribute income assistance through the AMTA payment mechanism. I have heard and witnessed statements that would lead some to believe that landowners who do not share in production risk or management are benefiting from this assistance. The 1996 farm bill states that payments are only available to those who ``assume all or part of the risk of producing a crop.''  Recently, 53 Senators signed a bipartisan letter asking Secretary Glickman whether there are payments being made to those who do not share risk in agriculture--risk in a specific farming operation. If that is occurring we have requested in the letter to Secretary Glickman that the proper disciplinary action for any official approving payments in this manner be administered. But if this is not happening, I apologize for my colleagues who have delayed the process by making baseless claims due to their own ignorance.  So the action we take today guarantees the future stability of the family farmer and the agricultural economy. It is with this in mind that I support this cloture motion and hope this bill passes, because within 10 days after getting this bill signed by the President, this money can be distributed to the farmers of America.  