 President, I know the Senator from New York is very sincere about the amendment he has proposed. I know he is cognizant of a discussion on a similar subject that we had on the amendment by the Senator from Connecticut last week. I think in a good-faith effort he comes in with something that does not go quite as far as Senator Dodd's amendment goes. But I still think, for the very same reasons I expressed opposition to the Dodd amendment last week, I must express opposition to the Moynihan amendment.  In addition, I think perhaps by setting up one category for people who are in bankruptcy court who are below the national average and allowing a certain behavior on their part that you don't for people above the national average of income sets up a double standard that is not justified.  I oppose this amendment for pretty much the same reasons I opposed the Dodd amendment--that Congress needs to be very careful to fight against fraud and abuse and to say no to fraud and no to this financial abuse whenever we can. It seems to me it is a standard of ethic that is justified--being against fraud and abuse and treating it the same wherever it might happen.  One type of fraud and abuse involves loading up on debt right before bankruptcy and then discharging that debt. It doesn't seem to me we need to allow that above the limits of our legislation. The bill before us now contains provisions limiting the amount of debt incurred to purchase luxury goods within 90 days of declaring bankruptcy.  Senator Moynihan's amendment would let people below the median income load up on more debt than higher income people. This lets people at low income levels get away with fraud and more fraud. I think this is not a very good idea. I respectfully oppose this amendment with obvious good intentions. I have never known Senator Moynihan to have anything but good intentions, but this is one amendment that could bring about very unfair results as we allow people at a lower income get away with more fraud and abuse than we would people with higher income.  I oppose the amendment and yield the floor.  