 President, before we start this very important bankruptcy reform legislation, first, thanks for working out the necessary parliamentary arrangements for bringing this bill up are owed to our majority leader, the Senator from Mississippi, and our minority leader, the Democratic leader, the Senator from South Dakota. So I thank them very much.  Then secondly, not only because this bill is up now on the floor of the Senate but also for the process of getting it through the Judiciary Committee, we, obviously, thank the Senator from Utah, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. Hatch, for his leadership at the level of the committee and for a lot of things that had to be worked out to get us to the floor. And also thanks to the Senator from Vermont, the ranking Democratic member of the Judiciary Committee, for his cooperation.  Since the beginning of the year, I have had the opportunity to work with the ranking minority member of our subcommittee that I chair, the Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts, the Senator from New Jersey, Mr. Torricelli. Working with him has been a real treat, always with efforts to reach agreement. And for people throughout this country who have a tendency to be cynical about Washington, because of the lack of cooperation between the Democratic Party and the Republican Party, I wish they could feel the working relationship Senator Torricelli, a Democrat, and I have had working on this legislation from its original introduction, with his not agreeing to everything Iintroduced--he was a cosponsor--but with a spirit that throughout this process, which has gone on since January to this point of bringing the bill up on the floor of the Senate, that we would work cooperatively and in a spirit of cooperation to reach further compromises. I hope that brings us to a point where we do not have a lot of controversial amendments on the floor of the Senate, at least as they relate to the bankruptcy subject, the relevant amendments.  There will be a lot of amendments that have been in this bipartisan unanimous-consent agreement that are considered nongermane amendments, which will be brought up, that are controversial. We expected that to be part of the process. But for the amendments we have that relate to bankruptcy, I think there will be a lot fewer amendments because of the cooperation Senator Torricelli has shown in this compromise.  For the second time in 2 years, the Senate is considering fundamental bankruptcy reform. Last year, we passed a bankruptcy reform bill but the Senate was prevented from considering the final conference report at the very end of the 105th Congress. This year, we have the chance to finish this important work. We've been waiting for some time to get this bill up on the floor, and now that we're here, I'm anxious to begin the debate.  Bankruptcy is one of the most complicated subjects we will consider this year. So, at the outset, Mr. President, I think it's important for me as the chairman of the subcommittee with jurisdiction over bankruptcy to take a few minutes to describe what bankruptcy reform is really all about in commonsense terms that we can all understand. Simply put, bankruptcy is a court proceeding where people get their debts wiped away. Every time a debt is wiped away through bankruptcy somebody loses money. That's plain and simple common sense. Of course, when somebody who extends credit has their obligation wiped away in bankruptcy, they are forced to make a decision. Should this loss simply be swallowed as a cost of business? Or do you raise prices for other customers to make up for your losses?  When bankruptcy losses are rare or infrequent, lenders can just swallow the loss. But when bankruptcies are frequent and common, lenders have to raise their prices to offset losses. For this reason, Treasury Secretary Larry Summers testified at his confirmation hearing before the Senate Finance Committee that bankruptcies tend to drive up interest rates. Mr. President, if you believe Secretary Summers, bankruptcies are everyone's problem. Regular hardworking Americans have to pay higher prices for goods and services as a result of bankruptcies. The bankruptcy bill we're considering will discourage bankruptcies, and therefore lessen upward pressure on interest rates and higher prices by making it harder for people who can repay their debts to wipe them away. It seems like common sense to require people who can repay their debts to pull their own weight. But under our current bankruptcy laws, someone can get full debt cancellation in chapter 7 with no questions asked. If we pass S. 625, bankruptcy judges and trustees will start asking questions about ability to repay. And, if someone seeking bankruptcy can repay, they will be channeled into Chapter 13 of the Bankruptcy Code, which requires people to repay some portion of their debts as a pre-condition for limited debt cancellation. Of course, people who can't repay can still use the bankruptcy system as they would have before. But, for people with higher incomes who can repay their debts, the free ride will be over.  The basic bankruptcy policy question the Senate has to answer is this: Should people with means be required to pay at least some of their debts under Chapter 13 or not? Right now, the current bankruptcy system is oblivious to the financial condition of someone asking to be excused from paying his debts. The richest captain of industry could walk into a Bankruptcy Court tomorrow and walk out with his debts erased. And, as I described earlier, the rest of America will pay higher prices for goods and services as a result.  I would ask my colleagues to think about that for a second. If we had no bankruptcy system at all, and we were starting from scratch, would we design a system that lets the rich walk away from their debts and shift the costs to society at large, including the poor and the middle class? I don't think that any of us here would design such a system. But somehow, that's exactly the system we have now. I could easily imagine the fiery rhetoric from our more liberal friends if we on the Republican side were to even suggest that the Senate create a bankruptcy system that lets the wealthy and the well-to-do walk away from their debts and stick working Americans with the tab. But we have just such a system in place today.  Mr. President, if Senators ask themselves the question ``Who wins and who loses under current law, and who will win and who will lose if we pass S. 625,'' then I think that the importance of bankruptcy reform becomes pretty obvious. If you believe President Clinton's own Treasury Secretary, society at large loses under the current system when bankruptcies drive up interest rates. Of course, it's the deadbeats who walk away from their debts who win under the current system. If we pass this bill, then the American people will win as upward pressure on interest rates and prices is removed. And people who look at bankruptcy as a convenient financial planning tool will lose.  Mr. President, I think our situation is urgent. Our bankruptcy system is spiraling out of control. These are good times in our Nation. Thanks to the fiscal discipline initiated by Congress, and the hard work of the American people, we have the first balanced budget in a generation. Unemployment is low, we have a burgeoning stock market and most Americans are optimistic about the future. But in the midst of such prosperity, about one and a half million Americans declared bankruptcy just in 1998. Based on filings for the first two quarters of 1999, it looks like there will be just under 1.4 million bankruptcy filings for this year. To put this in some historical context, since 1990 the rate of personal bankruptcy filings has increased almost 100 percent. Now, I don't think that anyone knows all the reasons underlying the bankruptcy crisis. But I think I can talk about what's not at the root of the bankruptcy crisis. I have a chart here that shows the dramatic increase in bankruptcies since 1993. During the same timeframe, as the chart shows, unemployment has declined just as dramatically and real wages have risen to an all-time high.  The economic numbers tell us that the bankruptcy crisis isn't the result of people who can't get jobs. And the jobs that people do have are paying more than ever. So, the bankruptcy crisis isn't about desperate people confronting layoffs and underemployment. With the economy doing so well, and with so many Americans with high-quality, good-paying jobs, we have to look deep into the eroding moral values of some to find out what's driving the bankruptcy crisis. Some people flat out don't want to honor their obligations and are looking for an easy way out. In the opinion of this Senator, a significant part of the bankruptcy crisis is basically a moral crisis. Some people just don't have a sense of personal responsibility.  It seems clear to me that our lax bankruptcy system must bear some of the blame for the bankruptcy crisis. Just as the welfare system we used to have encouraged people not to get jobs and encouraged people not to even think about pulling their own weight, our lax bankruptcy system doesn't even ask people to consider paying what they owe. Such a system obviously contributes to the fraying of the moral fiber of our Nation. Why pay your bills when you can walk away with no questions asked? Why honor your obligations when you can take the easy way out through bankruptcy? If we don't tighten the bankruptcy system, this moral erosion will certainly continue.  Mr. President, the polls are very clear that the American people want the bankruptcy system tightened up. In my home State of Iowa, 78 percent of Iowans surveyed favor bankruptcy reform. And the picture is the same nationally. According to the PBS program ``Techno-Politics,'' almost 70 percent of Americans support bankruptcy reform. The American people seem to sense that the bankruptcy crisis is fundamentally a moral crisis. Accordingto a poll conducted by the Democratic polling firm of Penn & Schoen on perceptions of bankruptcy, 84 percent of Americans think that bankruptcy is more socially acceptable today than a few years ago. Of course, Penn & Schoen is a Democratic polling firm used by President Clinton. So, I think that this number is very telling given that it was produced by a liberal polling firm.  In my State of Iowa, the editorial page of the Des Moines Register has summed up the problem we have with the bankruptcy system by stating that bankruptcy ``was never intended as the one-stop, no-questions-asked solution to irresponsibility.'' I totally agree. So, let's look at the situation we face today. We have a bankruptcy system which fosters irresponsibility and which operates as a regressive system for redistributing economic resources from America's working families to the wealthy. In effect, blue collar factory workers are paying the tab for well-compensated professionals to live high on the hog.  Mr. President, as we move forward to debate bankruptcy reform, I believe that we must keep in mind the fact that the bankruptcy crisis is both an economic problem and moral problem. If we pass meaningful bankruptcy reform this year, as I hope and expect that we will, the Senate can remove a drag on the economy and at the same time contribute the rebuilding of our Nation's moral foundations.  Mr. President, over 30 years ago, Senator Albert Gore, Sr.--the father of the Vice-President--introduced a bill to means-test Chapter 7 debtors. In his introductory statement, in words that still ring true today, he described the similarities between special tax loopholes and lax bankruptcy laws. Senator Gore said that bankruptcy is like a special interest tax loophole in that someone gets out of paying his fair share at the expense of hardworking Americans who play by the rules. I think that Senator Gore had it exactly right all the way back then.  In the last Congress we almost closed the Chapter 7 loophole. The Senate and House both passed good bills, and we made them both better in a conference report that received overwhelming bipartisan support in the other body. But we ran out of time in the Senate. I've made every effort to be fair and bipartisan throughout this process. When Senator Torricelli became my ranking member at the beginning of this year, I went to him and asked him to work with me on a new bankruptcy bill. Senator Torricelli asked for several modifications to last year's bankruptcy bill to respond to concerns raised by Members on his side of the aisle. I agree to make many of these changes. The means-test is much more flexible in this year's bill, giving judges greater discretion to consider the individual circumstances of each debtor. The bill contains much tougher penalties for using threats to coerce debtors into paying debts which could be wiped away once they are in bankruptcy. The bill also requires the Justice Department to concentrate law enforcement resources on enforcing consumer protection laws against abusive debt collection practices, and allows State law enforcement to enforce State consumer protections in bankruptcy court. The committee report lists these modifications in greater detail and summarizes the major changes from last year's conference report. Mr. President, when all of these many changes are considered in a fair and reasonable way, I believe that it will be clear that a great majority of Senators can support S. 625 as it is right now. But there's more. The Grassley-Torricelli amendment contains even more changes to ensure that lower income Americans are not disadvantaged by this reform. A provision to impose personal liability on debtor attorneys--which I strongly suppport--has been removed. And the Grassley-Torricelli amendment contains numerous changes to the small business title of the bankruptcy bill to add new flexibility.  Shortly, I will cosponsor an amendment with Senator Torricelli to require credit card companies to give consumers meaningful information about minimum payments on credit cards. Consumers will be warned against making only minimum payments, and there will be an example to drive this point home. Finally, consumers will be given a toll-free phone number to call where they can get information about how long it will take to pay off their own credit card balances if they make only the minimum payments. This new information will truly educate consumers. This new information will improve the financial literacy of American consumers.  In the Judiciary Committee, S. 625 was passed on a strong, bipartisan vote of 14-4. All Republicans and half of the Democrats voted for the bill. So, we have a good bill and one that most Members of the Senate should be able to support at the end of the day. With so many consumer protections and disclosures, I'm confident that the Senate will pass S. 625 with strong support.  In addition to benefitting society at large, lessening upward pressures on interest rates, S. 625 makes a number of changes which I believe will be very beneficial to especially vulnerable segments of our society. Child support claimants have been given the highest priority when the assets of a bankruptcy estate are distributed to creditors. Bankruptcy trustees and creditors of bankrupts are required to give information about the location of deadbeat parents who owe child support, turning our bankruptcy courts into a low cost locator service for custodial parents. And finally, under S. 625 parents owning child support can erase a wider array of debts than is typically the case, thereby preventing private creditors from competing with child support claims in a post-bankruptcy environment. This is an important point that I think everyone should realize. Under the Senate bill, child support will never compete with private creditors after bankruptcy. This is a unique feature of this year's Senate bill, so many Members may not be aware of it. I would ask Senators interested in child support and bankruptcy to study section 314 of the bill.  S. 625 also makes Chapter 12 of the Bankruptcy Code permanent. This means that America's family farms are guaranteed the ability to reorganize as our farm economy continues to be weak. As we all know from our recent debate on emergency farm aid, while prices have rebounded somewhat recently, farmers in my home State of Iowa and across the Nation are getting some of the lowest prices ever for pork, corn and soybeans. Clearly, this bill is an important step in preserving the integrity of our farming economy and preserving the family farm.  S. 625 contains changes to deal with the complex problem of international bankruptcies. S. 625 will speed up the Chapter 11 process for small businesses and will reduce the risk of domino-like failures in financial markets.  In Conclusion, S. 625 is good for family farmers, good for small businesses, good for single parents who depend on child support and good for consumers. If you care about making people in string financial shape pull their own weight, you should vote for this bill. If you care about the lax morality associated with letting people who have the clear ability to pay walk away from their debts with no question asked, you should vote for this bill. When the time comes, I'm sure that common sense will reign and the Senate will pass S. 625, with strong support.  