 President, I want to address a family farm issue and I want to take this opportunity to send a clear message to other portions of agriculture that I sense are not supporting the family farmers of America the way they should be, when in reality, the organizations I'm finding fault with are in the very same boat as any family farmer in America. What's even more disturbing to me, some of these really big megapork producers in America refer to themselves as family farms. It's in the title of their organization.  The fact is, Mr. President, family farmers are facing the lowest soybean prices in 23 years. Farmers are currently storing more soybeans on the farm than at any other point in the 1990's. In addition, the American Soybean Association forecasts this year the United States will have a larger number of carry-out stocks than at any other point this decade. Due to the excessive available supply, family farmers marketing soybeans are in a very difficult situation.  Soybean prices will not improve until U.S. reserves are diminished. But, believe it or not, the cooperative that I've referred to, composed of some of the largest livestock integrators in the Nation, are planning to import soybean meal from Brazil. And, of course, this is going to have a very significant negative impact on American soybean producers. But, more important, it is demoralizing to the family farmers of America who are producing soybeans to read reports about other so-called family farmers importing soybean meal from another country.  The cooperative located in the Southeast United States will bring in three foreign shipments totaling 75,000 metric tons of soybean meal. And, by the way, for those of you who don't know agriculture, soybean meal is used as a protein supplement in feed, which when combined with corn and other feed grains helps to prepare the hogs for slaughter and domestic consumption.  I reported to you that they will be bringing in 75,000 metric tons of soybean meal on three different foreign shipments. It takes approximately 52 bushels of soybeans to produce one metric ton of soybean meal. This means that U.S. soybean producers are losing an opportunity to market nearly 4 million bushels of soybeans to these six producers of hogs who are part of this cooperative.  With the current crisis in the agriculture community, it's an understatement to say that this purchase has not been well-received by soybean producers. It has already been my impression that when times are tough on the farm, the agriculture community, both farm and non-farm, pitches in to help each other. From individual barn raisings to emergency hay lifts, family farmers stick together to help each other. Now, with soybeans under $5 a bushel, and that's a 23-year low, I would hope that this was one of those times when the ag community would come together in the face of adversity.  Maybe I'm wrong, or maybe the livestock integrators which make up the cooperative in question don't understand the impact of their actions. One of the entities involved in the cooperative holds itself out to be a family farm organization. Well, if it's really a family farm, this is the perfect time to show its true colors and support American family farmers.  Mr. President, if the entities within this cooperative buying group want to be considered as family farmers, they should support the family farmers, and I'm speaking specifically about Murphys' Family Farms, Carroll Foods, Prestage, Smithfield Foods, Goldsboro Farms, and Nashjohnson and Sons Farms. These are the members of this cooperative that are buying soybean meal from Brazil when we have this oversupply in our own country.  Now, as I indicated to you, family farmers generally help family farmers. And I have never once complained in America as a matter of public policy about something being too big. These are obviously very big producers of pork in the United States. I have no resentment that they are successful. But some of these operations feed some of their livestock in my State of Iowa. We are the number-one soybean-producing State. It seems to me that whether the feed in question that's coming from Brazil is used in North Carolina or used in Iowa, it still is wrong to do this to the people that you consider your neighbors in each of these States. I would like to have all these farmers get their heart into American family farm agriculture or get their rear-end out.  I urge this cooperative to reassess its position and consider the plight of the family farmer. Place American farmers' long-term interests above what may only be a short-term gain and obviously a very bad public relations stunt for each of you. I yield the floor.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  