 President, the President of the United States vetoed the largest tax decrease bill to pass the Congress since 1981. By doing this, he wants to continue the tax overpayment that working Americans are paying into the Federal Treasury.  The President is saying in his veto that we ought to continue to tax the taxpayers at the 21 percent of gross domestic product level, where taxes are now, the highest level in the history of our country, as opposed to the last 50 years when taxes fell in the range of 18 to 19 percent of gross domestic product.  The people of the United States have been willing and, through consensus, settled on the level of 18 to 19 percent of gross domestic product, both from the standpoint of what they are willing to pay into the Federal Government and also from the standpoint of how that is, at a lower level of taxation, better for the economy.  The President said in his veto message we would put in jeopardy several government programs if we did not continue to tax at this level. The President didn't say in so many words, but he has a plan for spending the $792 billion that the Congress would let the American taxpayers keep. By spending it, he would do it in a fashion that would end up with a $200 billion additional national debt than what we would have by giving the $792 billion to the taxpayers. He would, in a sense, jack up the level of expenditure of the Federal Government to well over the present level of expenditure and put in jeopardy balancing the budget if we had a downturn in the economy and the taxes did not come into the Federal Treasury at the rate of 21 percent of gross domestic product.  Even though the bill passed in a bipartisan way when it first went through the Senate, on final passage it ended up being a Republican tax reduction that went to the President because there were not any people on the other side of the aisle who voted for it.  We were saying that this tax overpayment ought to be left with workingAmericans because only the people spending the money or investing it do it in a way that creates wealth in America and creates jobs as a result of the creation of wealth.  Anybody who thinks money is better left in the Federal Treasury--at the highest rate of taxation in the history of the country, at 21 percent of GDP--ought to realize that there are not jobs created as a result of that money going into the Federal till because the Federal Government is not a creator of wealth. Our involvement with the creation of wealth is to leave as many resources as we can to the ingenuity of American working men and women to invest and to spend because it turns over so many more times in the economy than when it is spent by us in Washington.  So this tax decrease, the largest since 1981, was our effort to give a tax refund to working Americans by returning the tax overpayment. We do it in a responsible manner, by devoting 75 percent of the $3 trillion surplus that is going to come into the Federal Treasury over the next 10 years to Social Security, Medicare, paying down the national debt, and other domestic priorities. We would leave three-fourths of that extra dollar that people pay in taxes that do not need to be paid, with the Federal Government for paying down the national debt, strengthening Social Security, $505 billion that could be set aside for strengthening Medicare and other domestic programs, and we would leave 25 percent of that surplus with the taxpayers because we know that hard-working men and women in America can use that money better than it can be misspent here in Washington.  It seems to me the President was intellectually dishonest last week when, in his veto message--that was on television; everybody heard it--he said we were threatening Social Security, we were threatening Medicare, we were not paying down the national debt when we had this tax cut. I say that is intellectual dishonesty because the plan we sent to the President had in mind reserving all of the Social Security payroll tax money to Social Security, paying down the national debt, with $505 billion for strengthening Medicare and other domestic priorities within our Government, and still leaving $800 billion to the taxpayers.  It is only fair to give the taxpayers this money because it is their money that created the surplus in the first place. It is not the hard work of bureaucrats in Washington, it is not the hard work of Members of Congress that created this surplus, it is the ingenuity of the American people. For that ingenuity, they are being overtaxed at this particular time to the tune of 21 percent of gross domestic product compared to the 50-year history of somewhere between 18 percent and 19 percent. It is only fair to give them their money back.  Even Democrats agree that the surplus should be returned to the taxpayers. One Member of the other side of the aisle said this:       I strongly believe we should return part of that money      [meaning the surplus] to hard-working Americans. To suggest      we cannot afford to cut income taxes when we are running a $3      trillion surplus is ludicrous.  That is from a Member of the Senate from the other side of the aisle. That same Member said:       To say that tax cuts stand in the way of needed domestic      spending, Medicare and debt relief, is also folly.  It is too bad the President of the United States does not listen to Members of his own party.  The President wants you to believe he vetoed just a $792 billion tax bill--and that is a 10-year figure. But when you look at the bits and pieces of it, I think it will demonstrate the President did not veto just a $792 billion tax bill, but he vetoed lower taxes for middle- and lower-income Americans, he made health insurance less affordable, and he took away incentives to save more. Let me go through what the President vetoed to be very specific, so people know exactly what we planned in this Congress when we passed this tax bill.  We planned to encourage savings, to encourage entrepreneurship, and to give hard-working families the money they need to support themselves. We reduced tax rates for middle- and lower-income Americans. The President vetoed that.  Our tax bill made health insurance more affordable by providing 100-percent tax deductibility for all premiums for the self-employed and, starting for the first time in the history of our tax laws, gave employees who work for corporations, who do not have a corporate health plan, the same tax deductibility for their own individual plans that employees of major corporations have had since World War II. The President vetoed both of those items.  Our bill made it easier for children to care for elderly parents by giving some tax incentives for family caregiving and also making tax deductibility possible for long-term care insurers. The President vetoed that.  One thing we hear about more than any other injustice in the Tax Code is the marriage tax penalty. That correction was in the bill. The President vetoed the provisions to do away with the marriage tax penalty.  We hear from farmers and small businessmen how wrong it is to break up a business to pay a death tax. This bill did away with the estate tax, so there was no tax on death, so you could pass on the family farm and the family business. The President vetoed that.  We had increased incentives for retirement savings because everybody knows Social Security has never been intended to be a sole retirement plan and is not adequate today. So we have to have more encouragement for families to save for retirement. The President vetoed that.  We hear from families, particularly from women who work outside the home, that child care ought to be more affordable. The President vetoed that.  We had full tax deductibility of interest on student loans in this bill. The President vetoed that.  We expanded the Individual Retirement Account opportunities. The President vetoed that.  In short, President Clinton vetoed tax relief measures that would benefit men and women nationwide.  The President has vetoed it, and I do not think there will be a compromise with the President on this because the $800 billion is such an infinitesimal amount of money--only 3.5 percent of all the revenue coming into the Federal Treasury over the next 10 years--that how do you compromise between zero and 3.5 percent when the 3.5 percent is so puny that we in the Congress ought to be embarrassed we could not find ways of saving money and giving even a larger tax cut?  This means this issue will be taken to the country, and we will let the Democratic candidate, presumably Vice President Gore, campaign next year on a platform of spending this money, as President Clinton proposes to spend it, and we will let the Republican candidate for President run on a platform of, hopefully, backing at least this much of a tax cut and more of a tax cut. We will take this issue to the country. Let the people decide, and in letting the people decide, let's have a clear mandate for spending the $792 billion or letting the taxpayers keep it.  The President, in his veto message and all during the month of August, has been trying to make a mountain out of a molehill, as far as this tax cut issue is concerned. He has suggested that $800 billion is a mountain of money--and it is a lot of money--but as I said, it is 3.5 percent of all the money that is going to come into the Federal Treasury over the next 10 years that we could let the taxpayers keep in their pockets or spend it or invest it to create jobs and wealth in America to expand our economy. But, in fact, the mountain is the $23 trillion that is coming into the Federal Treasury over the next 10 years, and the $792 billion tax cut is the molehill.  On this chart, we have the mountain over here, the $22.8 trillion that the working men and women of America are going to pay into the Federal Treasury over the next 10 years. Mr. President Clinton, that is the mountain, but right here is the $792 billion tax cut that you vetoed last week, and that is truly the molehill. Mr. President, you can't make a mountain out of a molehill.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Thomas). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  