 President, this is a Democratic leadership war on health insurance coverage. This is their proposal to subject employer-sponsored health plans, and thus employers, to lawsuits. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I have worked for tort reform throughout my tenure in Washington. I believe our tort system is badly broken, so it will come as no surprise that I have grave reservations about sending more disputes into it.  First, the big picture: The proliferation of lawsuits has damaged the efficiency, effectiveness and integrity of America's civil justice system. Almost as bad, it is injuring the nation's economy. Now, our Democratic colleagues propose to declare a ``new gold rush'' for the legal industry, this time in the area of health insurer liability. And the harm that results from doing so will not be limited to our judiciary or our economy--it will harm our health. It's downright unhealthy for America. Is that an overstatement, Mr. President? Well, people with health insurance are likely to have better health than those without it. If the Democrats are now saying that insurance coverage doesn't affect health status, then they'll have to explain why they keep coming up with all kinds of ideas on how to insure people. Five years ago, they thought insurance coverage was important--so much so that they wanted the government to insure everyone. Of course, even with a Democratic President and Democratic control of both Houses of Congress, they didn't manage to do it. It's funny how we don't hear about that effort anymore, but it's certainly not because we solved the problem.  The President acknowledged the problem of the uninsured again when he proposed to allow people under age 65 to buy their way into the Medicare program. By the way, with a hefty subsidy from other Americans under age 65 who pay payroll taxes. Why does the President propose this unless he thinks insurance coverage will improve peoples' health status. Health insurance coverage is not an end unto itself, but a means to an end, and the end is better health. So when the Democrats propose things that will lessen health insurance coverage, and thus harm the health of the American people, we need to ask why.  Some argue that liability laws are a good way to guarantee quality of care. We're certainly not hearing much from the other side in this debate about quality, but objective people think that ensuring quality of care should be the point of patient protection. I care a great deal about health care quality, let me tell you about research that has been done in the context of medical malpractice. These studies, particularly the well-known Harvard study, tell us that the medical liability system is simply not an effective way to ensure quality. There is a tremendous mismatch between incidents of malpractice, on one hand, and the lawsuits that are brought, on the other. For many reasons, instances of substandard medical care often do not give rise to lawsuits, while many lawsuits that are brought are groundless. In the malpractice context, it is not feasible to have immediate appeals of physicians' decisions when they make them, so we're stuck with the tort system.  But when we talk about insurance coverage decisions, we do have an alternative to lawsuits. We can have immediate, independent, external reviews of these decisions. We can do better than lawsuits after-the-fact. That's what our Republican Patients' Bill of Rights will do. It will get patients' claims decided when the patient needs the care. Isn't that the best thing for the patient? Yes--but it's not the best thing for the lawyers, and that's why we're here today.  Mr. President, the other day, I heard a Senator note that only a handful of medical malpractice cases have ever been tried to a jury in his state. His point, apparently, was the lawyers don't really bring lawsuits: just a myth. Well, I am certain that the former trial lawyers in this body understand that defendants in cases sometimes pay out money in settlement of a claim, whether the claim was well-founded or not. Where do my colleagues believe that the money comes from? It comes out of the pockets of the people who buy tht good or service, obviously.  In medical malpractice cases, the cost of medical settlements, just like the cost of jury verdicts, is paid for by you and me. We pay in two ways: higher prices for medical services, and higher insurance premiums. When my friends on the other side say that creating a right to sue health plans somehow will not bring about more lawsuits, they should pay more attention to what their trial lawyer allies are up to. Who knows, maybe if they took a look at what trial lawyers are doing to our economy, they'd have second thoughts about supporting them all the time.  Let's see what an objective source says. The Congressional Budget Office has noted that the lawsuit provision of the Democrat proposal is, by far, the most expensive single item in their bill. More than anything else they are proposing, this liability piece is what will drive people out of their insurancecoverage into the ranks of the uninsured. That's a high price to pay to keep the lawyers happy.  Employers are not required by law to offer health insurance coverage to their employees. There are tax advantages for employers to do so, but we're finding that those aren't enough. More and more employees are dropping coverage for their employees. That's not an opinion, that's a fact. My friends across the aisle have repeatedly noted that many liberal advocacy groups support their version of patient protections. Those groups have every right to get involved in this debate, and I'm glad that they are. But my point is that most Americans don't work for liberal advocacy groups. In fact, very few do. I'll also note that most Americans don't work for plaintiffs' law firms.  Even if you're anti-business, you have to admit that businesses provide health insurance coverage to most Americans, and businesses are in a position to discontinue that coverage. The businesses that most Americans do work for, both large and small, are telling us that the Democratic bill will force many of them to drop coverage for employees; hence adopt the Republican Patients' Bill of Rights instead.  Let's keep our eye on the ball. There are two goals that we should be trying to achieve. One is to ensure that people get the appropriate health care to which they are entitled under their insurance coverage. But the 2nd goal is to avoid taking that very insurance coverage away. There are many times in politics when it's impossible to achieve two goals at the same time, but we can this time. We have a Republican approach that achieves both goals. I call on my colleagues to support this approach, and to resist the temptation to join the other side's war on health insurance coverage.  