  Madam President, it is my privilege, for a few moments, to take the place of our distinguished chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, who will be here shortly, and in my capacity as chairman of that committee's Subcommittee on International Trade, to speak for our side in support of this legislation.  From the standpoint of speaking for our side, this is pretty much a bipartisan approach that will have overwhelming support. It is all the more a privilege to work for legislation that does have such broad bipartisan support.  So, Madam President, I rise in support of the motion to proceed to H.R. 434. When we have the opportunity, we intend to offer a managers' amendment. And we would do that as a substitute for the House-passed language. That substitute will include the Senate Finance Committee's reported bills on Africa, an expansion of the Caribbean Basin Initiative, an extension of the Generalized System of Preferences, and the reauthorization of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Act.  I want to explain the intent behind these different Finance Committee bills that will be grouped together in the managers' amendment.  Africa, as everyone knows, has undergone significant changes, as recently as the last decade. Many of those changes have been enormously positive: an end to apartheid in South Africa, a groundswell in support of democracy in a number of the sub-Saharan countries, and a new openness to using the power of free markets to drive economic growth, with the resultant raising of living standards.  At the same time, there is no continent that has suffered more from the ravages of war, disease, hunger, and just simple want than Africa. The daily news has more often been filled with the images of violence and starvation than the small seeds of economic hope.  The question before us is, How can our great country, the United States, help the transition that Africans themselves have begun?  There are many problems we might try to address and an equal number of approaches to solving those problems. I am not going to argue that our managers' amendment we will offer is an entire panacea; nor is it equal to the tasks that our African partners have before them in the sense that if there is going to be real change there, it has to come from within.  Instead, what our approach attempts to do is to take a small but very significant step towards opening markets to African trade. The intent is to encourage productive investment there as a means of building a market economy and doing it from the ground up.  It is a means of giving Africans the opportunity to guide their own economic destiny rather than the economic policies of the past that attempted to dictate a particular model of development that was based upon so much government control of the economy.  The strongest endorsement I can offer for moving this legislation comes from these African countries themselves. Every one of the sub-Saharan African nations eligible for the benefits under this proposal has endorsed our efforts. There was a recent full-page advertisement in Roll Call that you may have seen recounting the number of U.S. organizations that support this initiative. They range from the NAACP to the Southern Christian Leadership Conference to the National Council of Churches.  Our supporters include such notables as Coretta Scott King, Andrew Young, and Robert Johnson--the head of Black Entertainment Television who testified eloquently about the need to create new economic opportunities in Africa when he appeared before our Senate Finance Committee.  The effort to move the bill also enjoys broad bipartisan support that I have already alluded to and complimented our colleagues on. It goes beyond bipartisanship in this body. It goes to the President himself because in his State of the Union Address, he identified this bill as one of his top foreign policy and trade priorities. The Finance Committee's ranking member, as you have already heard, SenatorMoynihan, is a cosponsor and public supporter of the Africa bill, along with being a tireless advocate of trade expansion in both word and deed over several decades.  The distinguished minority leader was one of the first to recognize the need for a special focus on Africa in trade terms when he called for such a program as part of the Uruguay Round implementing legislation that passed this body 4 years ago. And, the very fact the majority leader has found time for us to debate this bill this late in this session, when there is so much pressure to address other issues, is indicative of our majority leader's support.  So in summation, you can see strong bipartisan support exists for the managers' amendment, and that the managers' amendment will also include the Caribbean Basin Initiative.  The approach adopted by the Finance Committee is consistent with the administration's own proposal. It is also broadly consistent with the proposal introduced by Senator Graham, who has also been a tireless advocate on behalf of the Caribbean Basin Initiative and the opportunity that that bill and that program provide for the beneficiary countries in the Caribbean and Central America.  In substance, the managers' amendment on CBI adopts an approach similar to that afforded sub-Saharan Africa under the proposed bill. Indeed, both of those proposals build on the model established with the passage of the original CBI legislation, I believe, now, 15 or 16 years ago.  In fact, it was 1983 that that bill was adopted. When it was adopted, the region was beset with economic problems and wrenched with civil strife. The goal of the original legislation was to encourage new economic opportunities and a path towards both political and economic renewal. It accomplished that by offering a unilateral grant of tariff preferences designed to encourage productive investment, economic growth, and the resultant higher standard of living.  The original Caribbean Basin Initiative, which we made permanent in 1990, recognized that economic hope was essential to peace and political stability throughout the region. However, since 1990 we have had the intervening negotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement, and that undercut the preferences initially offered to the Caribbean and Central American beneficiaries of the Caribbean Basin Initiative.  So the managers' amendment we will offer is an attempt to restore that margin of preference to the Caribbean producers and the economic opportunity the original CBI legislation was designed to create.  It is also an attempt to respond to the hardships the region has faced due to natural disaster. That region, as we know, including both the Caribbean and Central America, has been hard hit in the past 2 years by a series of hurricanes that in some instances devastated much of the existing economic infrastructure. No one can forget the pictures of devastation we saw of the Dominican Republic, Guatemala, and Honduras following Hurricane Mitch--homes, farms, factories, we saw on television, literally washing away overnight, buried in clay.  Members of the Finance Committee and many of our other colleagues had the opportunity to meet recently with the presidents of a number of Central American countries. Those presidents indicated that the single most important action we in the United States and our Government could take in their interest was not foreign assistance but economic opportunity to compete in a growing regional market.  They saw this proposed legislation as a fulfillment of the promise extended by this Congress in that original legislation of 1983, the promise for a new economic relationship with the Caribbean and Central America. We must continue to fulfill that promise as, hopefully, our country keeps its promises, and not act as a charity but as a continuation of the leadership we have shown in our continent and our hemisphere, leadership that has put us on the cusp of the ultimate goal of the 21st century version of the Monroe Doctrine, a hemisphere of democratically elected governments, a hemisphere of free markets, and a hemisphere with rising standards of living.  By moving this legislation forward, we will help these economies continue to grow and we will be investing in important markets that will become more integrated with our own, a market integration that benefits the United States as well.  In light of that fact, it might be worth mentioning the importance of this legislation to one industry in particular, the textile industry, something the Senator from South Carolina has addressed but from a different point of view than I. When I say textile industry, I mean everyone from a farmer growing cotton to the yarn spinner, the fabric maker, the apparel manufacturer, producers of textile manufacturing equipment, as well as the wholesalers and retailers, everything from the farm to the consumer. The Africa bill and the Caribbean Basin Initiative bills are drafted to create a win-win situation for both our trading partners and for our own domestic industries.  The managers' amendment we will offer takes a different approach than that of the House bill. Our bill is designed to create a partnership between America and industries, not to the benefit of one or the other, but to the benefit of both regions. Our proposal would accomplish that by affording preferential tariff and also preferential quota treatment to apparel made from American-made fabric, and it would be American-made fabric in order to qualify.  This does two things: First, it gives American firms an incentive to build a strong partnership with firms in both Africa and the Caribbean. Secondly, it helps establish a platform from which the American textile industry can compete in this global market.  I want to refer to the industry's own analysis. That analysis shows that the approach adopted by our Senate Finance Committee offers real benefits to U.S. industry and to U.S. employment. It gives our industry a fighting chance in the years to come, as textile quotas are gradually eliminated pursuant to the World Trade Organization agreement on textiles.  The reason I raise this point goes back to the efforts of our committee and our chairman to reestablish a bipartisan consensus on trade. In my view, the textile industry and all of its related parts will face significant economic adjustment as a result of the World Trade Organization textiles agreement. That adjustment has already begun to take place.  What the industry found, however, based on its experience under NAFTA, is that partnering with Mexican firms or investing there for joint United States-Mexican production made our own United States firms very competitive. They discovered that United States firms became competitive even in the face of fierce competition they faced from textile industries in the developing world, and particularly the countries of China and India.  The Finance Committee bills would broaden the base from which American firms could produce for the world market. In the context of the Uruguay Round, we made an implicit commitment to the textile industry to allow them a period of adjustment to a new economic reality. I am proud to support the proposed legislation and to make good on that promise by encouraging the industry to compete globally as well as locally.  Through our managers' amendment, we intend to propose something that would take two other significant steps. The first is the renewal of the Generalized System of Preferences. We call that GSP for short. The GSP program has been on our statutes since 1975. GSP affords a grant of tariff preferences to developing countries generally, although not as extensive as those the proposal offers to Africa and to the Caribbean. GSP is generally described as a unilateral grant of preferences, and that is a very accurate description.  What is little known is that the program has had more profound benefits for U.S. trade than is captured by that fairly significant description that doesn't describe the program so well.  The original GSP program was instrumental in obtaining the commitment of continental powers like Great Britain to give up, finally, the highly discriminatory tariff systems they enforced in their economic relations with their former colonies. In other words, the creation of the GSP was instrumental in eliminating discriminatorytrade barriers that distorted trade and thwarted our exporters' access to markets throughout the entire developing world.  That beneficial program--GSP--has been around a while and accomplished a lot of good, but it has lapsed; it lapsed a few months ago, in June. So our managers' amendment would propose its renewal.  The managers' amendment will also renew our Trade Adjustment Assistance programs. As my colleagues know, I am a strong supporter of free and fair trade. But I have, at the same time, consistently taken the view that those who benefit from expanding trade must look out for those who may be injured by the process of economic adjustment that trade brings.  The Trade Adjustment Assistance programs are one part of that commitment. They offer assistance to both workers and firms that have faced a significant increase in import competition as they adjust to these new economic conditions. They have been on the books since the Trade Expansion Act of 1962. And the committee has made every effort to ensure that they are renewed to fulfill the bargain on trade policy originally struck with U.S. firms and U.S. workers over 30 years ago. So what we do with this reauthorization is keep our contract with these industries, and if trade unfairly affects them, we will be able to help them in a transition period. That is something we should do. It has worked well and we propose to continue it.  There is, however, a real urgency to their renewal at this time. As I have said, they have lapsed and, unless they are renewed promptly, they will fall out of the budget baseline and will, in the future, need a revenue offset.  In the context of the current debate over trade and trade policy, I view these programs as a minimum downpayment on reestablishing a bipartisan consensus on trade matters. And so I urge our colleagues to support the motion to proceed to the bill in order to renew these essential programs.  Having discussed the intent behind each of the measures I intend to move as a part of the Senate substitute, I want to add one last point. We have before us in this legislation an opportunity to reestablish a strong measure of bipartisan support for what we in the Finance Committee view as an important trade and foreign policy initiative. So let us take this step and let us move forward in a way that will benefit Africa and the Caribbean--a way that will benefit much of the rest of the developing world--and a way that will serve our own national interests as well.  And we propose this legislation with the U.S. national interest in mind, because we are cognizant of the fact that if we in the Congress do not look out for the interests of the American worker, we can't expect anybody else to do it. But when we can have the benefits of protecting our workers and creating jobs and expanding our economy and still help the rest of the world through these policies--and we have done that--we should continue to do that because, as President Kennedy said, ``Trade, not aid.''  For an American populace that doesn't like foreign aid, I hope that they will join us in the Congress behind these bipartisan efforts to promote our national interests and strengthen our world leadership through these trade policies that help us, as well as helping these developing nations.  I yield the floor.  Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  