 President, I rise today to join my colleagues in introducing the Bipartisan Social Security Reform Act of 1999.  We have crafted a responsible plan to save Social Security for generations to come. By making incremental, steady changes to the Social Security system, we will be able to ensure the long-term solvency of the program without taking Draconian measures.  Not only have we designed a responsible plan, but a bipartisan plan as well. No change to the Social Security system can be made without support from both sides of the aisle. Our bill represents a true bipartisan effort to save Social Security. The Bipartisan Social Security Reform Act is co-sponsored by four Republicans and three Democrats. Similar legislation has been introduced in the House of Representatives by Congressmen Kolbe and Stenholm. This bipartisan, bicameral support is an excellent foundation on which to build, ensuring that the basis of the American retirement system remains financially sound for future generations.  The bipartisan plan would maintain a basic floor of protection through a traditional Social Security benefit, but two percentage points of the 12.4 percent payroll tax would be redirected to individual accounts. Individuals could invest their personal accounts in any combination of the funds offered through the Social Security system. An individual who invested his or her personal account in a bond fund would receive a guaranteed interest rate. However, individuals who wish to pursue a higher rate of return through investment in a fund including equities could do so.  Our proposal would eliminate the need for future payroll tax increases by advance funding a portion of future benefits through personal accounts. With individual accounts, we provide Americans with the tools necessary to build financial independence in retirement--especially to those who previously had limited opportunities to create wealth. Under our plan, they will be able to save for retirement and benefit from economic growth.  In putting together this legislation, this group has been conscious of how changes to Social Security would affect different populations. One group that I have been particularly concerned about is women. Let me explain how our bill addresses women's needs:  Women are more likely to move in and out of the workforce to care for children or elderly parents. They should not be punished for the time that they dedicate to dependents. Our proposal provides five ``drop-out'' years to the spouse with lower earnings in every two-earner couple.  Women, on average, earn less than men. The Bipartisan Social Security Reform Act would ensure that workers with wages below the national average would receive an additional $100 contribution annually to their personal accounts when they make a contribution of at least $1. Any subsequent contributions would receive a dollar-for-dollar match so that all workers would be guaranteed a minimum contribution of one percent of the taxable wage base. For this year, that contribution would be $726. Furthermore, all wage-earners would be permitted to save up to an additional $2,000 annually through voluntary contributions to personal accounts.  In addition, our proposal creates an additional bend point to the benefit formula to boost the replacement rate for low-income workers, many of whom are women.  Women live longer than men. At age 65, men are expected to live 15 more years, whereas women are expected to live almost 20 more. Our proposal addresses that reality by allowing money accumulated in individual accounts to be passed on to surviving spouses and children. Furthermore, our proposal would increase the widow's benefit to 75 percent of the combined benefits that a husband and wife would be entitled to based on their own earnings.  Congressional Republicans and Democrats and the administration all have established saving Social Security as a top priority. Now we must move ahead with the process and provide leadership. Each year that we wait to enact legislation to save Social Security, the changes must be more pronounced to make up for the lost time. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor the Bipartisan Social Security Reform Act.  