 This form letter encourages people to declare bankruptcy because, if Congress passes bankruptcy reform, ``Bankruptcy will be much more difficult, more expensive, and probably embarrassing.'' I hope this bill makes bankruptcy more embarrassing and more difficult. Opinion polls clearly show that the American people want those who voluntarily incur debts to pay those debts as agreed. Bankruptcy should be difficult, and the moral stigma that used to be associated with bankruptcy should be resurrected.  I have reviewed the conduct of bankruptcy mills and bankruptcy lawyers to illustrate the need for Congress to hold bankruptcy lawyers accountable for unethical and dishonest conduct. In the bill before us, we have tried to do this by codifying rule 11 penalties for lawyers who needlessly steer people into the bankruptcy system. It's my hope that these penalties will cause lawyers to think twice before they willy-nilly cart off their clients to bankruptcy court without asking a few questions first. I would have preferred tougher penalties, as we had in last year's Senate Bill, But I understand that many on the other side of the aisle strongly object to tougher penalties. So, in an effort to work with the other side, this year's penalties aren't as tough as they were last year.  As I've said many times, the bankruptcy crisis is partly a moral crisis. And bankruptcy lawyers who push bankruptcy play the role of carnival barkers who promise an easy way out to anyone who will listen.  As it stands now, this bankruptcy reform bill, S. 625, merely requires attorneys to investigate the financial resources of their clients before putting them into bankruptcy. That is not too much to ask and, it seems to me, something basic when advising people according to the tenets of the legal profession.  Our bankruptcy system needs to be reformed in a balanced way. We need to address abuses by debtors who do not need bankruptcy. We need to address abuses by creditors who use coercive and deceptive practices to cheat honest debtors. And we need to address abuses by bankruptcy lawyers who exploit bankruptcy laws for financial gain.  As I said before, I prefer tougher penalties against bankruptcy lawyers, but this bill is a step in the direction of addressing the problems of fast-talking bankruptcy lawyers.  Does the Senator from Minnesota seek the floor?  