 President, I rise today with deep concern over the Clinton Administration's policy regarding Yugoslavia and Kosovo.  I have observed, over the past year, an Administration policy characterized by a lack of vision regarding events in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. In recent months, the American public has seen the conflict in Kosovo explode onto the front pages of newspapers and dominate primetime television news. This conflict, however, is not new. It stems from centuries of tension and a decade of deteriorating relations between Serbs and Albanians in Kosovo, made worse because of Slobodan Milosevic's rule over the country.  I do not want to downplay the seriousness of Milosevic's action in Kosovo. Milosevic has treated the Kosovar Alabnians in a barbarous manner. But, have NATO airstrikes solved this problem? No. And the sad fact is: United States policy has--if nothing else--unfortunately speeded up Milosevic's campaign of terror in Kosovo.  And now, with our men and women risking their lives over the skies and on the ground in the Balkan region--we must take time to evaluate past policy and determine how best to move forward toward peace while making wise use of limited military resources.  Military intervention should be the method of last resort in any conflict. Once all efforts have been made to resolve a conflict peaceably--the only way to conduct military operations is with a clear vision of goals to be achieved--goals backed up by sound military advice, common-sense wisdom with maximum objectivity based upon factual evidence.  I follow the Colin Powell doctrine on military operations--you should not get into a military situation you don't know how to exit. In other words, have plans on how you're going to get out of the situation. And, if you do initiate a military operation--you should go in at the beginning with enough force to ensure victory.  A critical miscalculation in Clinton's Kosovo policy was the president's outright statement that ground troops would not be introduced into the region. It was an impassioned, emphatic statement. And it signaled to the world that--right out of the gate--the United States was not serious about this mission. Not only were the military goals vague, but the means to achieve those goals were laid out clearly for Slobodan Milosevic to see. Milosevic knew he had time to further his own twisted goals in Kosovo and has succeeded in wreaking havoc on the region while dodging NATO missiles.  Therefore, we are in a situation where ``gradualism'' is being practiced. This was Clinton's only way of his misstatement regarding ground troops. I say ``gradualism'' because the Administration has already set the stage for troops to be on the ground--regardless of what Congress says about it. First, United States ground forces were sent to surrounding countries to aid in humanitarian efforts. They were followed up by support troops for air divisions--troops to support the Apache helicopter division--troops to support artillery to support the Apache helicopters. Soon, we will need troops onthe ground to protect troops already on the ground. I think it's fair to say we are in a ground war even though we don't have United States military forces on the ground within the geographical confines of Kosovo.  Today we are debating a resolution to give President Clinton the authority to use ``all necessary force'' to achieve Clinton Administration goals in Kosovo. I understand this resolution inadvertently triggered the War Powers Act, which requires a vote. But, the president not only hasn't asked for this broad-ranging authority, he still maintains it isn't needed. Some of my colleagues wish to affirm the president's authority regarding our involvement in Kosovo. I cannot support such a resolution.  I cannot support a policy lacking common sense. I cannot--with a clear conscience--provide limitless authority to an Administration which has failed to demonstrate an understanding of the consequences of its policies. We must have a defined goal--and I'm talking more defined than the United States diminishing Slobodan Milosevic's ``capacity to maintain his grip and impose his control on Kosovo.''  What is our goal? To destroy all Yugoslav military forces and control the entire Federal Republic of Yugoslavia? To occupy Belgrade? To expel Milosevic's forces from Kosovo?  This resolution will not move us closer to a clear goal--a clear strategy.  I support our men and women who are risking their lives--even at this moment--for the sake of NATO's reputation and Clinton's military policy. I condemn Slobodan Milosevic's reprehensible actions in the Kosovo region.  I seek clear military goals and concise, appropriate communication from our nation's commander-in-chief. Congress and the people of the United States are waiting.  