 President, I rise to say some words about the loss of our mutual friend, John Chafee from Rhode Island.  His passing away this week was obviously sad for all of us in this body, as well as his family and his friends.  He has left an impressive legacy both for this body and for his service to the United States.  I would like to take a few moments to express my thoughts about this truly heroic person.  When I came to the Senate in 1981, Senator Chafee was already one of the body's giants. He was well respected. I remember the budget battles we had in those years in the early 1980s, and the impact he had as a leader of moderate Republicans--usually about half dozen or so Senators who always had a major influence on the budget process. Disagree though some of us might with Senator Chafee's position on these issues, there was no disagreement among any of us that the results of his efforts were always a moderating influence on what this body did.  I served with Senator Chafee on the Finance Committee for many years--the committee that has jurisdiction over taxes, over Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, foreign trade, and welfare. He had a passion; that was to preserve the safety net programs, and especially in the health sector. He was a strong supporter of the Community Health Center Program of Medicaid, and most importantly children's health programs.  In fact, one of the last meetings in which I joined Senator Chafee was his handling of a hearing a week ago in which he was proposing and forwarding legislation to make sure that people who were part of the foster care system did not fall through the cracks as far as their health care was concerned once they were forced out of the system because of age.  Above all else, Senator Chafee, as demonstrated by that hearing last week and his promotion of that legislation, was committed to the proper amount of health care and quality of health care. He also worked long and hard in a very generic area we call health care reform, sometimes minuscule fine-tuning, but also Senator Chafee was in the middle of the big battles of health care reform.  During the time the Senate was considering the Clinton health care plan, then-majority leader Bob Dole appointed Mr. Chafee to chair a Republican health care reform task force. Senator Chafee for several months convened meetings every Thursday in his Capitol office. During those meetings, he led discussions on various aspects of health care reform. I had an opportunity to participate in a lot of those meetings and know firsthand Senator John Chafee's commitment not only to informing and providing the procedure for informing fellow Members about the issue but also his efforts working toward compromise that would eventually get the votes to bring legislation to the floor and through the Senate.  The work we did in this task force culminated in a major health care reform bill that had the support of most of our Republican colleagues. It was a major achievement, needless to say. It wasn't something that finally was passed by this body because the whole Clinton health care issue got so overburdened with so many controversial aspects that the Clinton health care proposal went down, and compromises, more moderate and more bipartisan, obviously, were taken off the Senate's agenda at the same time.  That still does not denigrate in any way the hard work of John Chafee on health care generally. In fact, it is a very good example of his hard work and, most importantly, his commitment to the overall issue, over a long period of time, leading up to that last hearing he chaired just 1 week ago.  More recently, Senator Chafee urged the modernization of the traditional Medicare fee-for-service program. It is likely, as we go further down the road, that Senator Chafee will have had much influence on what we as a body produce even though he is no longer with us. In that regard, his influence will certainly have outlived his own life. That is a hallmark of a truly great man and a great Senator.  I, along with my colleagues, will miss Senator Chafee for many reasons. I respected him. I liked him. I listened to him. I looked to him as a leader. He spoke with authority and with credibility. Most importantly, he was a very compassionate person. Above all, what is important in political leadership is that he was very independent. He stood up for what he believed in, sometimes in the face of opposition from even his own party, my party, the Republican Party. That is the quality of John Chafee I grew to admire most.  Senator Chafee's legacy is his extraordinary service to his country. The way he knew to serve was in a very mighty way, whether it was on the battlefield as a genuine war hero or his service as Governor, Secretary of the Navy, or for 23 years as a Member of the Senate from Rhode Island. Not everyone is capable of making a big difference in this world, but John Chafee did. We salute him. I salute him, his life, and his accomplishments. I join my colleagues in remembering his greatness and appreciating the contributions he made to this country.  