 President, I rise today in support of the sense-of-the-Senate resolution regarding diabetes. I thank my colleagues from Maine for sponsoring this resolution. Senator Collins and I were among the original co-founders of the Senate Diabetes Caucus and have worked together to raise awareness of the disease and the need for a cure.  Diabetes is a devastating illness that affects people of every age, race, and nationality. More than sixteen million Americans suffer from diabetes and 800,000 new cases are diagnosed each year. Diabetes is also a leading chronic illness affecting children, a special population with which it places an especially heavy burden.  Although many people with diabetes are able to survive with multiple daily injections of insulin, it is not a cure for this dreaded disease. Despite the availability of insulin, diabetes continues to cause serious health complications, including kidney failure and blindness, and it is the cause of nearly 200,000 deaths per year.  Diabetes costs our nation nearly $100 billion each year in direct and indirect costs. In fact, more than forty billion tax dollars are spent each year in treating people with diabetes through Medicare, Medicaid, veterans and federal employees health benefits.  Past investments in diabetes research at the National Institutes for Health (NIH) are beginning to show real promise for a cure and the number of research opportunities in the field continue to expand. We now stand at a pivotal juncture in the fight to cure diabetes and its complications.  A report released in February by the congressionally mandated Diabetes Research Working Group (DRWG) called upon NIH to substantially expand its support for diabetes research and has identified specific research recommendations as part of a new national plan to find a cure.  On April 26, 1999, a letter signed by myself, Senator Collins, and 37 of our colleagues was sent to Chairman Specter and Ranking Member Harkin in requesting increased funding for diabetes research within NIH in accordance with the DRWG report. And, it is clear from the work of the Senate Appropriations Committee that diabetes has not been neglected. Therefore, in an effort to bolster the work of the committee, and I believe rightly so, this resolution is being introduced today to send a clear signal to all Americans that diabetes is a serious concern of the United States Senate.  We have not yet found a cure for diabetes. But, I am confident that in time and with sufficient support, a cure will be found and we will be able to declare victory over this debilitating disease.  