 President, I thank the Senator for yielding. Second, I thank the Senator for being a very cooperative member of the Judiciary Committee to help Members move the bill out of committee, particularly on this very issue that he has brought to the floor. He was hoping to bring this up in committee. It would have been very divisive in committee. It probably would have kept Members from getting the bill out of committee. He cooperated fully. I said when he brought it to the floor I would speak for and support his amendment. I am here to do that. But I think it is more important I tell him and his constituents who are interested in bankruptcy reform that he has been very helpful through this process.  One of the most unfair aspects of the bankruptcy code is the ability of very wealthy people to shield large amounts of assets in homesteads. As do many parts of our bankruptcy laws, the homestead exemption has a noble purpose. I don't deny that. That noble purpose is to protect the poorest of the poor from being thrown out into the streets to pay creditors. Everybody is entitled to a roof over their head.  As so many parts of our bankruptcy laws, this noble idea has been perverted by rich scoundrels and well-paid bankruptcy lawyers. Obviously, we need to do something about any part of the law that lets people hide money while paying nothing to their creditors.  We said one of the motivations of this legislation is to make sure that the people who have the ability to pay who go into bankruptcy are not going to get off scot-free. Allowing people to shield assets while paying nothing to their creditors creates perverse incentives for wealthy scoundrels.  A recent General Accounting Office study on this subject confirms the homestead exemption is used by a select few to avoid paying their bills. Unlike other areas where Congress attempts to regulate with very little constitutional basis for doing so, the text of the Constitution in this instance gives Congress the authority to set uniform bankruptcy laws, one of the specific powers of Congress in article I.  A homestead cap with a provision allowing some States to opt out and to have unlimited homestead will continue the unfairness of current law and will run counter to our constitutional mandate to have uniform bankruptcy laws. I support a strong cap and oppose a State opt-out. I urge my colleagues to do the same.  Our colleagues should also be aware the underlying bill deals with very wealthy people in bankruptcy by pushing them in chapter 11 with special modifications designed to deal with individuals instead of corporations. Allowing the super rich to live high on the hog is a more widespread problem than homestead abuse.  I thank the Senator from Wisconsin for his leadership in this area.  