 President, I rise to support the amendment offered on this side of the aisle because I think it meets all the income deficiency needs of American agriculture pretty much in the same way as the Democrat proposal does, but it also does not spend money in a lot of other areas that do not meet the immediate needs of agriculture.  I have always thought of agriculture and the needs of food production and the process of food and fiber production in America as kind of a social contract between the 2 percent of the people in the United States who earn their livelihood in farming and the rest of the 98 percent of the people, as well as a social contract of the last 60 years of some Government involvement and some Government support of agriculture, particularly in times when income was very low.  Thinking of it as a social contract, then, I do not like to believe there is a Democrat way of helping farmers or a Republican way of helping farmers. I like to think of our being able to work together on this social contract pretty much the same way we work together on Medicare and Social Security--to get agreements when there are changes made in those programs.  In those particular programs--and, thank God, for most agricultural programs--there have not been dramatic changes over the years unless there has been a bipartisan way of accomplishing those changes. So, here we are, with a Democrat proposal and a Republican proposal. People watching this throughout the country, then, have their cynicism reinforced about how Congress does not cooperate.  While this debate has not been going on just today and yesterday but over the last 2 or 3 months, there was an assumption that there would be help for agriculture under almost any circumstances; it was just a question of how to do it and exactly how much. While this debate was going on, we have had different approaches, and it has brought us to a point where we have a Republican proposal and a Democrat proposal and we are talking past each other. I am hoping sometime before this debate gets over today and we have a final document to vote on, that we are able to get together in a Republican and Democrat way and have a bipartisan solution, at least for the essential aspects of the debate today, which is to have an infusion of income into agriculture considering that we have the lowest prices we have had in a quarter century.  I think there are two stumbling blocks to this. I think on the Democrat side the stumbling block to bipartisan cooperation is a belief among some of those Members that some of the money should find its way to the farmers through changes in the LDP programs as opposed to the transition payments. On our side, the stumbling block seems to be that we are locked into no more than $7 billion to be spent on the agricultural program.  So I hope somewhere along the line we can get a compromise on this side and a compromise on that side of those two points of contention. Hopefully, we on this side could see the ability to go some over $7 billion--and that the Democrats would see an opportunity to use the most efficient way of getting all the money into the farmer's pocket through the AMTA payments.  The reason for doing it that way is because we do have a crisis. The best way to respond to that crisis is through that mechanism because within 10 days after the President signs the bill, the help that we seek to give farmers can be out there, as opposed to a convoluted way of doing it through the LDP payment.  I do not know why we could not get a bipartisan compromise with each side giving to that extent--Republicans willing to spend more money and the Democrats willing to give it out in the way that most efficiently can be done.  So I see ourselves right now as two ships passing in the night, not speaking to each other. We ought to be able to get together to solve this. That is my hope. I know there are some meetings going on about that now. I'm part of some of those meetings. I hope they can be successful.  In the meantime, talking about helping the family farmer, I think it is very good to have a description of a family farm so we kind of know what we are talking about. I am going to give it the way I understand it in the Midwest, and not only in my State of Iowa.  But it seems to me there are three factors that are essential in a family farming operation: That the family makes all the management decisions; that the family provides all or most of the labor--that does not preclude the hiring of some help sometimes or maybe even a little bit of help for a long period of time; but still most of the labor being done by the family--and, thirdly, that the capital, whether it is self-financed or whether it is borrowing from the local bank or from another generation within the family, is controlled by the family farmer--the management by the family, the labor by the family, and the capital controlled by the family.  Some people would say: Well, you have a lot of corporate farms. I do not know what percent, but we do have corporate family farms. But that is a structure they choose to do business in, especially if they have a multigenerational operation to pass on from one generation to the other and want to with a little more ease.  In addition, some people would say: Well, you have a lot of corporate agriculture. You might have a lot of corporate agriculture in America, but I do not see a lot of corporate agriculture, at least in grain farming in my State of Iowa--mainly because most corporate people who want to invest their money do not get the return on land and labor through grain production that they normally want for a return on their money. Of course, that strengthens the opportunity to family farm. But at least when I talk about the family farmer, that is the definition that I use.  In my State, the average family farm is about 340 acres. We have about 92,000 farming units in my State. By the way, if we do not get this agricultural economy turned around, we are going to have a lot less than 92,000 in a few months, as well.  Nationwide, there are about 2 million family farming operations with an average acreage of about 500 acres. So the average family farm size nationally is bigger than in my State. But remember, whether you farm 10,000 acres as a cattle farmer in Wyoming or 2,000 or 3,000 acres as a wheat farmer in Kansas or 350 as a corn, soybean, or livestock operation in my State of Iowa, it still is one job or maybe two jobs being created with all that capital investment.  Let me tell you, it takes a tremendous amount of capital--both machinery as well as land--to create one job in agriculture compared to a factory, and many times more than for a service job. So those are the family farmers I am talking about whom I want to protect.  Earlier in this debate there was some hinting about the problems of the farmers being related directly to the situation with the 1996 farm bill. I am not going to ever say that a farm bill is perfectly written and should never be looked at, but I think when you have a 7-year program, to make a judgment after 3\1/2\ years that it ought to be changed, then what was the point in having a 7-year program in the first place?  It was that we wanted to bring some certainty for the family farmer without politics meddling in their business. A 7-year program was better than a 4- or 5- or 6-year program. So we wanted to bring some certainty to agriculture. Obviously, a 7-year program does that more so than a shorter program. So a family farm manager would not have to always be wondering, as he was making decisions for the long term: Well, is Washington going to mess this up for me as so many times decisions made by bureaucrats in Washington have the ability to do?  So I am saying some people here are hinting at the 1996 farm bill being that way. Others of us are saying that the trade situation is the problem because farmers have to sell about a third of their product in export if they are going to have a financially profitable situation.  I want to quote from Wallaces Farmer, January 1998, in which there were tremendous prospects, even just 18 months ago, before the Southeast Asia financial crisis was fully known, for opportunities for exports to Southeast Asia. That situation for the farmer was further exacerbated by the problems in Latin America. So I want to quote, then, a short statement by a person by the name of John Otte: ``World financial worries rock grains.''       ``Expanding world demand, particularly in Asia, is the      cornerstone of the case for continued strength in corn, wheat      and soybean prices,'' points out Darrel Good, University of      Illinois economist.  Quoting further from the article:       Asian customers bought 57% of our 1995-96 corn exports, 66%      of our 1996-97 corn exports and almost 50% of our wheat      exports in both years. They [meaning Asian markets] are      important markets. No wonder Asian currency and stock market      problems bring grain market jitters.       ``Signs of stability in Asian financial markets as central      banks intervened to support currency values brought a sigh of      relief to U.S. commodity markets,'' says Good.       ``Whether late fall problems represent an economic hiccup      or the beginning of more serious problems is still unknown.      However, the developments underscore the importance of Asian      markets for U.S. crops.''  We know the end of that story. The end of that story is that we did have that collapse of markets. And it very dramatically hurt our prosperity in grains in the United States last year, and more so this year.  Now, just to put in perspective the debate today, because there is so much crepe-hanging going on, particularly from the other side of the aisle, there is a quote here by Michael Barone of the August 28, 1995, U.S. News and World Report. One sentence that will remind everybody about the greatness of our country and our ability to overcome some of the problems we face comes from an article called ``A Century of Renewal.'' It is a review of the 1900s. He says:       There is something about America that makes things almost      always work out very much better than the cleverest      doomsayers predict.  So for my colleagues, particularly those on the other side of the aisle who want to hang crepe and want to talk about the disastrous situation we are in right now, I do not want to find fault with their bringing to the attention of our colleagues the seriousness of that problem. But they should not leave the impression that there is no hope because this is America. We have gone through tough times before. All you have to do is remember 1985 and 1986 in agriculture and the 1930s in agriculture. Yet the American family farm that was the institution then--probably on average back in those days of only about 150 acres nationwide; today that is 500 acres nationwide--was a smaller operation, but remember, it was still run by the family farmer, the family making the management decisions, the family controlling the capital, and the family doing the labor.  Please remember that, even the most cleverest of doomsayers here today: Don't give up on America. Don't give up on American agriculture. Don't give up on the family farmer. We are in a partnership during the period of time of this farm bill. We have to meet our obligations, and that is what this debate is about. But this debate ought to be about hope for the family farmer as well.  I rise in support of our family farmers. Agriculture producers are in desperate need of immediate assistance. We need to find the best options available in these trying times. The Democrat proposal attempts to address the problems confronting our family farmers but, I think, falls short of our most important goal, which is providing assistance as quickly as possible.  I realize this disaster affects farmers all across the Nation, but at this moment I am most concerned about my friends and neighbors back home. I am concerned that the Democrat alternative, by tying revenue relief to the LDP payments, will delay the efficiency of delivering the payment, unlike the transition payment which is more efficient.  The Democratic alternative offers provisions that would have a long-term effect upon agriculture. I don't want anyone to misunderstand me on that point. There are many things we can do to improve the agricultural economy, but the task before us today is to develop and to pass a short-term relief package that we can get out to those in need as quickly as possible.  According to the Farm Service Agency's estimate, the transition payments provided to corn growers this year will pay out at a rate of 36 cents per bushel. The supplemental transition payment Republicans are offering will equal an additional 36-cent increase on every bushel of corn produced this year. That is 76 cents in assistance for Iowa family farmers, before you figure in any income through the loan deficiency payment.  As a Senator from my State of Iowa, I believe it is also particularly important to include language providing relief for soybean growers who are not eligible for the transition payments. That is why our proposal also contains $475 million in direct payments to soybean and other oilseed producers. I am proud to say that Iowa is No. 1 in the Nation in the production of soybeans, but our growers have been hard hit by devastatingly low prices. Prices for soybeans are the lowest they have been in nearly a quarter of a century, down from the $7-a-bushel range just a couple of years ago to less than $4 today, which is way, way below the cost of production. That is why I and other Senators representing soybean-producing States wanted to make sure that soybean growers were not left out of any relief package.  Finally, the Democrat proposal falls short in another very important area. I think it undermines our U.S. negotiating objectives in the new multilateral trade negotiations that the United States will launch later this year. It will sharply weaken, and perhaps destroy, our country's efforts to limit the enormously expensive European Union production subsidies that make it impossible for our farmers to sell to the 540 million European consumers.  I will say a brief word on that point. First, the United States just presented four papers to the World Trade Organization in Geneva outlining U.S. objectives for the new agriculture negotiations starting this fall. The first of these papers deals with domestic support. It states that the United States negotiating objective with regard to domestic support is a negotiation that results in ``substantial reductions in trade-distorting support and stronger rules that ensure all production-related support is subject to discipline.''  Production-related payments are by definition trade distorting. They are exactly the kind of payments that we want the European Union to get rid of. I don't know how we can enter into tough negotiations with Europeans, with their production payments our No. 1 negotiating target, while we boost our production-related payments at the same time, which is what is done with part of the money under the Democrat proposal. This would undermine our negotiators and give the Europeans plenty of reason to hang tough and to not give an inch.  My second point is closely related to the first. We will measure success at the new world trade talks based on how well we do at creating an open global trading system. The European Union's common agricultural policy nearly torpedoed world trade negotiations as early as 1990. The European Union later said it was reforming its common agriculture policy, but farm handouts this year in the European Union will reach $47 billion, nearly half of the entire European Union budget. Moreover, the largely production-based European Union subsidies still help those who least need help. Twenty percent of the European Union's richest farmers receive 80 percent of the common agriculture policy handout.  World farming is sliding deeper into recession with prices of some commodities at historic lows. Now is not thetime to give up on pressing the European Union hard to truly reform this vastly wasteful subsidy program in their continent. But that is exactly what we would end up doing if we go down the same road of tying part of these payments to production, as the Democrat alternative would do.  There are many enemies of agriculture market reform in the European Union who are just looking for any circumstance to justify their special pleading and to combat and counteract United States negotiators in order for the European Union to keep their production subsidies going. I am afraid that is exactly what the Democrat plan would do. I think as chairman of the International Trade Subcommittee, I have a responsibility to tell my colleagues this.  We should not hand the European Union an excuse to back away from real reform that opens the European Union's huge agricultural markets to American farmers.  The proposal that we pass today should be the fastest and most efficient option available to help our family farmers. The most important thing we can do today is to work towards providing emergency revenue relief to our farmers as quickly as possible.  It is for that reason I urge my colleagues to vote for our Republican alternative, to provide ample and immediate relief for hard-hit farmers, assuming we are not able to work out some sort of bipartisan agreement between now and that final vote.  I only ask, in closing, for people on the other side of the aisle who are criticizing the 1996 farm bill to remember that what we call the 1996 farm bill relates mostly to agricultural programs and totally to the subject of agriculture. We need to look beyond that basic legislation and realize there were a lot of things promised in conjunction with that farm bill through public policy that we have not given the American farmer, which makes it difficult to say we have fully given the American farmer--the family farmer--the tools he or she needs to manage their operation in the way they should.  Yes, we have given them the flexibility to plant what they want to plant without waiting for some Washington bureaucrat to do that. We have given them the certainty of a certain transition payment every year, from 1996 through the year 2002. We have told them, with the 7-year farm program, that they have 7 years where we are going to have some certainty, political certainty, in Washington of what our policies are. But we also promised them more trading opportunities.  We have not made the maximum use of the Export Enhancement Program so that we have a level playing field for our farmers. We have not given the President fast track trading authority so that in the 24 agreements that have been reached around the world among other countries we could have been at the table, and haven't been at the table, and that there is no President of the United States looking out for U.S. interests in those negotiations; and for the sake of the American farmer, we should be at some of those tables--at least those tables where agriculture is being talked about.  We have not given the farmer the regulatory reform that has been promised. And from the standpoint of taxes, we haven't given the farmer the opportunity, through the farmers savings account, to level out the peaks and valleys of his income by being able to retain 20 percent of his income to tax in a low-income year, so that he is not paying high taxes one year and no taxes another year. We haven't given him the ability to do income averaging without running into the alternative minimum tax. We haven't reduced the capital gains tax enough. And we still have the death tax, the estate tax, which makes a lot of family farmers who want to keep the farm in the family sometimes have to sell the farm to pay the inheritance tax, instead of keeping the family farm and passing it down from one generation to another. Sometimes, if they can't afford to do that, they either make their operation so inefficient that they close down business or else they have a terrific tax burden over them as well.  So here we have an opportunity to--in the spirit of the 1996 farm bill, when we told the farmers of America we were going to have a smooth transition over the next 7 years, we said to them we are going to set aside $43 billion for each of those next 7 years--not for each, but cumulative for those 7 years. This year, it is $5.6 billion. Well, we look back now, and in 1996 we did not anticipate the dramatic drop-off in exports because we could not have predicted the Southeast Asian financial crisis and the contagion that caught on in Latin America. So we are going back now, unapologetically, on keeping a promise to the family farmers that we are going to keep this smooth transition we promised them, and that is what the amount of money we are talking about here on the floor is all about.  