 President, along with Senator Schumer and others, today I am introducing legislation that would make it easier for every American taxpayer to see what goes on in the federal courts that they fund. The bill, which would allow the photographing, electronic recording, broadcasting, and televising of Federal court proceedings, is needed to address the growing public cynicism over this branch of government.  Fostering a public that is well-informed about the law, including penalties and offenses, will, in turn, foster a healthy judiciary. As Thomas Jefferson said, ``[t]he execution of the laws is more important than the making of them.'' Because federal court decisions are far-reaching and often final, it is critical that judges operate in a manner that invites broad observation.  In addition, allowing cameras in the federal courtrooms is consistent with the founding fathers' intent that trials be held before as many people as choose to attend. Also, the First Amendment requires that court proceedings be open to the public, and by extension, the news media. The public's right to observe them first-hand is hardly less important. Put differently, the Supreme Court has said, ``what transpires in the courtroom is public property.''  In 1994 The Federal Judicial Center conducted a pilot program that studied the effect of cameras in a select number of federal courts. Their findings supported the use of electronic media coverage and found, ``small or no effects of camera presence on participants in the proceedings, courtroom decorum, or the administration of justice.'' In addition to this three year study in the federal courts, we are fortunate to be able to draw upon the experience of state courts. A committee in New York established to study the effect of cameras in courtrooms concluded, ``Audio-visual coverage of court proceedings serves an important educational function, and promotes public scrutiny of the judicial system. The program had minimal, if any, adverse effects.'' 15 states specifically studied the educational benefits deriving from camera access and all of them determined that camera coverage contributed to greater public understanding of the judicial system.  The use of state courts as a testing ground for this legislation as well as the Federal pilot program make this very well trod ground. We can be extremely confident that this is the next logical step and the well documented benefits far outweigh the ``minimal or no detrimental effects''. Yet, despite the strong evidence of the successful use of cameras in state courtrooms, we are going the extra mile to make sure this works in federal courtrooms by adding a 3 year sunset provision to our bill. This will give us a reasonable amount of time to determine how the process is working and whether it should be permanent.  The two leading arguments against cameras in federal courtrooms are easily countered. First, there is a fear that courtrooms will deteriorate into the carnival-like atmosphere of the O.J. Simpson trial. However, the O.J. Simpson case is obviously an exceptional and isolated instance. Not every court case is or need be like the Simpson case. It is this image of court proceedings that this bill is designed to dispel. Furthermore, even the minimal effects of a camera in a trial setting do not apply to an appellate hearing that has no jury and rarely requires witnesses.  The second argument against greater public access to court proceedings is the legitimate concern for the witnesses' safety when they are required to testify. This concern has merit and is therefore addressed in our bill. Technological advances make it possible to disguise the face and voice of witnesses upon request, thus not compromising their safety.  Allowing greater public access to federal court proceedings will help Americans fulfill their duty as citizens of a democratic nation to educate themselves on the workings of their government, and their right to observe and oversee the fundamental and critical role of the judiciary. The evidence compiled by 48 states and a federal study clearly supports this bill, the Constitution demands this bill, and the American people deserve this bill.  For all these reasons, I urge others to join me and my colleagues in supporting our attempt to provide greater public access and accountability of our federal courts.  