 President, I rise today to express my opposition to the amendment offered by Senators Specter and Harkin that is based on a ``Washington Knows Best'' policy. Under this amendment, every Governor--each year--for the next 25 years would be required to submit a plan to Washington asking for permission on how to spend fifty percent of the state's own money. I'm voting ``no'' to this ``Washington Knows Best'' amendment.  My state of Iowa stands ready to receive $1.7 billion over the next 25 years for its share of this landmark settlement. Iowa began a thoughtful process years ago to establish a framework to guide the state on how to utilize these new resources should the state succeed with its case against the tobacco industry. Two years ago, after much state and local deliberation, the Iowa Legislature passed laws establishing a governing framework. Now that success has come for Iowa, it is prepared. Among top priorities for the use of these new funds are increased medical assistance and programs to reduce teen smoking. Furthermore, Iowa's Governor Vilsack enthusiastically advocates a number of new initiatives for combating teen smoking, including an initiative to spend $17.7 million of its settlement money on tobacco prevention and control programs. I am confident in the leadership of our Governor and State Legislature in deciding how to best spend its resources for the well-being of Iowans.  The states are entitled to the full amount of their settlement. Years ago, the states began to organize their case against the tobacco industry. They sought assistance from the federal government in their efforts, but received none. The states took on all the risk, and invested all of the time, money and energy. They have been rewarded for their commitment to the case with a landmark settlement. It is unfair for Congress, at this very late stage, to dip into the state's multi-billion dollar settlement. What's more, last year Congress made attempts at a federal settlement but failed. Congress is in no position to interfere with what the states have independently accomplished.  