 President, this morning Senator Conrad offered an amendment which I cosponsor. I ask my colleagues to consider voting for this amendment that will make the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program available for farmers as well as industrial workers.  This program, trade assistance, is being reauthorized in this legislation. This amendment would expand it just a little bit.  President Clinton, about a month ago in an address spoke about one-third of the jobs that have been created during his administration have come as a result of opening foreign trade and all the economic activity that takes place because of foreign trade.  If we can have millions of jobs created during this administration because we have had a 50-year history of breaking down trade barriers between countries, we have to conclude that the liberalization of trade is good for American workers and good for our economy.  Free trade has produced many winners in our economy. This has been true since 1947 when the United States and just 22 other countries created the regime for liberalized trade we have been under since 1947 called the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.  Since 1987, we have had eight series--sometimes they are called rounds--of multilateral trade negotiations to break down these barriers. These multilateral trade negotiations have liberalized trade in many sectors. Tens of thousands of tariffs have been scrapped. Many nontariff trade barriers have been eliminated. Others have been sharply reduced.  The result of 50 years of trade liberalization has meant the creation of enormous wealth and prosperity and, as I have said, millions of new jobs, one-third of the new jobs created just in this decade. But whenever you have a free market economy, probably even when you have a regimented economy, as the socialist countries have had, there is always some adjustment in the economy. There are some winners and some losers; that is true in our economy, and it is true in the foreign trade part of our economy.  For this reason, more than 35 years ago President Kennedy and the 87th Congress thought it was only fair to transfer some of the net gain from free trade to injured workers or firms or industries or even entire communities. The first U.S. Trade Adjustment Assistance Program was designed by President Kennedy and authorized by the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 to help workers dislocated as a result of a Federal policy to reduce barriers to foreign trade.  It is very important for the purposes of our amendment and also the spirit of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Act to hear what President Kennedy, its author, had to say about its intent and scope:       I am recommending as an essential part of the new trade      program that companies, farmers, and workers who suffer      damage from increased foreign import competition be assisted      in their efforts to adjust to that competition. When      considerations of national policy make it desirable to avoid      higher tariffs, those injured by that competition should not      be required to bear the brunt of the impact. Rather, the      burden of economic adjustment should be borne in part by the      Federal Government.  What President Kennedy said was so important, and I emphasize, once again, a small part of it:       Trade adjustment assistance should be available for      companies, farmers, and workers.  In spite of President Kennedy's belief that farmers should be able to get relief from trade adjustment assistance, just like others who suffer from trade-related job losses, the reality is, few, if any, individual family farmers are ever able to qualify for this program. Hence the amendment by Senator Conrad and myself that is offered today to address this inequity.  Senator Conrad and I think it is only fair that not only farmers be included but fishermen be added to this group as well. They are workers, they help put food on our tables, and they have the same problems under the current program as farmers.  Our program will create a limited new trade adjustment assistance for farmers program. It will provide cash assistance to farmers and fishermen when the price of a commodity falls sharply as a result of imports and causes a farm's net income to drop. The formula ensures farmers will recover a portion, but not all, of the income lost due to import competition.  This is not an open-ended program. Assistance is capped at $10,000 per farmer and a total of $100 million per year, and, of course, as must be under the Budget Act, this Trade Adjustment Assistance Program is paid for. In order to qualify for this limited Trade Adjustment Assistance Program, farmers will have to consult with the USDA's Extension Service to develop a plan for adjusting to the import competition.  In about 5 weeks, the United States will launch a new round of global trade talks with 133 other WTO--World Trade Organization--member countries. That is an extension of the organization that started out with 22 countries in 1947 for this regime of liberalizing trade. In 5 weeks, these talks start.  Farmers have always been among the strongest supporters of free trade because so much of what they produce is sold in overseas markets. In fact, there is an absolute necessity of selling overseas because, even in normal production, we produce a third more than can be domestically consumed. Profitability and farming must come by selling the surplus overseas.  The income our farm families earn in these foreign markets sustains our economy and contributes greatly to our national well-being. Farm support for free trade cannot and should not be taken for granted by the rest of the people in this country who benefit from free trade.  We are in the worst farm crisis since the Depression of the thirties. Low commodity prices are not caused exclusively by import competition, and I do not mean to imply that. In fact, it is just the opposite. It is caused because a lot of our markets overseas have been hurt by the financial crisis that started 2 1/2 years ago in the Far East. But, of course, in our complex economy, even in our complex agricultural economy, trade might be a contributing factor to these historically low prices.  Through trade adjustment assistance, we look after Americans who are harmed by import competition but not farmers. Through trade adjustment assistance, we have looked after communities harmed by import competition but not farm communities. Between 1979 and 1996, 12 trade adjustment assistance centers in the United States assisted about 6,130 firms with petitions for trade adjustment assistance. During this same 17-year period, these centers assisted only 200 food growers and processors, 200 firms in 17 years that were nonindustrial. But these firms were not individual family farms. I am concerned that if we lose farm support for free trade, it will be very hard, and perhaps impossible, to win congressional approval for new trade deals when these negotiations conclude among these 133 countries.  Fairness, equity, common sense, and, most importantly, the original intent of President Kennedy's program, all tell us that farmers and fishermen should and must be a part of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program.  So as Senator Conrad did this morning, I strongly urge my colleagues to support this important amendment.  I yield the floor.  