 I know this is a politically charged issue, but I believe there is enough in common on both sides of the aisle to pass a good, strong, bipartisan bill. At the end of the day, we can have legislation that will provide patients with the necessary protections they want, and deserve, without driving up the cost of insurance so high that we add to the number of uninsured.  Many of the provisions in the bills that have been introduced during this Congress and last Congress are similar to provisions I put forth in my Medicare patient bill of rights bill or S. 701, which was adopted as part of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. The cornerstone of my Medicare legislation was an expedited appeals process with a strong independent external review procedure and user-friendly, comparative consumer information so Medicare enrollees could make informed choices about their health plan options. Although the Medicare program already had an external review process, there were problems with the timeliness of reviews, particularly in urgent situations where a patient's health was in jeopardy. My bill codified the appeals process to ensure that these situations would be rectified. Independent reviews would be completed in 72 hours when considered urgent and 30 days for non-urgent situations.  My legislation also addressed another problem with the Medicare program. The program did not offer enrollees clear, concise, and detailed information about health plan choices and beneficiary rights in managed care. As more and more plans entered the Medicare market, it became increasingly clear that beneficiaries needed access to detailed, objective information about their options and about the protections they have under the Medicare program. S. 701 included new requirements for the program to provide enrollees comparative and user-friendly consumer information that became the foundation for the National Medicare Beneficiary Education program that is in existence today.  In addition to the expedited appeals process and the consumer information program, S. 701 contained other items like prohibiting gag clauses in Medicare managed care contracts, offering a point-of-service option, and assuring access to specialists when medically necessary. Not all of these provisions were included in the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, but I am proud to say most were and, as a result, Medicare beneficiaries enjoy these rights today.  Senator Jeffords' bill reported out of committee, and the Republican leadership bill, S. 300, also share many of the patient protections I advanced for Medicare for individuals currently insured under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA). While there have been some who have criticized the Republican bill for not covering all insured individuals, the reality is most individuals are covered under state consumer protections. However, for the 48 million people who are solely covered under ERISA, our bill would provide them similar protections to what most individuals enjoy today under their state laws. Furthermore, our bill would extend the two most fundamental and important protections to all employer-sponsored plans--an appeals process with a strong external review mechanism, and detailed, user-friendly consumer information so that individuals can make the best health plan choice possible for their needs. Our bill would not duplicate state regulation, thus avoiding unnecessary costs and regulatory burdens for employers. These costs ultimately get passed on in the form of lower wages, reduced health benefits, and fewer jobs.  To argue that the cost of this additional regulatory burden, and I might add this unnecessary cost, is worth it because everyone should have the same federal protections is short-sighted and just plain wrong. Health insurance coverage is a benefit that Americans want and desperately need. It is a benefit that employers voluntarily provide. If we require that all plans, even those already regulated by the state, be subjected to any new federal law, we will increase the cost of providing health insurance coverage. There is no dispute here. We have the figures from the Congressional Budget Office. In fact, the CBO provided us with a breakdown of the cost of each new patient protection. And guess what? The costs go up as we mandate more government regulation. This is not rocket science, this is common sense.  We need to ask ourselves as members of the Senate if we want to jeopardize the health insurance coverage of hard-working Americans for our own political and personal gain. We have guaranteed health insurance, so we don't need to worry about losing our coverage. But what about the voters, the people we are supposedly trying to help with this bill:  Should we pass this bill without regard to the cost or the impact it will have on people's coverage?  Should we be telling our constituents who are content with their health plan that the cost doesn't matter because what matters most is helping people who were harmed by their managed care plan?  Should our response be to folks back home that they should be willing to pay more for protections they already have under state law so that the federal government can step in to do what the states are already doing?  In addition to the rise in premiums patient protections will most certainly cause, the private sector is now predicting health care costs will increase even further than anticipated. A recent survey released by a human resources consulting firm indicates health insurers and health plan administrators expect HMO costs to increase 6 percent. Point-of-service plans are expected to rise 7.7 percent. According to a General Accounting Office (GAO) report, a 6 percent premium increase will result in approximately 1.8 million Americans losing their health insurance. This is without Congress taking any action. If the Democrats had their way, we wouldbe adding another 5 to 6 percent on top of the 6 percent increase already projected. What good are patient protections when you don't have any health insurance? And the costs of higher insurance premiums are not only measured by the loss of coverage. Families will have to make choices between a better education for their children; preparing for retirement; starting a business; or simply affording to each out on occasion just to pay their higher premiums to keep their health care coverage.  The survey goes on to cite reasons for these higher than expected premium increases. At the top of the list of reported reasons is new state and federal mandates. Do not be mistaken. The impact of increased regulation is real. And the cost is far greater than some monetary figure or percentage increase can possibly demonstrate. We are talking about peoples' health insurance coverage, and ultimately their health. For research has shown there is a direct correlation between a person's health and whether that person has insurance.  The Republican bill attempts to target protections where no state protections exist under ERISA. It provides two fundamental federal protections to all employer-sponsored plans. One of these provisions, which will offer patients the ability to solve disputes with managed care plans, is the appeals process. This provision, in my estimation, would solve many of the problems people experience with their managed care plans. This approach, unlike the Democratic approach, would provide assistance to the patient when they need it the most--at the time when care is needed. What good is it to know you can sue your health plan when your health has already been harmed or worse yet, you are dead? What good is to sue when most of the money ends up in the hands of trial lawyers?  Our bill would allow for any dispute regarding medical necessity decisions or a treatment determined to be experimental by the plan to be appealed to an external independent review board. This board would be made up of medical experts in the area of dispute. The appeals process would be timely, independent, and binding on the health plan. Patients would get health care when they need it, not a lawsuit after its too late.  The other new Federal protection that is fundamental to consumer choice is the availability of consumer information. The Republican bill would establish new disclosure and detailed plan information requirements for all employer-sponsored plans. This information would be available to people to ensure they understand what their plan covers, how it defines medical necessity, what they should do when a dispute arises, and much, much more. This provision will enable patients to make decisions about their health care and will create greater competition among health plans to provide quality care and service.  Throughout this debate we must remember what the purpose of this legislation is. We must not let rhetoric cloud our judgment about what will truly benefit patients and not special interest groups. We must remember this debate is about patients; not trial lawyers; not doctors; and not bureaucrats in Washington. We need to act responsibly to pass a bill that will provide meaningful patient protections while preserving the health insurance coverage of millions of hard-working Americans. Again, I ask the fundamental question we must consider. What good is a patient bill of rights when you don't have insurance?  Republicans and Democrats agree on a number of issues that really matter to our constituents. We should be able to pass a bipartisan bill with those provisions we all support. Both sides may have to compromise. But that is part of making the legislative process work. I ask my colleagues to remember on whom this debate should focus on. Let us not forget, it is the patients' bill of rights.  