 President, we have a Democrat alternative tax cut that is the weakest, least adventuresome effort to reduce taxes that you could ever expect which will do little good for anybody.  I call upon my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to be bold in trusting the American people with their money, to be bold in letting people keep money in their own pockets to spend. I ask the other side of the aisle to be as bold in tax policy, and to be as bold in reducing taxes as they are bold in wanting to spend the taxpayers' money. I would like to have them be as bold in reducing taxes as they are bold in their budget of this year to increase practically every program that has ever been thought of, and even establishing a lot of new programs to have Washington bureaucrats spend the additional money coming into the Federal Treasury.  They are not very bold when it comes to giving the taxpayers back their money, but they are very bold in saying how Washington can spend that money better than the taxpayers. They are very bold in increasing new programs and very bold, without using the words, but saying, in effect, that we in Washington know better how to spend the taxpayers' money than the taxpayers do.  How they like to quote Chairman Greenspan because of his respect, but also they only like to tell half of what Chairman Greenspan says. We have had an opportunity, as Senators, to hear Chairman Greenspan in so many different forums this year, just since the first of the year, talk about a surplus and what should be done with it. They would like to have you believe the only thing that Chairman Greenspan says is that he is against any tax cuts.  But what he does is give Congress several alternatives. Admittedly, he says that his first choice is to retire debt held by the public;  Next, to give tax reductions, because tax reductions are better than spending the money as the third alternative.  And particularly, Chairman Greenspan says, top priority ought to be given to cutting marginal tax rates.  Appearing just last week before the House Budget Committee, Chairman Greenspan reiterated his position by making clear, and I will give you this quote:       Only if Congress believes that the surplus will be spent      rather than saved is a tax cut wise.  I think given the President's, and his party's, past and present propensity to want to spend all of the surplus--the President's budget not only spends all the surplus, the President's budget would take $30 billion from Social Security, and they have a $100 billion tax increase as well--with their propensity to spend all of it, and more than the surplus, it should be obvious that the congressional budget plan that is before us by the people on this side of the aisle is aligned very much with Chairman Greenspan's position.  I wish our friends on the other side of the aisle would speak in the same way when they say that this money is not in the bank, that it is only projected income--when they use that as an excuse that you can't give people a tax cut--they ought to not project the expenditure of that money as well.  Yet they are willing to be radical. They are willing to be risky when projecting expenditure of this money. But somehow it is wrong to give this money back to the people to spend because if the people keep this money in the first place, they don't send it to Washington, and it is going to create more jobs. It is going to turn many times over in the economy than wouldotherwise be turned over in the economy if it were spent by Washington bureaucrats--creating jobs and creating wealth, if the taxpayers spend it, and just being poured down the black, bottomless pit if it is spent in Washington, DC.  We had a chart from the other side of the aisle that said what a great deal has happened since 1993 on reducing the deficit. But what is left out of that equation and that presentation is one of the greatest political revolutions that has come from the grassroots of America in an off-year election in the last 60 years. And that was that the people of this country for the first time in 40 years turned both Houses of Congress over to a Republican majority.  It was only after that Republican majority was elected that there were dramatic changes in budgeting with the caps, and even with a reduction of taxes in 1997 that brought the changes and the discipline to the Hill--even to the White House as well--that brought us to the place where we are today of talking about surpluses, because in the first 2 years of this administration their own budgets were projecting in the outyear deficits for a long, long time. But all of that was turned around when Republicans took over Congress, and started down the road of bringing surpluses and balancing the budget.  We are here to say that the Democrat tax decrease of $300 billion compared to our $792 billion is too puny to do the economic good that ought to be done. It is too puny to return political and economic freedom to the taxpayers of this country because the taxpayers will spend that money more wisely than if it is sent to Washington.  But we are also here to declare victory in the debate over whether we should give tax relief to the American people because they want us to believe with their amendment that they are for a tax cut. They are for a tax cut--a very small, puny tax cut. The President says now he is for a tax cut.  We have won somewhat of a victory in this year's debate. The question now is not whether there should be tax relief, but what kind and how much?  As a Member of the majority party, I can't think of a better problem with which to be confronted. With a tax cut plan before us, we are proposing to finally start sending hard-earned dollars out of Washington and back to the taxpayers.  Most of the provisions of this bill are what the people from the grassroots of America have been telling their Congressmen and Senators they want done--and really want done--because we include those things in our bill: addressing the marriage penalty; providing health care tax relief; more help for education, pensions and savings; long-term care; child care; estate tax relief; and, most importantly, general relief for middle-income taxpayers.  Nearly all of the provisions that I and Senator Feinstein introduced in S. 1160 are included in some form in the bill before us. I commend the chairman for taking the initiative and pushing major tax relief that people really want. And, by the way, even some Democrats supported it out of the Finance Committee. The President has only offered modest tax cuts.  This amendment is an example of it. Of course, in the process, as I indicated, he wants to raise taxes $100 billion in other ways in the process of giving a tax cut, because the President of the United States wants it both ways. He wants to be able to take credit for a tax cut on the one hand while he is raising taxes on the other hand.  Of course, he is sending out all of these frantic, hysterical veto threats. He attacked the House bill, playing the class warfare card that he plays so well, saying that it benefited the rich. Of course, he can't do that with a Senate bill. We saw that was not challenged on this point by people on the other side of the aisle, since 60 percent of the bill before the Senate helps families who are middle class and earning $75,000 or less.  Now the President and his minions are saying $792 billion in tax relief to the American people is too much. He is saying that either they don't need it--meaning they don't need the tax decrease--or he might even be saying they don't deserve it. He says this while asking for billions of dollars in new taxes to pay for even more spending while raiding the Social Security trust fund of $30 billion.  That is right. This President and his budget team raids Social Security to pay for more spending. He does this when taxes as a percentage of the Gross Domestic Product are at an all-time high of around 21 percent. Historically, taxes have been around 18 to 19 percent of the Gross Domestic Product over the last 30- to 40-year-period of time. We restore that historical level.  The public at the grassroots has pretty much consented to pay--not every American would agree with that--but over 30 to 40 years, it has been about 18 to 19 percent. But now it is up to 21 percent. We propose that it be more like that historical rate of taxation, as it has been for a long time.  By contrast, the administration, in addition to providing puny tax relief, would have a debt of $200 billion more than what we will have if our budget is adopted.  We also protect Social Security and Medicare.  The congressional budget plan before the Senate provides a blueprint for savings. We are projecting a cumulative surplus of $3.4 trillion. This includes the surplus in the Social Security trust fund as well as the on-budget general fund surplus. Of the estimated $3.4 trillion surplus, Republicans are advocating in this budget saving $1.9 trillion to save Social Security. These are the funds which are estimated to come into the Social Security trust fund from the payroll tax.  Of course, the President of the United States in attacking our budget is dead wrong in saying we put tax cuts before Social Security, because we plan for Social Security very thoroughly. We have been trying to set up a lockbox so no one will be able to get at that money and spend it. However, we have not met with much cooperation from the other side of the aisle on saving Social Security. I have lost track of the number of times since the first of the year we have had cloture votes on our Republican lockbox proposal. This is truly unfortunate. If we don't create a Social Security lockbox, we are going to end up spending the money for everything else but Social Security. Even the President has said he is in favor of a lockbox, but his actions fall far short of his rhetoric.  The tax cut we are talking about today is $792 billion. This is less than 25 percent of the total cumulative surplus of $3.4 trillion. A lot of our taxpayers say even $792 is not a bold enough tax cut. It is even less than the $1 trillion that will accumulate on the on-budget surplus. There is money left over, $505 billion to be exact, to take care of problems with the Medicare system and provide additional funds for discretionary spending.  In our budget resolution, we provide $180 billion for increased discretionary spending after the budget caps expire in the year 2002. That still leaves $325 billion to help solve Medicare problems and spending for domestic priorities.  Over the next 10 years the Federal Government will take in nearly $23 trillion in all taxes. That is a lot of money. This bill gives $792 billion back to the American taxpayers. That still leaves $22 trillion in revenue that the Government will spend. The tax cut we are talking about is only 3.5 percent, 3.5 pennies out of every $1 coming into the Federal Treasury over the next 10 years. I am a little embarrassed to tell the taxpayers we are only giving a tax cut of 3.5 percent from all the money the Federal Government will take in over the next 10 years. That is three times what the other side of the aisle would return to the taxpayers.  The congressional budget plan will save 75 percent of the surplus projected by the CBO over the next 10 years. In contrast, the President saves only 67 percent. The President is proposing a $95 billion tax increase.  We continually ask the American taxpayers to trust us as legislators. There isn't a day that goes by without us asking for that support from our constituents. Now it seems to me it is time to return trust to the American taxpayers. It is time to trust the American taxpayers with a little bit of their own money--3.5 percent of all the money coming in over the next 10 years.  The latest challenge from the other side of the aisle is reflected in the Democrat substitute before the Senate. I suppose it could be called a tax ``scratch'' instead of calling it a tax cut because it is that puny. Even a number of Democrats are scoffing atsuch a weak effort. It is less than $300 billion over 10 years. It does not even have a rate cut for middle-income taxpayers. It does not even get rid of the unfair marriage penalty that affects millions of taxpayers. Compared to our tax bill, it delays the 100-percent deductibility for self-employed health insurance and in the process hurts small business and farmers.  The Democrat plan only provides half of the assistance the Republican plan provides for people who need to purchase their own health insurance. The Clinton-Gore team and their lockstep followers in Congress do not think that the tax rate the average American pays is too much. We all know what their record has been. We all know the Clinton-Gore tax increase of 1993 was the largest ever in the history of the United States. I have heard some Members, in defense of their support of this massive tax increase, try to argue that this is what brought about the current surpluses.  This is a revisionist history that has risen to some sort of art form on the floor of the Senate today. First, the Clinton-Gore tax increase was supposed to raise $240 billion. Of course, this is less than the $290 billion they now say they want to give back in this substitute amendment.  However, the Clinton-Gore tax increase never raised the money it was supposed to raise. The revenue increase that did come in is due to the private sector economic engine and did so despite all of the shackles this administration has placed on business through both tax increases and unprecedented regulation.  In addition, $40 billion of this new revenue can be attributed to the capital gains tax reduction that the Republican Congress passed in 1997. The administration argued this tax reduction would cost revenue, but the Wall Street Journal has said this has brought in $40 billion more. So most of the arguments on the other side of the aisle are just plain wrong.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Abraham). The Senator from Montana.  