 President, I would like to take moment to tell my colleagues why the language on DOD Financial Reforms is so important.  I want to help them understand why I am so concerned about the breakdown of discipline and control in financial management at the Pentagon.  I have been investigating the problem for six years, now.  I have come here to the floor of the Senate and spoken about it many times.  I have offered amendments.  I raised these same concerns during hearings before the Budget Committee earlier this year--on February 24 and again on March 2nd.  My Judiciary Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight held a hearing last September on the lack of effective internal financial controls at DOD.  I am planning another hearing later this year.  The General Accounting Office (GAO) and the Inspector General (IG) have issued report after report after report exposing these problems.  Every single shred of evidence points to the breakdown of financial controls at the Pentagon.  IG and GAO reports consistently demonstrate that DOD accounts and assets are vulnerable to theft and abuse.  They show that internal controls are weak or nonexistent.  They show that financial transactions are not recorded in the books of accounts--as they occur--promptly and accurately.  They show that payments are deliberately posted to the wrong accounts. Sometimes transactions are not recorded in the books for months or even years--and sometimes maybe never.  DOD has no effective capability for tracking the quantity, value and locations of assets and inventory.  DOD has lost control of the money at the transaction level.  With no control at the transaction level, it is physically impossible to roll up all the numbers into a top-line financial statement that can stand up to scrutiny and audit.  Sloppy accounting procedures generate billions of dollars of unreconciled transactions--mismatches between official accounting records and inventory and disbursing records.  Billions and billions of dollars of unreconciled mismatches make it impossible to audit DOD's books.  As a result, DOD gets a failing grade on its annual financial statements that are required by law. Each year, the IG has to issue a disclaimer of opinion.  Unfortunately, there is nothing on the drawing board to suggest that a ``clean'' audit opinion is feasible in the foreseeable future. DOD just doesn't have the accounting tools to get the job done.  There will be no improvement in this dismal picture without reform--and some pressure from the Budget Committee and other committees.  Without reform, the vast effort dedicated to auditing the annual financial statements will be wasted effort.  The report language lays out a general framework for reform.  These reforms are not new or dramatic.  The Committee report language just tells DOD to get on the stick and do what it is already supposed to be doing--under the law. And it calls for some accountability to help get the job done.  This report language should help to move DOD toward a ``clean'' audit opinion within two years.  And there is another important reason why this language is needed today.  As I stated a moment ago, we are looking at the first big increase in defense spending since 1985.  I think the Committee needs to be on the record, telling the Pentagon to get its financial house in order.  If the Pentagon wants all this extra money, then the Pentagon needs to fulfill its Constitutional responsibility to the taxpayers of this country.  First, it needs to regain control of the taxpayers' money it's spending right now.  And second, it needs to provide a full and accurate accounting of how all the money gets spent.  DOD must be able to present an accurate and complete accounting of all financial transactions--including all receipts and expenditures. It needs to be able to do this once a year.  The GAO and IG auditors should be able to examine the Department's books and its financial statements and render a ``clean'' audit opinion.  That's the goal.  Mr. President, I would like to extend a special word of thanks to the Committee Chairman, my friend from New Mexico, Senator Domenici, for including this important language in the report.  I would like to thank him for understanding and accepting the urgent need for financial management reform at the Pentagon.  I would like to thank him for working with me in urging the Pentagon to move in the direction of sound financial management.  Mr. President, in my mind, DOD financial management reform is mandatory as we move to larger DOD budgets.  I understand that the language is not binding.  It's simply the first step in the effort to bring about financial reform and accountability at DOD through legislation later this year.  In the months ahead, I look forward to working with the Armed Services and Appropriations Committees to make it happen.  The Chairman of the Committee has agreed to help me do it.  He made a commitment to ``work closely'' with the Armed Services Committee to develop a legislative reform package that addresses the issues raised in the report.  I hope the Armed Services Committee will cooperate and find a way to address the need for financial reforms in tandem with more defense money.  Higher defense budgets need to be hooked up to financial reforms--just like a horse and buggy--one behind the other. They need to move together.  And I hope other members of the Budget Committee will join me in that effort.  I yield the floor.  