 President, we have a situation now in which several nursing home chains, maybe even some independent nursing homes, are going into bankruptcy. When this happens, we do not have public policy in place to guarantee the economic and accounting decisions that the bankruptcy involves take into consideration the needs of the residents of these nursing homes.  If a hospital goes bankrupt, the basic question then is, What happens to the patients? The moving of elderly patients, particularly those who have been in a single nursing home for a long period of time, is a very traumatic experience. Many times, the trauma that results from that removal leads to almost immediate death. I suppose a more accurate statement would be that under any circumstance, patients' welfare varies from case to case.  If a bankruptcy trustee is thinking about patients, he may act to protect them. If he is not thinking about the patients, they could end up on the street. This has happened before, and it could happen again. The amendment I am offering today with Senator Torricelli and Senator Leahy would modify our bankruptcy laws to deal with the failures of health care businesses. Our intent is simply to protect patients in a system that is not designed to protect them.  The fate of patients caught in business failures does not always make headlines. But when it does, the stories can be quite moving. The Los Angeles times on September 28, just 2 years ago, described the terrible consequences of a sudden nursing home closing:       It could not be determined Saturday how many more elderly      and chronically ill patients may be affected by the health      care company's financial problems. Those at the Reseda Care      Center in the San Fernando Valley, including a 106-year-old      woman, were rolled into the street late Friday in wheelchairs      and on hospital beds, bundled in blankets, as relatives      scurried to gather up clothes and other personal belongings.  As horrifying as this example is, it could easily be repeated. What happened at the Reseda Care Center, less than 2 years ago, could happen again and again across the country.  The Nation's bankruptcy laws are geared towards creditors and debtors. One purpose of the bankruptcy system is to ensure that creditors receive what debtors owe them. To this end, bankruptcy trustees concentrate narrowly on the bottom line. They try to maximize the amount of money returned to creditors. In a system so focused on finances, the human toll is often merely an ancillary concern.  Unfortunately, the poor financial conditions that led to the Reseda Care Center's collapse are increasing. Large portions of the health care industry are financially ailing. Almost one-third of our hospitals could face foreclosure. At least two of the Nation's largest nursing home chains are in deep financial trouble and may file for bankruptcy. We have had some chains already do that. Two large nursing home chains that declared bankruptcy, before they declared bankruptcy, had already cut 10,000 jobs. An increasing number of home health agencies are shutting their doors. All in all, health care business failures were up 15.5 percent between 1996 and 1997.  Thousands of patients tie their fate to health care providers. They have no alternative. Yet Federal law shows absolutely no consideration for patients' well-being during the process of bankruptcy. While the State of California has tried to prevent any more surprise nursing home evictions, each Federal bankruptcy judge decides whether any State law applies in an individual case. No Federal law protects patients in bankruptcy cases. With simple changes to the bankruptcy code, our amendment will fill this very dangerous gap in patient protection.  Specifically, one section covers the disposal of patient records. It provides clear and specific guidance to trustees who may not be aware of State or Federal requirements for maintaining these records, or confidentiality issues associated with patient records. Another section of our amendment makes the cost of closing a health care business, such as transferring patients to another health care facility, a top priority debt. This ensures these expenses will actually be paid.  In the ideal situation, though, we want to even keep these patients from being moved if that is possible, and I think it is possible. In fact, we have had the assurances of some of these chains that have gone into bankruptcy already that they are providing for the continuing care of their patients.  But perhaps the heart of this amendment, as I point to the third and main part of it, is the requirement that the bankruptcy judge appoint an ombudsman to act as an advocate for patients of health care businesses in bankruptcy. This ensures judges are fully aware of all the facts when they guide health care providers through bankruptcy. Prior to a chapter 11 filing, or immediately thereafter, the debtor may employ a consultant to help in its reorganization effort. The first step is usually cutting costs. Sometimes this step may result in a lower quality of patient care. An ombudsman, under our amendment, would provide an institutional voice for the patients to help ensure an acceptable level of patient care.  Our amendment also requires a trustee to make the best effort to transfer patients to another facility in the face of a health care business closing. This is designed to prevent a trustee from putting patients out on the street.  Our amendment provides a tremendous benefit for patients with a minimal impact on creditors and debtors. As policymakers, we must eliminate the possibility of midnight evictions at bankrupt nursing homes and hospitals. We must ease the fear of abandonment in individuals who are at a very vulnerable stage in their lives.  This is the amendment. We have had about 6 months pass since the first talk of bankruptcies by some major chains in the United States took place. I happen to also be chairman of the Senate Aging Committee. In that capacity, I consulted with HCFA when these first threats of bankruptcy came forth and we did not have the bankruptcy protection for the patients that our amendment proposes. I asked HCFA about plans for this, or what plans each of the States had for States that would have nursing homes in bankruptcy. We found a total vacuum of either Federal concern or Federal policy and, also in most States, that to be the situation.  Last spring, I asked the Health Care Financing Administration to start instituting a process that the States will go through as they license nursing homes. They should be concerned with the quality of care in nursing homes and have an interim plan for those nursing homes that go into bankruptcy, pending adoption of our legislation.  HCFA has carried out that responsibility very well. We now have word that each of the States have such a plan in place. We want to make sure this is a permanent part of the consideration of bankruptcy courts and, hence, the necessity of our legislation which goes beyond what the Federal Government, through HCFA, and the States through their licensing and quality control departments, has a responsibility to do. They now have in place a plan to deal with nursing home bankruptcies.  