 President, I rise to express my deep disappointment at the language affecting Federal dairy policy included in the Omnibus appropriations bill before us. As the Members know, the Omnibus measure includes an extension of the Northeast Dairy Compact and language on reforming our Nation's Federal dairy policy which has been in place since the Depression.  It may seem unusual to some Members that a Senator from Iowa would have an interest in this matter. While Iowa's reputation as an agriculture powerhouse is well-established and well-deserved, I think when many people think of agriculture in Iowa, they think of commodities such as soybeans or pork. However, the dairy industry is very important to Iowa as well. The total economic contribution of the dairy industry to the Iowa economy is over $1.5 billion annually. Nearly 10,000 Iowans are employed through dairy farming and processing. Furthermore, Iowa ranks 12th in the Nation in Dairy Production. So the State of Iowa has good reason to be concerned about Federal dairy policy.  I have long been concerned about the impact of the Northeast Dairy Compact, which was authorized by the 1996 farm bill and which was due to sunset in October of this year, has had, and how it will affect producers in the future. I voted in 1996 to strip the language from the farm bill which allowed for the formation of the Northeast Dairy Compact. The only reason the language was included in the farm bill was political trading at the last minute. Since the inception of the Northwest Compact, it is clear that its consequences have not been good.  According to the International Dairy Foods Association, the Northeast Compact has cost New England milk consumers nearly $65 million in higher milk prices, at the same time costing child nutrition programs $9 million more. Consumers have paid a price that is too high for the Northeast Compact. We should not make more consumers suffer the same consequences. I also believe that compacts are an abuse of the Constitution. While the Constitution does allow for the formation of compacts, it is usually invoked for transportation or public works project.  The Northeast Dairy Compact is the first time that compacts have been used for the purpose of price fixing for regional interests. For the most effective functioning of the U.S. economy, it must be unified. Preventing economic protectionism is at the heart of our Constitution. Renewing or expanding compacts flies in the face of that basic tenet. Furthermore, neither the Judiciary Committee or the Agriculture Committee, which have jurisdiction over such matters, has had the opportunity to review this measure. Such a committee examination is warranted and necessary.  One of the things that worries me about dairy compacts is their potential effect on other commodities. Higher prices mean more milk and less demand. The key to increasing dairy producers' income is expanding demand for milk and dairy products. If we take steps to expand dairy compacts, we will be going in the opposite direction. It is also my view that compacts are contradictory to the philosophy of freedom to farm, which my friend, the senior Senator from Vermont, supported. The whole philosophy behind freedom to farm was moving away from the old ``command and control'', government-run AG policies of the past. We need more free markets and free trade, not less. which brings me to my final point on compacts. As Chairman of the Finance Committee's Subcommittee on Trade, maintaining a strong trade position for the United States is my top priority. One of the reasons why the United States is the only true superpower left in the world and why our Nation remains economically strong while others have faltered is because we function as one economically. Our economic prosperity is undeniable proof of the superiority of free and open markets. If we were to allow the perpetuation of dairy compacts, it would send a very damaging signal to the rest of the world.  It would send the message that we do not have the confidence that a free and open economy will ensure that producers who come to the market with a quality product will be able to support themselves. Not only is the compact language in this bill unacceptable for dairy producers in the Midwest, but the Omnibus bill also includes language on the Nation's milk marketing orders that is detrimental to Iowa's dairy producers. Members know that milk marketing orders are a system put in place over 60 years ago to regulate milk handlers in a particular order region to promote orderly marketing conditions.  The 1996 farm bill required USDA to cut the number of marketing orders by over half and implement an up-to-date market oriented system of milk distribution. After a great deal of study and comment, USDA came up with two proposals, Option 1-A, and Option 1-B. Option 1-A is close to the status quo and Option 1-B is geared toward the free market and modernizing the system. While neither proposal was perfect, Option 1-B was definitely a better choice. However, given the concerns expressed by the public about both proposals, USDA issued a compromise initiative, which was still preferable to Option 1-A. Unfortunately, Option 1-A proponents have succeeded in getting Option 1-A language included in the Omnibus appropriations bill.  Those who favor 1-A sometimes make the argument that the compromise devised by USDA would cost dairy farmers nationwide $200 million. However, according to the USDA, net farm income would be higher under the compromise that under the status quo which is what 1-A is in many ways. The Food and Agricultural Policy Research Institute, which is located in my State at Iowa State University, has concluded that 60 percent of the Nation's dairy farmers would receive more income under the USDA compromise plan.  The unequal treatment of the old system, which is maintained by 1-A, artificially raises prices for milk in other parts of the country, encouraging excess production which spills into Midwestern markets. This simply lowers the price that Midwestern producers receive.  The Federal Milk Marketing order System is out of date and out of touch with modern production and economics. It is long overdue for reform and this language in the Omnibus bill just puts that off. My producers and others in other Midwestern States have endured the inequities of the Milk Marketing Order System long enough. I am very disappointed that the unfairness of the old system would be perpetuated by the language in this bill. We could still correct the mistakes made by this bill which would have a tremendously detrimental effect on dairy producers within Iowa and the rest of Midwest.  I urge the leadership on both sides of the aisle to work with Midwestern Senators to help put an end to the unfair treatment of the Midwestern dairy farmers. Thank you.  