 President, I rise today in support of the pension reform provisions which have been included in the minimum wage and business tax amendment sponsored by colleague Senator Domenici.  Earlier this year I cosponsored with Senator Bob Graham of Florida, comprehensive pension reform legislation--S. 741, The Pension Coverage and Portability Act. Many of the provisions in S. 741 were included in the vetoed Taxpayer Refund Act of 1999. Now, those provisions have been included as part of the Republican minimum wage amendment.  Experts say that, ideally, pension benefits should comprise about a third of a retired worker's income. But pension benefits make up only about one-fifth of the income in elderly households. Obviously, workers are reaching retirement with too little income from an employer pension. Workers who are planning for their retirement will need more pension income to make up for a lower Social Security benefit and to support longer life expectancies. While we have seen a small increase in the number of workers who are expected to receive a pension in retirement, only one half of our workforce is covered by a pension plan.  There is a tremendous gap in pension coverage between small employers and large employers. Eighty-five percent of the companies with at least 100 workers offer pension coverage. Companies with less than 100 workers are much less likely to offer pension coverage. Only about 50 percent of the companies with less than 100 workers offer pension coverage. Small employers who may just be starting out in business are already squeezing every penny to make ends meet. These employers are also people who open up the business in the morning, talk to customers, do the marketing, pay the bills, and just do not know how they can take on the additional duties, responsibilities, and liabilities of sponsoring a pension plan.  I firmly believe that an increase in the number of people covered by pension plans will occur only when small employers have more substantial incentives to establish them. The pension provisions contained in the minimum wage amendment offered by Senator Domenici would provide more flexibility for small employers, relief from burdensome rules and regulations, and a tax incentive to start new plans for their employees. These reforms would create new retirement plans which would help thousands of workers build a secure retirement nest egg.  The amendment also contains provisions which promote new opportunities to roll over accounts from an old employer to a new employer. The lack of portability among plans is one of the weak links in our current pension system. This amendment contains technical improvements which will help ease the implementation of portability among the different types of defined contribution plans.  There has been criticism that the benefits of pension reform legislation would largely be directed toward the rich. However, to the contrary, evidence suggests that pension benefits largely benefit middle class workers. Over 75 percent of current workers participating in a pension plan have earnings of less than $50,000. Among married couples nearly 70 percent of those receiving a pension had incomes below $50,000. Among widows and widowers, over 55 percent of pension recipients had incomes below $25,000.  Furthermore, there are provisions in the amendment specifically designed to help rank-and-file workers earn meaningful benefits. Provisions such as reducing the vesting period for employer matching contributions in defined contribution plans and eliminating the twenty-five percent of compensation limit on combined employer and employee contributions to defined contribution plans.  Finally, let me say there is a precedent for including reforms to the employer provided pension system with an increase in the minimum wage. Three years ago we increased the minimum wage from $4.25 to $5.15 as part of the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996. Included in that legislation were a number of reforms to the employer-provided pension system. One in particular, was the creation of the SIMPLE pension plan--which has expanded coverage to thousands of employees of small businesses who otherwise might not have been able to participate in a pension plan.  We have an opportunity to improve the incomes of the lowest paid members of the American labor market, and to improve retirement security for millions of workers and their families. I support my colleague's efforts, and encourage others to do the same.  