 President, I rise today to introduce vitally important legislation to promote the well-being of America's family farms by extending chapter 12 of the Bankruptcy Code. This bill, which is known as ``safety 2000,'' will also make needed changes to chapter 12 which will make it work better for family farmers. I'm pleased that Senator Daschle is joining with me in this effort to save family farms. In Iowa, pork prices recently hit an all time low. Pork producers are facing serious hardship, and we must make sure that those farmers who need bankruptcy relief to help save their farming operation have meaningful protections.  Last year, again with the distinguished minority leader, I introduced legislation to make chapter 12 permanent. That legislation passed the Senate by unanimous consent. However, the legislation was not enacted into law. On April 1 of this year, chapter 12 will expire. Mr. President, we cannot let this happen.  As the only family farmer in the Senate, I feel I have a unique responsibility to make sure that family farming remains a strong and vibrant part of American life. For generations, family farms have fed this country. But farming has always had rough periods.  Allowing chapter 12 to expire will repeat a fatal mistake of the past. During the great depression, Congress created special bankruptcy protections for farmers to help them ride out the severe economic conditions of that tragic era. However, Congress allowed these laws to lapse in the 1950s. So, when farmers in Iowa confronted the farm crisis of the mid-1980s, they were left without effective bankruptcy relief. By passing my legislation, we can prevent the mistakes of the past from occurring again.  I think it's very important to realize that chapter 12 is not a hand out or a ``get out of debt free'' card. Farmers are hard-working people who want the chance to learn their way. In fact, chapter 12 is modeled on chapter 13, where individuals set up plans to re-pay a portion of their debts.  By all accounts, chapter 12 has been wildly successful. So many times in Washington we develop programs and laws with the best of intentions. But when these programs get to the real world, they don't work well. chapter 12, on the other hand, has worked exactly as intended. According to Professor Neil Harl of Iowa State University, 74 percent of family farmers who filed Chapter 12 bankruptcy are still farming and 61 percent of farmers who went through Chapter 12 believe that Chapter 12 was helpful in getting them back on their feet.  But Chapter 12 can be made even better. ``Safety 2000'' will make Chapter 12 better. The bill expands the definition of family farmer so that more farmers can use Chapter 12. Under current law, family farmers can't use Chapter 12 to save their farms if a farmer has more than $1.5 million in debt. This is too restrictive, and my bill would let farmers who have up to $3 million in debt use Chapter 12.  ``Safety 2000'' also helps farmers to reorganize by keeping the tax collectors at bay. Under current law, farmers often face a crushing tax liability if they need to sell livestock or land in order to reorganize their business affairs. According to Joe Peiffer, a bankruptcy lawyer from Hiawatha, Iowa, who represents many family farmers, high taxes have caused farmers to lose their farms. Under the bankruptcy code, the I.R.S. must be paid in full for any tax liabilities generated during a bankruptcy reorganization. If the farmer can't pay the I.R.S. in full, then he can't keep his farm. This isn't sound policy. Why should the I.R.S. be allowed to veto a farmer's reorganization plan? ``Safety 2000'' takes this power away from the I.R.S. by reducing the priority of taxes during proceedings. This will free up capital for investment in the farm, and help farmers stay in the business of farming.  In conclusion, Chapter 12 works well and this legislation will make it work better. Let's make sure that we keep this safety net for family farmers in place. I urge my colleagues to think of this bill as a low-cost insurance policy for an important part of America's economy and America's heritage.  