 President, first of all, I thank the Senator from New York for his cooperation with us on a couple of amendments he has worked out with us and has withdrawn so we could get closer to completion of work on this particular amendment.  In the case of his amendment just now offered, and my opposition to it, I want to say we have taken into consideration some of the complaints he has made--not about our bill, but complaints he would have made about some of the people writing legislation in this area, that they would go too far. But I think his amendment goes too far because it would have the effect of letting bankrupts below the national median income file for bankruptcy and do it in bad faith. That would make the small businesses and honest Americans who stand to lose out--they will be told they can't do anything about it. What we want is opportunity in our legal system, in the bankruptcy system, in the courts there, to be able to make a judgment, if there is bad faith used, to do something about it--most importantly, to discourage that sort of activity.  So I think this amendment gets us back to the point where we are now under existing law--inviting abuse of the bankruptcy code.  Under our bill, which we have been debating for the last several days on the floor of the Senate, and particularly as modified by the managers' amendment now, people below the national median income are not subject to motions by anybody under the means test. But there is another part of this bill that says the bankruptcy cases can be dismissed if the debtor filed for bankruptcy in bad faith. At this point, the creditors are allowed to file motions asking a bankruptcy judge to dismiss a case if it is filed in bad faith. That is the way our litigation system works and should continue to work.  In an effort to go the extra mile, however, I accepted an amendment, by Senator Reed of Rhode Island and Senator Sessions, to put new safeguards in place to prevent creditors using any power they have to file bad faith motions as a tactic to force a debtor togive up his or her rights. That should not be allowed. The Reed Sessions amendment corrects that. The projections in the Reed Sessions amendment were also developed in close consultation with the White House.  Our bill further provides that if a motion to dismiss is filed and the judge dismisses it, the judge can assess penalties against a creditor who filed the motion if the motion wasn't substantially justified. So we want to make sure that creditors who would abuse some of their power in court would not--if it was not substantially justified, if their position was not substantially justified, then action should be taken against them, and that is entirely fair as well. So we have a fair system with tough penalties for creditor abuses.  Now, the amendment of Senator from New York will return to the system we have today. Under current law, creditors can't file motions when a chapter 7 case is abusive or improper. And every observer acknowledges that the current system doesn't work at all in terms of catching abuse; hence, a major part of this bill is to correct this situation.  We went to great length in our committee report on this bankruptcy bill to discuss this point in very much detail. So this amendment should be defeated because it prevents the provisions prohibiting bad faith bankruptcy from being enforced. That is like saying to deadbeats it is not OK to file for bankruptcy in bad faith, but we are not going to do anything about it if you do. And, of course, that is exactly the wrong signal we want to send. We want to make sure that people who go into bankruptcy are people who have a legitimate reason for being there and that they aren't taking advantage of bankruptcy to somehow help themselves, and in bad faith is part of that process.  Mr. President, how much time do I have left?  