 President, today, along with my colleague from Wisconsin, Senator Feingold, I am introducing the Motor Vehicle Franchise Contract Arbitration Fairness Act.  Over the years, I have been in the forefront of promoting alternative dispute resolution (ADR) mechanisms to encourage alternatives to litigation when disputes arise. Such legislation includes the permanent use of ADR by federal agencies. Last year we also passed legislation to authorize federal court-annexed arbitration. These statutes are based, in part, on the premise that arbitration should be voluntary rather than mandatory.  While arbitration often serves an important function as an efficient alternative to court some trade offs must be considered by both parties, such as limited judicial review and less formal procedures regarding discovery and rules of evidence. When mandatory binding arbitration is forced upon a party, for example when it is placed in a boiler-plate agreement, it deprives the weaker party the opportunity to elect any other forum. As a proponent of arbitration I believe it is critical to ensure that the selection of arbitration is voluntary and fair.  Unequal bargaining power exists in contracts between automobile and truck dealers and their manufacturers. The manufacturer drafts the contract and presents it to dealers with no opportunity to negotiate. Increasingly these manufacturers are including compulsory binding arbitration in their agreements, and dealers are finding themselves with no choice but to accept it. If they refuse to sign the contract they have no franchise. This clause then binds the dealer to arbitration as the exclusive procedure for resolving any dispute. The purpose of arbitration is to reduce costly, time-consuming litigation, not to force a party to an adhesion contract to waive access to judicial or administrative forums for the pursuit of rights under state law.  I am extremely concerned with this industry practice that conditions the granting or keeping of motor vehicle franchises on the acceptance of mandatory and binding arbitration. While several states have enacted statutes to protect weaker parties in ``take it or leave it'' contracts and attempted to prevent this type of inequitable practice, these state laws have been held to conflict with the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA).  In 1925, when the FAA was enacted to make arbitration agreements enforceable in federal courts, it did not expressly provide for preemption of state law. Nor is there any legislative history to indicate Congress intended to occupy the entire field of arbitration. However, in 1984 the Supreme Court interpreted the FAA to preempt state law in Southland Corporation versus Keating. Thus, state laws that protect weaker parties from being forced to accept arbitration and to waive state rights (such as Iowa's law prohibiting manufacturers from requiring dealers to submit to mandatory binding arbitration) are preempted by the FAA.  With mandatory binding arbitration agreements becoming increasingly common in motor vehicle franchise agreements, now is the time to eliminate the ambiguity in the FAA statute. The purpose of the legislation Senator Feingold and I are introducing is to ensure that in disputes between manufacturers and dealers, both parties must voluntarily elect binding arbitration. This approach would continue to recognize arbitration as a valuable alternative to court--but would provide an option to pursue other forums such as administrative bodies that have been established in a majority of states, including Iowa, to handle dealer/manufacturer disputes.  This legislation will go a long way toward ensuring that parties will not be forced into binding arbitration and thereby lose important statutory rights. I am confident that given its many advantages arbitration will often be elected. But it is essential for public policy reasons and basic fairness that both parties to this type of contract have the freedom to make their own decisions based on the circumstances of the case.  I urge my colleagues to join Senator Feingold and myself in supporting this legislation to address this unfair franchise practice.   