 President, this bill, the original bill, contains manyprovisions to help collect past due child support. This is not just the authors saying this. These provisions are endorsed by the prosecutors who actually enforce child support laws.  On another point, in response to what the Senator from Connecticut has said, if one is under the median income, the means test doesn't even apply to that person. The people Senator Dodd is worried about won't be affected.  In a more broad sense, this amendment should be defeated. First, the means test we now have in the bill is very flexible. The charge has been that we are not flexible enough. I will point out that flexibility. If a bankrupt is in a unique or special situation, our bill, the means test, allows that person to explain his or her situation to the judge or to the trustee and thus get out of paying these debts if there are special expenses. If these special expenses are both reasonable and necessary and this reduces repayment ability, the debtor doesn't have to repay his or her debts.  The way we determine living expenses in this bill is to use a template established by the Internal Revenue Service for repayment plans involving back taxes.  I have a chart and a study of the bill which was done by the General Accounting Office. The General Accounting Office noted in its June 1999 report, which was to Congress, and a report about bankruptcy reform, that this template includes a provision allowing a debtor to claim child care expenses, dependent care expenses, health care expenses, or other expenses which are necessary living expenses. Tell me, with all these things included, and with the General Accounting Office backing up the intent of our legislation, that this bill is not flexible, that this bill does not take into consideration the living expenses and needs of the potential person in bankruptcy.  This is, frankly, as flexible as you can get. According to the General Accounting Office and the Internal Revenue Service, living standards in the bill now provide that any necessary expense can be taken into account. The only living expenses not allowed under this bill are unnecessary and unreasonable expenses. What is wrong with not allowing unreasonable and unnecessary expenses? The only people who oppose the means test as currently written are people who want deadbeats looking to stiff their creditors to dine on fancy meals and to live in extravagant homes and to take posh vacations.  On the issue of household goods, this might by a surprise to the Senator from Connecticut, but I tend to agree with some of what he said now and last night. If Senator Dodd were to modify his amendment, just to deal with household goods, I will be pleased to work with him on that, to get the amendment accepted. But his amendment does much more than just deal with the household goods issues. I simply cannot accept these other changes.  Finally, this amendment by the Senator from Connecticut makes fraud much easier because the problem we must address in doing bankruptcy reform is that some people load up on debts on the eve of bankruptcy and then try to wipe out those debts, wipe them all away, by getting a discharge. Obviously, this is a type of fraud which Congress needs to protect against. The bill now says that debts for luxury items purchased within 90 days of bankruptcy in excess of $250, and cash advances on credit cards made within 70 days in excess of $750, are presumed to be nondischargeable. This is pretty flexible on its face. Under the bill now, you can buy $249 worth of luxury items such as caviar the day before you declare bankruptcy and still walk away scot-free. Under the bill, you can get $749 worth of cash advances minutes before you declare bankruptcy and still walk away scot-free.  But this is not enough for the people proposing this amendment. So the question we have to answer is how much fraud do we want to tolerate? This amendment is way off base. If you want to crack down on out-and-out fraud, and that is what we are talking about, you should support the bill and you should be against this amendment because by supporting the amendment, you make it easier for crooks to game the bankruptcy system and get a free ride at everyone else's expense. Consequently, if you do not want to do that, you will not support the Dodd amendment. I oppose the amendment and I ask my colleagues to do the same.  I yield the floor.  