 President, this is a health issue, yes, but it is more than just an issue of whether or not we are going to continue to poison the environment and the ground water and permit poison, on the one hand, or a product that you can drink, on the other hand, to take its place. This is also an economic issue, although we have almost exclusively debated the health issues tonight. We just as easily could be conjuring up the debates of previous years between big oil on the one hand and agriculture on the other hand--agriculture being the base product for the production of ethanol, and big oil because of its interest in MTBE.  So it is an economic issue, not just an issue of poisoning the environment. It is also an issue of whether or not we ought to rely upon a renewable source of energy that comes from agriculture and corn, to make ethanol, or whether you ought to rely upon a nonrenewable fuel, MTBE. It is also an issue of whether or not this country ought to be energy-dependent upon foreign sources, because like our importing more than half of our petroleum, we also import half of our MTBE. The issue should be how we are going to be less dependent upon foreign sources of energy when we fully use our own family farmers to grow our own crops and use our own agricultural products to produce ethanol, a renewable fuel.  It is an environmental issue in regards to whether or not you are going to produce MTBE from a nonrenewable source, a finite source, and poison; or whether you are going to have the more clean-burning, renewable source that doesn't poison from ethanol.  Our balance of trade is also an issue due to the fact that one-third of our unfavorable balance of trade comes from the fact that we import so much of our energy. We should use more of our domestically produced energy, a renewable source of energy which is not imported and not controlled by oil companies. This would provide the nation with a more favorable balance of trade.  Our national defense should not be devoted in part to defending foreign sources of energy. An admiral in the Navy once explained that about half of the Navy's budget is dependent upon protecting oil, the flow of oil from the Middle East to the United States. This should be considered a subsidy. This source of energy partially compromises our national defense. We should base our national defense more on energy independence through the use of renewable energy, domestically produced energy, of which ethanol is part of that equation, produced from a renewable source.  Yes, this is an issue of poison versus a product that isn't poison. Ethanol is a product that you can drink, but it has a positive economic impact, solidifies our national defense, benefits our environment, and reduces our trade deficit.  So let's look at it in a very broad vein because this is not a brand new debate. This is a debate that has been going on in this body over a period of time, dating back to 1980 when we first started the renewable resource of ethanol as a supplement to gasoline.  Now, this isn't just a recent health issue because of California and what the Governor of California has done to phase out MTBE, the poisonous product in their State. The Governor has already made that decision. But I have given evidence on the floor in this body, in previous debates on this issue, where people using MTBE in Alaska got sick and the Governor had to ask for waivers. I think I also produced evidence in those previous debates regarding a similar situation in the State of New Jersey, just as an example.  I think it has been well established that this does not just come from leaky gasoline tanks leaking into the underground water. It has been presented very clearly that this product also is emitted into the air and because of rainfall finds its way into our water supply.  In my State of Iowa, the legislature has banned MTBE. My State banned its use in the last legislative session. The Governor of California has also moved to phase the poison out of its fuel. While we have been moving forward on this issue, the debate tonight might appear new to many of my colleagues. To those colleagues it might make sense to study this more, to let the committees make the proper decisions. But there are numerous state legislatures that have made the conclusion that MTBE should be banned. I hope we will favorably consider the Boxer amendment because I think it is very legitimate that we immediately move forward on this issue.  Obviously, my State of Iowa, as the No. 1 corn-producing State in the Nation, will benefit if this poisonous product is phased out. I stand guilty of promoting ethanol. But it is not fair to say that just because you as the traveling public--and every one of you in this body owns an automobile--who pull up to the gasoline pump and pay a little bit less gas tax because a portion of your gasoline is ethanol which doesn't have the Federal gas tax in it, that this is a subsidy. The word ``subsidy'' implies that there is money paid out of the Federal Treasury to somebody to use that product. That is not true. Do we want to raise the tax on people motoring? Then do away with the ethanol tax exemption and you would have it.  I think we have the arguments on our side. I think it is going to be easy to cloud the issue and claim this needs to be studied. Remember, there are legislative bodies elsewhere in this country that have come to the conclusion that this has had enough study and that something as poisonous as MTBE should not be in the water.  