 President, I rise today in support of legislation sponsored by Senators Jeffords, Kennedy, Roth and Moynihan. I commend my colleagues for their dedication to improving the way federal programs serve persons with disabilities. Continuing my support for this effort from last Congress, I became an original co-sponsor this year of S. 331, the Work Incentives Improvement Act of 1999.  This bill addresses one of the great tragedies of our disability system. The tragedy is forcing many people with disabilities to choose between working and maintaining access to health care. The intent of our system was never to demoralize Americans who are ready, willing and able to work. It is critical that we overturn today's policies of disincentives toward work and replace them with thoughtful, targeted incentives that will enable many individuals with disabilities to return to work.  By removing barriers to necessary health care, the Work Incentives Improvement Act gives the disabled population the green light to join the work force. It is smart public policy that will help alleviate the tight labor market, increase the tax base for the Social Security trust fund and address employer concerns. Many employers are wary of adding a high-cost employee to their company's insurance pool.  Most of all, this bill is the right thing to do. By providing disabled workers a better opportunity to earn a living, this bill reinforces our nation's strong work ethic. Earning one's own way in the world helps foster personal responsibility and self-esteem.  Over the years I have heard from Iowans who have been forced to leave the work force because of a disability. More than 40,000 Iowans receive federal disability benefits, but fewer than 20 percent of these Iowans hold a job. Most are discouraged form seeking employment because of the fear of losing critical health benefits covered by Medicare and Medicaid.  For example, Tim Clancy of Iowa City has his Bachelor of Arts from the University of Iowa. He is an active individual and participates in a number of city and county government activities. Tim lives with cerebral palsy and relies on personal assistants for morning and evening help. Recently, he became employed by Target in Coralville, Iowa, but does not have health insurance through his employer. After he completes his trial work period and extended period of eligibility, he will lose his health insurance. The Work Incentives Act would allow Tim--and many others--to continue receiving the same health coverage as he has now.  I look forward to the passage of this legislation. It will unlock the doors toemployment for thousands of invaluable citizens.  