 Torricelli, Mr. Specter, Mr. Feingold, and Mr. Biden) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by them to the bill, S. 625, supra; as follows:       On page 145, between lines 15 and 16, insert the following:     SEC. 420. BANKRUPTCY FEES.       Section 1930 of title 28, United States Code, is amended--       (1) in subsection (a), by striking ``Notwithstanding      section 1915 of this title, the parties'' and inserting      ``Subject to subsection (f), the parties''; and       (2) by adding at the end the following:       ``(f)(1) The Judicial Conference of the United States shall      prescribe procedures for waiving fees under this subsection.       ``(2) Under the procedures described in paragraph (1), the      district court or the bankruptcy court may waive a filing fee      described in paragraph (3) for a case commenced under chapter      7 of title 11 if the court determines that an individual      debtor whose income is less than 125 percent of the income      official poverty line (as defined by the Office of Management      and Budget, and revised annually in accordance with section      673(2) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981)      applicable to a family of the size involved is unable to pay      that fee in installments.       ``(3) A filing fee referred to in paragraph (2) is--       ``(A) a filing fee under subsection (a)(1); or       ``(B) any other fee prescribed by the Judicial Conference      of the United States under subsection (b) that is payable to      the clerk of the district court or the clerk of the      bankruptcy court upon the commencement of a case under      chapter 7 of title 11.       ``(4) In addition to waiving a fee under paragraph (2), the      district court or the bankruptcy court may waive any other      fee prescribed under subsection (b) or (c) if the court      determines that the individual with an income at a level      described in paragraph (2) is unable to pay that fee in      installments.''. 