President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of Noel Francisco to be the Solicitor General of the United States.  The Solicitor General--often called the ``tenth Justice''--argues on behalf of the United States in the Supreme Court. It is a critical position in our government, and it is critical that we have a Solicitor General with the independence to tell the President when the position he wants the United States to take before the Court is indefensible.  Mr. Francisco already had a troubling tenure as Acting Solicitor General earlier this year. He led the effort to defend the original version of the President's controversial travel ban. That Executive order was blocked repeatedly in Federal courts and was then withdrawn. In defending this unconscionable order, Mr. Francisco argued that there should be no judicial review when a President makes decisions on immigration policy on the basis of his national security assessment. The Ninth Circuit stated that ``there is no precedent to support this claimed unreviewability, which runs contrary to the fundamental structure of our constitutional democracy.'' If he is confirmed, Mr. Francisco would likely be called upon again to defend President Trump's latest iteration of the travel ban when it is considered by the Supreme Court in October.  When he was under consideration by the Judiciary Committee, I asked Mr. Francisco many questions to give him the opportunity to show his independence from President Trump. For example, I asked him if he agreed with President Trump's absurd claim that 3 to 5 million people voted illegally in the 2016 election. He refused to answer the question.  I asked him if he believed it was appropriate for a President to ask an FBI Director to pledge loyalty to him. He declined to comment.  I also asked him about the Constitution's Emoluments Clause, which prohibits government officials from accepting gifts or benefits from foreign states without Congress's consent and which many legal scholars believe President Trump has violated. Mr. Francisco actually had written an opinion on the Emoluments Clause when he was in the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel. I asked him what he believed the Founding Fathers intended this clause to mean. His response? ``I do not have any well-formed views on the scope of the Emoluments Clause.'' It is puzzling that an originalist like Mr. Francisco would not comment on the original meaning of a constitutional provision, but he clammed up when it came to this particular clause which is directly relevant to President Trump's behavior.  While Mr. Francisco has been reluctant to demonstrate independence from President Trump, he has been willing at many points in his career to demonstrate loyalty to special interests. For example, Mr. Francisco gave a speech at the 2015 annual conference of the Community Financial Services Association, better known as the trade association for the payday lending industry. Here is what he said: ``The payday lending industry is facing the challenge of a lifetime. It is essential that, as an industry, you be prepared to respond on all fronts, and it has been my privilege to assist you in doing this over the last few years. This includes the legislative front, the regulatory front, and--my favorite--the legal front.''  Let's be clear. We don't need a Solicitor General who thinks it is a privilege to assist payday lenders.  Mr. Francisco also was a prominent lawyer for the tobacco industry. His advocacy on their behalf prompted a number of national antismoking and health organizations to call for Mr. Francisco to recuse himself from tobacco-related litigation matters if he were confirmed. I asked Mr. Francisco if he would commit to recuse himself from tobacco litigation, but he would not make that commitment.  Mr. Francisco has been eager to position himself alongside rightwing groups like the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation. He made this particularly clear at a speech he gave to the Heritage Foundation on May 19, 2016, when he said: ``We live in an era where our views, traditional views, are under constant attack. Our adversaries have not even really tried to beat us through the democratic processes, but instead go straight to the courts, where they often win not by asserting that our views are legally wrong, but that they are so fundamentally illegitimate that the Constitution prohibits them. And they now have an increasingly compliant Judiciary that agrees with their policy views and that is unconstrained by legal principle.''  This is a troubling characterization, to claim that people who do not share the views of the Heritage Foundation are ``our adversaries.'' It is just as troubling to claim that the Judiciary is acting ``unconstrained by legal principle'' whenever it disagrees with the views of the Heritage Foundation. Comments like this raise serious questions about the ideology Mr. Francisco would bring to the Solicitor General's office.  Make no mistake--President Trump is likely to keep the Supreme Courtbusy. It has never been more important to choose a Solicitor General who displays independent judgment and who is willing to say no if the views the President wants to execute are improper or unlawful. In my questions to him, I repeatedly gave Mr. Francisco the opportunity to display that independent judgment, but he did not do so, and what I have seen in his speeches and his advocacy concerns me.  In short, I do not believe Mr. Francisco has demonstrated that he can be the Solicitor General that our Nation needs. I will oppose his nomination.  