President, I come to the floor today to talk about another rule the Republicans want to overturn instead of working with Democrats to create jobs. This rule outlines when State unemployment agencies can drug test applicants for unemployment benefits.  Today there are roughly 7.6 million Americans who are unemployed, and over 2 million of these unemployed Americans are collecting unemployment insurance. About 150,000 of these people live in Illinois.  Unemployment insurance benefits provide a lifeline to many workers and families who are struggling to make ends meet. If this resolution passes, my Republican colleagues will succeed in preventing hard-working Americans from receiving these benefits, and they will succeed in making it more difficult for unemployed Americans to find work.  This past August, the Department of Labor finalized a rule that explains when State unemployment agencies can subject unemployment benefit applicants to a drug test. The rule clarifies which occupations regularly conduct drug testing, as established by the Department of Labor, to help State programs that conduct drug testing.  This rule makes sure States have the guidance they need to implement drug testing requirements in a fair and legalmariner, but if this partisan CRA is signed into law, it will undo a bipartisan compromise that was created to ensure equitable access to unemployment benefits.  Unemployed Americans have paid into the unemployment insurance program, and they are entitled to receive that insurance when they lose their job to circumstances beyond their control. By supporting blanket drug testing of unemployment insurance applicants, my Republican colleagues are targeting hard-working Americans who in many cases have fallen on hard times.  And let me be clear, this will make it more difficult for them to receive the benefits they have earned.  Millions of Americans around the country voted for leaders who would fight for the working class. Repealing this rule will be another broken promise to those families.  Drug testing is also expensive. In 2011, the Texas Legislative Budget Board estimated it would cost Texas $30 million over the course of just 1 year if they moved forward with a universal drug-testing policy for unemployment benefits.  When States have conducted drug testing of applicants for other government programs, like the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, very few claimants have tested positive for drug use.  My Republican colleagues say that this resolution will help save taxpayer money, but overturning the Department of Labor's rule will lead to millions of wasted taxpayer dollars on drug tests that come back negative.  This resolution isn't about saving money. It is about paving the way for lawmakers who want to drug test every American who has to file for unemployment insurance; yet these same lawmakers aren't calling for drug testing Americans that claim other Federal benefits, like tax credits or deductions on their tax returns.  I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to remember: the Department of Labor's drug-testing rule is about real people who depend on unemployment insurance to live in America.  They need these benefits to put food on the table, to make a rent or mortgage payment, or to pay for gas to allow them to continue their job search.  When people become unemployed, it is often a result of company downsizing or outsourcing American jobs, not drug use. We should not and cannot unfairly stigmatize these workers and make it even more difficult for them to get back on their feet after becoming unemployed by undoing this regulation.  I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against this resolution.  