President, during my time in the Congress, I have had the privilege of visiting many other nations, often fragile or new democracies struggling to meet the needs of growing numbers of youth and emerging middle classes.  For example, many of the fastest growing economies are in the developing nations of Africa and Asia. In fact, a few years ago, the World Bank said Africa was on ``the brink of an economic take-off.''  Such economic gains should be welcome news for lifting millions out of poverty, providing better basic services such as education and health care, and improving the lives of women.  They are also opportunities to create more markets for our goods and services, to add to our global allies, and to reverse the conditions that lead to violent extremism.  But for those of us who have visited many such nations, we are also aware of a major impediment to realizing these improvements--namely effective and clean government.  You see, too often, endemic corruption--frequently around lucrative extractive oil and minerals--robs untold sums from generation after generation in many of these nations.  Just look at such oil rich nations as Angola, Venezuela, Nigeria, or Equatorial Guinea, where government after government squandered and stole the oil wealth from its own people, far too many of whom still live in terrible squalor.  Some of you may remember the devastating column Nicholas Kristof wrote in 2015, ``Deadliest Country for Kids.'' Here is how he describe Angola: ``This is a country laden with oil, diamonds, Porsche-driving millionaires and toddlers starving to death. . . . this well off but corrupt African nation is ranked No. 1 in the world in the rate at which children die before the age of five. . . . Under the corrupt and autocratic president, Jose Educardo dos Santos, who has ruled for 35 years, billons of dollars flow to a small elite--as kids starve.''  He continues: ``There are many ways for a leader to kill his people, and although dos Santos isn't committing genocide he is presiding over the systematic looting of his state and neglect of his people . . . Let 's hold dos Santos accountable and recognize that extreme corruption and negligence can be something close to a mass atrocity.''  In 2008, Republican Foreign Relations Committee staff, under then-Senator Richard Lugar, released a report on this scourge, ``The Petroleum and Poverty Paradox.''  The report from Lugar discussed the ``resource curse'' which is a ``phenomenon whereby large reserves of oil or other resources often negatively affect a country's economic growth, corruption level and stability.''  Why is this important? Let me quote from the report: ``This `resource curse'affects us as well as producing countries. It exacerbates global poverty which can be a seedbed for terrorism, it dulls the effect of our foreign assistance, it empowers autocrats and dictators, and it can crimp world petroleum supplies by breeding instability. . . . This report argues that transparency in revenues, expenditure and wealth management from extractive industries is crucial to defeating the resource curse.''  Wise words from a wise man.  And so, this report became the basis for a very thoughtful, bipartisan law that I was proud to support which tried to tackle this issue in a very commonsense manner.  It simply required that the SEC issue a rule requiring all oil, gas, and mineral companies listed on the U.S. Stock Exchange to disclose royalties, bonuses, fees, taxes, and other payments made to foreign governments as a transparency tool for fighting corruption.  The U.S. law became the catalyst for others: all 28 European Union member states have enacted similar legislation, followed by Norway and then Canada, who are key players in extractive industries--further establishing an international norm.  Moreover, a study conducted by business professors at George Washington University and Catholic University found that increased transparency resulting from disclosures required under the rule lowers the cost of capital for covered U.S. listed firms by up to $12.6 billion.  So claims that this is burdensome and will result in competitive harm to American firms are unfounded and simply untrue.  So here we are, 4 months since our intelligence services disclosed that a former KGB official led a cyber act of war on our Nation and democracy--and what is the priority of the Republican majority?  Establishing an independent commission to look into the Russian attack?  No.  Taking up bipartisan legislation to tighten sanctions on Russia for its attack on our Nation?  No.  In fact, not a single Republican has even come to the Senate floor to discuss these grave matters of national security.  Ronald Reagan, who understood the Russian mentality so well, must be turning in his grave to see this abdication by his party.  Instead, what is the majority party's priority?  Well, repealing health care from millions without an alternative--and, now, trying to strip this good governance anticorruption law--one led by a member of their own party and subject to years of debate and input--aimed at addressing corruption that robs so much from the world's poor--not exactly draining the swamp.  This isn't an onerous rule. It is simply a matter of disclosure, transparency, and good governance. It is hard to understand opposition to greater transparency.  As such, I will vote against his measure and I urge my colleagues, especially my Republican colleagues who have made helping the world's poor one of their endeavors to do the same, don't vote to put more money in the pockets of the world's worst autocrats at the expense of the world's most vulnerable.  