Critics dismissed this idea as ridiculous. One of the leading political columnists of the day wrote that the man's initials stood for ``Feather Duster Roosevelt, a lightweight''--nothing to him.  Al Franken's decision to run for a seat in this Senate from Minnesota was met in many quarters with the same sort of mockery.  Many people said: He is a comedian. He doesn't have the knowledge or the skill or the patience or the vision to be a lawmaker. You can't joke your way into the Senate.  The pundits were wrong about FDR. He was one of our greatest Presidents during one of our darkest hours.  Madam President, the doubters were wrong about Al Franken too. Al Franken has been my friend, my personal friend, for more than two decades. For the last 7-plus years, he has been my colleague in the Senate. He has been a credit to the Senate, a passionate advocate for his home State of Minnesota, a defender of our Constitution, and a determined fighter for justice. He became a better Senator every year. His work in the Senate has made life for millions of people better in Minnesota and far beyond. He and his dedicated staff can take pride in that fact. Al Franken has been and I am sure will continue to be an effective champion for those whose daily struggles too often go unnoticed and unaddressed in the places of power.  During his time in the Senate, Al Franken has always been there when his Senate colleagues asked for help. He was one of the most sought-after voices in our party. He never failed to pack a bag, catch a plane, and spend another night away from his family to help each and every one of us.  Twenty years ago, when I first met him, he was this well known, successful comedian on ``Saturday Night Live'' who happened to play the role of a fellow named Paul Simon, a Senator from Illinois who was my predecessor. Paul Simon invited Al Franken to come to Makanda, IL. It is not even close to Chicago. He agreed on a Sunday afternoon to be there on behalf of my campaign, although we had never met, and he came. He limped onto Paul Simon's front porch, saying: ``I twisted my ankle playing squash.'' I thought it was another perfect example of a reason he could have used to avoid the invitation, but he came anyway. We had a great afternoon and a terrific time with Paul Simon of ``Saturday Night Live'' and the real Paul Simon and a senatorial candidate who was grateful for Al Franken's presence that day.  When people ask me to describe my politics, I say that I follow the gospel of St. Paul. By that, I mean I try to emulate three of my greatest political heroes, who happen to share that name.  The first Senator, Paul Douglas of Illinois, was a champion of honesty, economic justice, and civil rights, and the man for whom I had the good fortune of interning when I was a college student; Paul Simon, whom I just mentioned, my predecessor from Illinois, who was one of the smartest, most decent men I have ever met in any walk of life; and Senator Paul Wellstone of Minnesota, who has received many deserved tributes today. Paul Wellstone was the champion of farmers, hotel maids, grocery clerks, cafeteria workers, and everyone who worked hard and struggled for dignity and enough money just to pay the bills.  Paul Wellstone, as we have heard from both Senator Klobuchar and from Al Franken himself, is the man Al Franken chose to emulate in public life. He stated Paul Wellstone's famous quote: ``We all do better when we all do better.'' It is a simple statement, a profound truth, and it has been the guiding light for Al Franken's Senate career.  Senator Wellstone died 15 years ago in a tragic plane crash. On the 10th anniversary of that terrible loss, Senator Franken wrote an essay about Paul Wellstone's legacy for The Atlantic magazine. I want to read a short section from that essay.  Senator Franken wrote:       One of Paul's most famous quotes is this: ``Politics is not      about power. Politics is not about money. Politics is not      about winning for the sake of winning. Politics is about the      improvement of people's lives.''       That quote is often used to criticize those on the other      side who seem to forget the human consequences of their      political agenda. But progressives should keep it in mind, as      well.       The big fights--war and peace, justice and liberty--are      important. But there aren't any small fights. And where Paul      made the biggest impact--where his work resulted in the      greatest improvement of people's lives--was on issues that      don't usually lead anyone's stump speech: mental health,      domestic violence, homelessness among veterans.  When future historians look back at the legacy of Senator Al Franken, I believe they will say: Here is a man who loved his State and his country, who worked hard to be a good Senator, and who never hesitated to take up an important issue, large or small.  Al Franken and I served together on the Senate Judiciary Committee. Over the years, I have watched him mature into one of the best, most insightful questioners on that committee. His questioning of Supreme Court Nominee Gorsuch, now Supreme Court Justice Gorsuch, helped to expose the Justice's troubling record of ruling against workers and families.  It was a story about a truckdriver who deserted his position on the roadway, was freezing in the middle of the night, who finally got his day in court, and the decision by Judge Gorsuch at the time, in my opinion and Al's opinion, did not serve justice. Many of us raised that issue; no one raised it more effectively than Al Franken.  His probing questioning also exposed Attorney General Sessions for misleading America about his meetings with Russians during the 2016 Presidential campaign.  He has been equally effective on the HELP Committee. His questioning of the future Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos, showed her to be unfamiliar with some of the most basic and important debates in education policy and clearly exposed the fact that she was unready to serve as our Nation's leader at the Department of Education.  I guess some people seek elected office to make a name for themselves, but Al Franken didn't need to be a Senator to achieve that. He already had a well-known name as an entertainer, radio host, and best-selling author before he entered politics. He and his wife Franni have a good life, two great kids, and wonderful grandchildren who followed.  