We asked him to provide a surge in these programs, just like President Obama did in his first year through the Recovery Act and the appropriations process.  We also asked the President to direct the Justice Department to promote mentoring and job training programs. I want peace on the streets of Chicago and every American city, and I know that one of the keys to this is the belief that there is a chance in this economy for you and your family.  We need to have mentoring and job training programs for young people through the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention and for former incarcerated persons through the Federal Second Chance Act.  We asked the President to support policing reforms recommended by the Justice Department in Washington. We asked him to support our efforts to close the gaps in Federal gun laws.  There is no denying that poverty plays a role in fueling violence and in violating justice. We asked the President, also, to prioritize funding for jobs programs under the Departments of Labor and Education. These are concrete steps that would help reduce violence in Chicago.  So far, President Trump's administration has not committed any additional resources to combatting Chicago's violence. Mayor Emanuel was here a few days ago to meet with the Department of Justice and to make the same plea. The administration instead is threatening to cut funding, on top of the devastating funding cuts we have already seen in Illinois under our current Governor.  Now is not the time for the Federal Government to abandon support for the families living in this great city. I urge the President and his administration to reprioritize Federal resources to reduce gun violence in Chicago and around the Nation. It is going to save a lot more lives than tweeting.  If you will not do it for two Democratic Senators, do it for these families. Do it for the moms and the relatives who are now planning the funeral services of these babies who were gunned down in the city of Chicago this week.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  