President.  Under this President, Congress passed the most comprehensive overhaul of financial regulations since the Great Depression, protecting consumers and taxpayers.  President Obama inherited a Federal budget hemorrhaging red ink. Under his watch, the budget deficit has fallen $1 trillion, despite record investments in education, green energy, broadband, high-speed rail, medical research, and other high-return priorities.  He brought us the Affordable Care Act. I am not going to dwell on it because I spoke on it before when the other Senators were on the floor.  There was a skit on ``Saturday Night Live'' last week that talked about, would the Republicans be happy if we banned the word ``ObamaCare''? Can we stick with the Affordable Care Act since it is helping so many people? Sometimes we think that is what this is all about: We have to get rid of it because it has his name on it. Well, we shouldn't. We should reflect on the good that it has done and make sure we do nothing less in the future. Health insurance costs are going down at the fastest rate in 50 years. Medicare gets an additional projected 10 years of solvency because of the Affordable Care Act. Numerous Republican Governors, including Vice President-Elect Mike Pence, have used Medicaid expansion of ObamaCare to reduce the uninsured in their States.  On the issue of climate, I will defer to my friend from Rhode Island, who has stepped off of the floor for a moment, but when it comes to this, President Obama has taken climate change seriously. He does not view it as an unproven theory or a Chinese-authored hoax; he believes it is a fact, and so do I. It is a threat to the existence of humanity, and we are running out of time to prevent a climate catastrophe.  Americans built on the historic breakthrough at the 2015 U.N. summit on climate change in Paris. When that summit ended, 195 countries joined the United States and agreed to lower greenhouse gas emissions.  The President once told a group of young people: ``I refuse to condemn your generation and future generations to a planet that is beyond fixing.''  We have a safer and more secure America. This President brought troops home--massive numbers of troops--who were dispatched around the world in harm's way. He understands we can't fix all the world's problems. We learned that the hard way. He banned the use of torture. We have seen the withdrawal of the majority of U.S. troops from Iraq and Afghanistan. Al Qaeda has been decimated, Osama bin Laden is history, and ISIS is on the run.  Under President Obama, Americans led the successful global effort to conquer an Ebola epidemic in West Africa, and he helped preserve a democratic Ukraine, despite the aggression of Vladimir Putin of Russia. He has restored relations with Cuba after 50 years of a failed policy. The President and John Kerry had enormous diplomatic success with the Iran agreement to protect our friend and ally Israel and many other states in the Middle East.  I want to close by saying that his efforts in two areas are personal to me. Criminal justice reform, this President is determined to make sure our sentencing laws are just. There are things going on now that are just indefensible. We have been jailing people and imprisoning them for drug crimes for decades--unacceptable. The President is determined to get this done. We did part of it. I hope we can do more.  Finally, let me just say that this President, more than any, has really shown a caring for the DREAMers, a bill I introduced 16 years ago, so that those who came to the United States as children, through no fault of their own undocumented, would get a chance. That was it. He put together DACA, an Executive order which gave them that chance.  We have to work now to protect these bright, young people. I am so encouraged that Speaker Paul Ryan, at the CNN town meeting last week, acknowledged this and said he was willing to work to make sure we protected them. Barack Obama was the one who gave them this opportunity, and now it is up to us to follow through and give them a fair shake in life.  Mr. President, to reiterate, the affordable Care and Patient Protection Act that our colleagues across the aisle are now rushing headlong to repeal--without anything to replace it--represents the greatest advance in economic fairness and security for most Americans since at least the creation of Medicare 50 years ago.  ObamaCare has made the health coverage of all insured Americans more secure and more valuable by: outlawing discrimination based on pre-existing conditions; eliminating costs for checkups, mammograms and many other preventive measures; and allowing young people to stay on their parent's policies until age 26--among other new protections.  It has reduced the ranks of uninsured Americans by 20 million, and it has saved money. That's not a matter of opinion, it's a fact.  According to an analysis by the respected, nonpartisan Brookings Institution, health insurance exchange premiums are 44 percent lower today than they would have been without ObamaCare.  Health insurance costs are going down at the fastest rate in 50 years.  Numerous Republican Governors--including Vice President-Elect Mike Pence--have used the Medicaid expansion in ObamaCare to reduce the uninsured in their States. That's a good thing.  But now President-Elect Trump and our Republican colleagues tell us that they want to repeal ObamaCare, cancel those patient protections, go back to the days when insurance companies write all the rules, and leave 20 million Americans without insurance.  They say they will come up ``fairly easily'' with something better than ObamaCare.  I say to my friends: If it were easy, it would have happened already. Work with us to fix the things that can be improved, not kill it. Lives are at stake.  President Obama understands that climate change is not an unproven theory or a Chinese-authored hoax, it is a fact. It is a threat to the very existence of humanity and we are running out of time to prevent a climate catastrophe.  Under Barack Obama, America went from being the chronic spoiler to being a world leader in global climate change negotiations.  We reached a sweeping bilateral climate pact with China to cut greenhouse gas emissions--something critics said could never happen.  American built on that historic breakthrough at the 2015 U.N. summit on climate change in Paris. When the summit ended, 195 countries had agreed to lower greenhouse-gas emissions.  The President once told a group of young people: ``I refuse to condemn your generation and future generations to a planet that's beyond fixing.''  He has done his part to keep that commitment. We should build on his progress, not reverse it.  The cornerstone of President Obama's foreign policy is a recognition that America remains the world's one indispensable nation and that we, and the world, are safer when America chooses engagement over either isolation or unilateralism.  He also understands that America cannot fix all of the world's problems. We have to choose wisely, based on our ideals, our priorities and our limits.  He banned the use of torture. He has seen the withdrawal of the majority of U.S. troops from Iraq and Afghanistan. Al Qaeda has been decimated, ISIS is on the run, and Osama Bin Laden is dead.  Under President Obama, America led the successful global effort to contain and conquer an Ebola epidemic in West Africa.  And we helped preserve a democratic Ukraine against Russian aggression.  President Obama announced plans to restore normal relations with Cuba--reversing 50 years of a failed policy that done at least as much harm to America's relations with our neighbors in this hemisphere as it had done to depose the Castro regime.  The President and Secretary of State John Kerry made a momentous diplomatic success in negotiating an agreement to prevent Iran from gaining nuclear weapons, protecting our ally Israel and many nations across the Mideast.  The Iran nuclear deal holds the promise of defusing a ticking time bomb. If Iran fails to live up to that promise, we will know quickly and we will take the steps to stop them.  I want to touch briefly on two other issues that I have worked on very closely and to which I am deeply committed.  The first is the growing, bipartisan movement to end America's era of overincarceration.  America has 5 percent of the world's population--and nearly 25 percent of the world's prisoners. That ignominious fact is largely the result of inflexible antidrug laws that disproportionately punish people of color, especially poor people of color.  In 2010, President Obama signed a law that I introduced with Senator Sessions called the Fair Sentencing Act. It replaced a Federal law that demanded dramatically harsher sentences for convictions involving crack cocaine than powder cocaine.  I have worked with Democrats and some brave Republican colleagues for a few years to further reform Federal sentencing--to allow Federal judges some discretion in nonviolent drug cases, and eliminate ``three strikes and you're out law'' and other overly harsh and inflexible laws that are overly harsh and hugely expensive to enforce.  In the absence of action from us, President Obama has used his powers to commute the sentences of more than 1,000 people--more than 50 times the number of people whose sentences were commuted by President George W. Bush and more than the past 11 Presidents combined.  We can't have it both ways. If we don't want President's to use their lawful Executive authority to correct injustices, we need to correct those injustices ourselves. I hope we will do so in this new Congress.  Finally, we must--we must--fix America's broken immigration system.  And let's start by assuring DREAMers--those young people who were brought to this country as children and who are undocumented through no fault of their own--that we will not deport them from the only nation they have ever called home.  I have come to this floor dozens of times to tell you their stories. They are scholars, American soldiers, researchers, doctors, engineers, lawyers, clergy members.  DACA--the President's Executive order--allows them to stay in this country temporarily while Congress works to pass a comprehensive immigration reform plan that meets the needs of our economy, and honors our values and our unique and powerful heritage as a nation of immigrants.  More than 750,000 DREAMers put their trust in our Government and came forward to register under DACA.  What will happen to them if--as many fear--DACA is not extended?  Immigrants are not a threat to America. Immigrants are America. The sooner we acknowledge that fact and align our laws with it, the better we will be.  Mr. President, I could go on for quite some time about what President Obama, Vice President Biden, and their administration have meant for America, but time precludes that so I will close with these last thoughts.  In that historic speech he delivered in Boston 12 years ago, President Obama told us that, in his father's native tongue, the name ``Barack'' means ``blessing.''  President Obama leaves office now as the most popular politician in America, and assured of his place in history. I believe that America has been fortunate--even blessed--by his service and sacrifice as our President.  President Obama has also warned us that ``History travels not only forwards; history can travel backwards, history can travel sideways.'' I hope that we can all pledge, regardless of party, to keep history moving forward.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Lankford). The Senator from Rhode Island.  