This is day 20 of the Trump administration. Day 20. Not quite 3 weeks since President Trump was sworn in as President of the United States. This evening at about 7 p.m., we will vote on his nominee for Attorney General. So in the first 20 days of his administration, he will have his Attorney General.  What the Senator from Texas failed to relate was the experience we went through not that long ago when President Obama wanted to fill the vacancy of the Attorney General's office with Loretta Lynch, a woman who had served as prosecutor, U.S. attorney, lifelong professional in the Department of Justice, who went through the regular hearing process in the Judiciary Committee, was reported from the committee, and she was sent more than 20 additional questions by Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama--more questions which of course, she dutifully answered, as she was required to do. Then she was reported to the calendar, where she sat for 2 months. A 2-month vacancy in the Attorney General's office. Why? Was there something substantively wrong or controversial about Loretta Lynch? If there happened to be, I never heard it.  Where then was that argument about national security and leaving the Attorney General nomination in limbo when it was President Obama seeking to fill that spot? Well, we didn't hear it at all. In fact, the Senator from Texas said: Oh, it was related to another bill and whether that bill was going to be called; it was actually Senator Reid who was holding it up.  From where I was sitting--and I came to the floor at one point and said: What are we waiting for? This lady is eminently qualified. She has been reported by the committee. She has answered all the questions. She languishes on the calendar.  She wasn't alone in this experience, incidentally. The Executive Calendar, as the Obama Presidency ended, was filled with nominees who were held forno obvious reason by the Republicans. They had been reported from the committees. They were ready to fill judicial vacancies across the United States and other posts. And the official position of the Republican Senators happened to be: We are not going to ever let people vote on them because we are hoping and praying we will get a Republican President who can fill those same vacancies with people of our political persuasion. That was the reality.  That was the same reality that left Merrick Garland, President Obama's nominee to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court, languishing for almost 1 year. The Republicans and the leaders in the Senate would not give him a hearing or a vote. And Senator McConnell came to the floor and said: I won't even meet with him.  So when I hear these protests now from the Republican side of how we are not moving quickly enough on these nominations, we are. And I think we are moving in the appropriate way. We are asking hard questions.  And I don't subscribe to the position of the Senator from Texas, who preceded me here, when it comes to the Voting Rights Act. I listened as Senator Sessions of Alabama said that he believed the Shelby County v. Holder decision was a victory for the South when it ended preclearance of legislation that could have a direct impact on the voting rights of individuals. And I do recall what happened when the Federal court took a specific look at North Carolina's legislation statutes as it related to voting and said the North Carolina legislature had ``with surgical precision'' found ways to exclude African Americans from voting--not 20 years ago but just a few months ago, before this last election.  This is a critical issue, and it is interesting to me that last night the dustup on the floor involving the Senator from Massachusetts, Senator Warren, was about the same issue, the Voting Rights Act.  In a letter sent by Coretta Scott King to Strom Thurmond--then chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee--when Senator Sessions, before he was Senator, was being considered for Federal judgeship--this is what Coretta Scott King said in the letter. I am not going to read the personal and controversial sections that have been pointed out before, but it is critical to what her message happened to be. She said to Strom Thurmond in a letter about Senator Sessions moving to the Federal bench:       Free exercise of voting rights is so fundamental to      American democracy that we cannot tolerate any form of      infringement of those rights. Of all the groups who have been      disenfranchised in our Nation's history, none has struggled      longer or suffered more in the attempt to win the vote than      black citizens. No group has had access to the ballot box      denied so persistently and intently.  It was a critical issue over 30 years ago when Mr. Sessions was then being considered for a Federal judgeship. It is a critical issue to this day because of two things: a decision by the Supreme Court, which basically took away one of the major powers of the Voting Rights Act, and, secondly, a coordinated effort by Republicans across the United States to suppress the vote of minorities and particularly African Americans.  I point directly to that North Carolina decision for what I just said. What they have tried to do is to systematically reduce the likelihood that poor people and minorities will vote. As chairman of the Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights, and Human Rights, I held public hearings in Ohio and Florida. Those hearings were held in those States because they had proposed new restrictions on voters.  So, both in Cleveland and in Florida, I brought the election officials--Democrats and Republicans--before my subcommittee, put them under oath and asked: What was the incidence of widespread voter fraud in the elections in your State which led you to make it more difficult and challenging for the people of your State to vote?  The answer was: There were none. There were no examples of widespread fraud. There were only a handful of prosecutions for voter fraud. That told the story. This didn't have anything to do with voter fraud. This had to do with discouraging turnout in areas that were more friendly to Democratic candidates, period. So when we make a big issue of the position of Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions on the Voting Rights Act, it is with good cause.  It is historically an issue which has haunted the United States since the Civil War, when excuses after excuses were made for African Americans seeking the right to vote, and people were denied the right to vote with poll taxes and literacy tests and ridiculous standards to this very day, when the Republican Party strategy is to diminish the African-American vote by voter suppression.  Is it important that we know the position of Senator Jeff Sessions on the Voting Rights Act? To me, it is one of the most important questions to be asked. The fact that it evoked controversy on the Senate floor with Senator Warren last night is an indication of how seriously we take it. Yes, we have added a few more hours to the debate. I disagree with the Senator from Utah and the Senator from Texas who say: You know how it is going to end; why are you wasting our time?  I don't think it is a waste of time to have a fulsome debate in the Senate on something as fundamental as protecting the right of every American citizen to vote.  I yield the floor.  