 He is a newbie, and he has not seen the Senate I am describing.  Can you believe there was a time in the Senate when we would bring an important measure to the floor on many different issues, and Members would come to the floor--I am not making this up--and actually hand an amendment to the clerk and say: I would like to offer an amendment to the bill. Then we would debate it, and then we would vote on it. Sometimes you won, sometimes you lost, and you moved on to the next amendment. That actually happened on the Senate floor. For the people who are new to the Senate, I am sure they do not believe me, but it did happen over and over and over. We had a healthy respect for one another. The amendments went back and forth, and we ended up seeing bills passed that made a difference in America.  What we are doing now is a disgrace to this institution, and it does not honor the Senate, its Members, or our Constitution when what is at stake isso important. In looking at some of the provisions that have been brought before us in the Senate's Republican repeal bills to repeal the Affordable Care Act, I do not know how they can do it. I do not know how Senators could go home and say in their home States: A million of you are going to lose your health insurance because of something I just voted for.  Health insurance means a lot to me personally. I have said it on the floor. There was a time in my life when I was a brandnew law student and was married. God sent me and my wife this beautiful little baby. She had some health issues, and we had no health insurance, as I was a law student. We ended up sitting in the charity ward of a local hospital here in Washington, hoping our baby girl would have a good, talented, capable doctor walk through the door and see her. I was not sure because I did not have health insurance. I will never forget that as long as I live, and I thought to myself that it will never happen to me again. I am going to have health insurance no matter what it takes. It meant that much to me, and it means that much to everybody.  There is not a single one of us who does not want the peace of mind of knowing that if we get sick or if someone we love gets sick, he will have access to good hospitals and good doctors. That is what health insurance is all about. As the Republican proposals eliminate health insurance for 60 million, 20 million, 30 million Americans, you ask yourself: How can you do that to this country?  The cuts they make in Medicaid have really educated America about Medicaid. People know about Social Security. They know what that is all about. We all pay into it and wait to receive our Social Security checks when we reach that age. They also know about Medicare. You have to be 65 years of age. It is pretty good coverage, isn't it? The ones who receive it think it is a pretty good deal to have Medicare coverage when they reach the age of 65, but Medicaid was one of those mystery programs. People were not sure. What does it do? The Medicaid Program in America does the following:  In Illinois, that program takes care of half of the new mothers and their babies. Half of them are paid for by Medicaid--prenatal care to make sure the baby is healthy, the delivery of the baby. Afterward, the mom and baby are taken care of, paid for by Medicaid. This is one out of every two births in Illinois.  Medicaid also sends provisions--money--to your local school districts. I will bet you did not know that. If your local school district has a special education program--and virtually all of them do--they receive Medicaid to pay for some basics. It pays for counselors for special ed students. Sometimes transportation in a local school district in downstate Illinois or feeding tubes for some severely disabled students are paid for by Medicaid. You may not know that for disabled people, Medicaid is their health insurance. Many of them have no place else to turn.  I mentioned on the floor before that a mother in Champaign, IL, with an autistic child, said: Senator, if it were not for Medicaid, my son would have to go into an institution. I couldn't afford it.  Medicaid is his health insurance.  I have not touched the most expensive part of Medicaid of which you may not know, which is that two out of three people in nursing homes depend on Medicaid to get basic medical care. Medicare is not enough. They need the help of Medicaid. So if it is Mom or Dad or Grandma or Grandpa who is in a nursing home, two out of three of them depend on Medicaid.  The Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act says we are going to cut the spending on Medicaid, that 25 to 35 percent will be cut. That is why Governors of both political parties have screamed bloody murder: You cannot do that. You are cutting the Federal contribution to Medicaid in our States. Who is going to pay for that baby? Who is going to pay for the mom? Who is going to pay the school district? Who is going to pay for the disabled? Who will take care of the folks in nursing homes?  Why did they make that deep of a cut in Medicaid--a program that is so important to so many people? There is the tough part. That deep of a cut was made in Medicaid so Republicans, in their healthcare proposal, could include a tax break for the wealthiest people in America, for health insurance companies, and--get this--for pharmaceutical companies. To give them tax breaks, they had to cut Medicaid coverage for all of the people whom I just described.  Is it any wonder that many Republicans backed away from this? Senator Heller, of Nevada, talked to Governor Sandoval--both Republicans--and said he could not support an early version of the bill because of the deep cuts in Medicaid.  If this is supposed to be an improvement over the Affordable Care Act, which part of it is an improvement? Is it in cutting Medicaid coverage for all of those people, saying that your health insurance policy does not have to cover people with preexisting conditions, raising the cost of healthcare premiums, particularly for people between the ages of 50 and 64, eliminating health insurance for millions? Is that an improvement over the current system? It is not. It is a disaster.  The question is, By the end of this debate, after we have gone through this crazy process of voting up and down quickly and with very little debate, will one more Republican Senator stand up and say unacceptable? Two of them have. If one more will join them, then we can get down to the real business we should face. The real business is being the Senate again with regular order, which means taking the measure to the HELP Committee. Senator Murray, of Washington, is the ranking Democrat. Senator Lamar Alexander is the chairman from Tennessee. I respect him and like him a lot. The two of them ought to have hearings on a bill to change the affordable care system and make it work better, bring down the cost of premiums, and expand health insurance coverage. I think that is what we should be all about.  Now, there is a basic difference in philosophy here. I will close with this, but this is what drives us. Answer the following question, and I can tell you how you are going to vote on this bill:  Do you believe healthcare is a right for every American or do you believe it is a privilege; that if you have enough money and you are lucky enough, you can get it, and if you don't, you go without.  If you answer the question that it is a right, that it should be a right in America, then you have to reject this approach. You cannot take helpless people, some of whom are working hard in two and three jobs at a time and who have no healthcare benefits, and say to them: Sorry. Our system will not take care of you.  One last point. The irony of that is that if you do not give people health insurance, if you do not give them protection, they still get sick, they still go to the hospital, and they still get care. What happens to the bills they cannot pay? Everybody else pays them. Before the Affordable Care Act, each of us paid $1,000 a year in premiums just to cover for the people who could not afford health insurance.  We think there is a better way. We think Americans should have access to affordable health insurance across the board, and we think we can achieve that if we work together on a bipartisan basis. So I hope one more Republican Senator will join Senators Collins and Murkowski and bring us back to what John McCain described on the floor today to the Senate--of having a real debate about real issues and really caring about the American people.  I yield the floor.  