'  This morning, Bob Michel, who served as the leader of the U.S. House of Representatives for the Republican Party, passed away at age 93.  His replacement as Republican leader in the House marked the end of an era of civility--Congress has never been the same--but his life as the son of an immigrant, as a decorated veteran of World War II, and as a person who was first a staffer, then elected to Congress, and rose to leadership is a testament to his talent and his commitment to America.  I had known Bob Michel for 35 years. We had adjoining congressional districts downstate. When he was elected in 1982, in the Reagan off-year election, it was a tough year for Republicans. Bob Michel barely survived. Attorney Doug Stevens, of Peoria, had about 48 percent, and Bob had 52 percent. Lane Evans, of the Quad Cities, was elected to Congress, and I was as well.  For 14 years, we were neighboring Congressmen. Bob Michel came in and campaigned for my opponents. I went into his district to campaign for his opponents. You would think that would have created a negative relationship, but it didn't. Despite that--despite our differences on political issues--we were always friends, and we were always respectful.  You could not help but be a friend of Bob Michel's. What an amazing personality--a smile that would light up a room and a man who was determined to fight like crazy, day in and day out, for the things he believed in on the floor of the U.S. House and then, after adjournment, joined with Tip O'Neill for dinner--a dinner that usually ended up with a lot of people singing songs over a few drinks and great memories.  The codels in those days--the congressional delegation trips--were often bipartisan and had both Speaker O'Neill and the Republican leader, Bob Michel, hosting them as they went to important places in the world.  There was a time when Bob Michel was a Congressman and wanted to get home to Peoria every weekend but couldn't afford the airfare. Do you know what he did? He shared a station wagon with Congressman Dan Rostenkowski of Chicago. They would take off and drive back to Chicago and Peoria and then back to Washington on a regular basis. They were buddies and didn't think twice about the fact that they were of different political parties and had different political philosophies.  That was Bob Michel.  His passing really does mark the end of an era, but every one of us currently in public service should remember the quality he brought to his career and the quality he brought to Congress. He left a great legacy--many important issues, many great things for Peoria and Central Illinois. Possibly, his greatest legacy was his chief of staff--his protege--Ray LaHood, who, to this day, embodies the great values that Bob Michel brought to public service.  I stand in tribute to my friend and my Republican neighboring Congressman who served this Nation so well for so many years.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  