President, this week, we mourn the loss of Pete Domenici, a former Senate colleague, a respected and leading voice in bipartisanship, and, most of all, a friend.  Pete had the distinction of being the longest serving Senator in New Mexico's history. He spent almost half a century as a public servant.  Most knew Pete for his outspokenness on energy and budget issues, but I remember him best for his commitment and dedication on behalf of Americans struggling with mental illness.  In 2008, two Senators--Paul Wellstone, a liberal Democrat from Minnesota, and Pete Domenici, a conservative Republican from New Mexico--came together to pass legislation that prohibited health insurance companies from treating mental health differently from physical health benefits.  The Wellstone-Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act finally set mental health and substance abuse benefits on equal footing with other health benefits, ensuring fairness in deductibles, copayments, provider networks, and lifetime limits.  Those two Senators couldn't have been more different, but they each had family members who were touched by mental illness.  Pete Domenici and Paul Wellstone asked, Why should we treat illnesses of the brain any different than a cancer, diabetes, or heart disease?  That shared bond brought them together. It is why they spent years fighting with insurance companies about the importance of mental health coverage and ultimately got a law passed.  The Wellstone-Domenici Parity Act laid the groundwork for so much of what we fought for in the Affordable Care Act: the idea that people should have access to coverage, regardless of what their medical needs are.  You see, the ACA built off this law by requiring that all individual market insurance plans cover mental health and substance abuse services as an ``essential health benefit.''  Thanks to Pete's hard work, millions of Americans no longer have to fight for mental health benefits or addiction treatment benefits, so important in the face of today's opioid crisis.  Pete taught us that mental illness is exactly that--an illness--and that those who suffer from any illness deserve equal rights and access to care.  Senator Domenici was also a strong advocate for immigration reform.  Back in 2002, he signed on as a cosponsor of the original DREAM Act, legislation that I introduced to give a path to citizenship to talented young immigrants who grew up in the country.  As the son of an Italian immigrant mother and an Italian-born father who earned citizenship after his service in WWI, Pete understood firsthand the immigrant experience.  He once said, ``I understand this whole idea of a household with a father who is American and a mother who is not, but they are living, working, and getting ahead. I understand that they are just like every other family in America. There is nothing different. They have the same love, same hope, same will and same aspirations as those of us who were born here have.''  Pete didn't just talk; he put his money where his mouth was.  In 2006, he voted for the McCain-Kennedy comprehensive immigration reform bill that included the DREAM Act.  It passed the Republican-controlled Senate on a strong bipartisan vote, but unfortunately, the Republican leadership in the House of Representatives never brought it to a vote.  Senator Domenici's work in the Senate is a great example of the good that can come from bipartisanship--of what can happen when we start working together to get something done for the American public.  It is my hope that we can carry on Pete's legacy of equal rights for all through bipartisan means.  My condolences to the Domenici family and thank you for sharing such an earnest man with us.  