 Mr. President, in my hand is one of the closely kept secrets in Washington, DC. These eight pages have been so carefully guarded that for 3 days, we have been on the floor of the U.S. Senate waiting for this moment. Within the last hour, the Republicans finally released their plan to change healthcare for every American. We have been waiting a long time.  They have been meeting behind closed doors, in secret sessions, writing what I have in my hand. You have to think to yourself, why would they do it in secret? If this is something that will affect every American, family, business, and individual and if they are proud of what they have done, why did they wait so long? Well, when you read it, you can understand it, because this measure proposed by the Republican leadership makes things worse for American families when it comes to health insurance.  It has a great name. I am sure somebody invested time thinking about this one: The Health Care Freedom Act. It appears that for 16 million Americans, they will be free of health insurance protection; 16 million Americans will lose their health insurance protection because of this Republican plan. Every other American buying health insurance will be free to pay 20 percent more each year for the premiums on their health insurance. You don't have to be a math major to figure out compound interest at 20 percent a year. By the fourth year, you are knocking on a 100-percent increase in your premiums. Your health insurance premiums will double in about 4 years under the Republican plan.  Is that why they started this debate, so they could take health insurance away from millions of Americans and raise the cost of health insurance for others? Four Senators had a press conference this evening at 5 p.m. I watched it carefully. I listened as my colleagues came to the floor and those four Senators described this plan. They had seen it, this so-called skinny repeal plan. One of the Senators said that this plan was a ``fraud,'' it was a ``disaster,'' it would have a disastrous impact on the premiums charged to people he represented in his State, and it didn't achieve the goal of reforming and repairing the Affordable Care Act. I will quickly add--because you will think, well, we expect the Democrats to say that--this was a press conference of four Republican Senators about 6 hours ago. They had read the Republican plan and called it a ``fraud,'' a ``disaster,'' raising premiums, and not really bringing reform to healthcare in America.  It will take only one of those four Senators to stand up and speak up and vote no for the right thing to happen--for this proposal to go to committee where it should have started and to be considered by the experts first, so we know its real impact, and then to have an amendment process where better ideas might be offered and debated and added to this proposal--benefits voted out of committee. Then bring it to the floor of the U.S. Senate for the same thing to happen.  Do you know who came up with the radical idea that we should go through the committee process and both parties participate in writing this reform? None other than Senator John McCain. He came to this floor a couple of days ago. It was a historic moment. Everyone--both political parties--was cheering this man whom we have served with and love and respect. And he warned us. He warned us that if we didn't do this together--Democrats and Republicans--the results would be terrible.  Can you afford terrible results when it comes to healthcare for your family, for you, for your baby? Of course, you can't. We have to do our level best not to win the political debate but to win the confidence of the American people that we understand how to make healthcare better and more responsive in America.  I have been through a lot of measures, and I have voted on a lot of things over the years. My proudest vote was for the Affordable Care Act, because I knew we would extend the reach, protection, and peace of mind of health insurance to millions of Americans.  I had an experience early in my life. I was newly married and had a brand new baby girl with a serious health issue, and I had no health insurance--none. I went to the local hospital here, waiting in the charity ward, in the hopes that the doctor who walked through that door would be the one who would save my baby's life. I thought to myself: I will never let that happen again. I will have health insurance, no matter what it takes, the rest of my life. I know the feeling, and some others do too.  I don't want American families and individuals to go through this. I want them to have the peace of mind and protection of good health insurance. That is why this Republican proposal taking health insurance away from 16 million Americans is such a travesty. That is why the notion of raising health insurance costs beyond the reach of working families is so wrong and so disgraceful, and that is why, with the help of one more Republican Senator, we can send this measure back to a committee where it can be seriously considered, worked on, improved, and passed so that we can say to the American people: We did our job as Senators. We did what John McCain challenged us to do--to come together on a bipartisan basis and to make this a better bill.  I am glad my colleagues are here this evening. I am glad to see my friend from the State of Wyoming who is here. We have worked on many issues together. We disagree on this one, but I hope that he will realize and the others will, too, that this secret that they have kept from the American people is plain wrong. It is a secret that now it has been outed. It has to be put to rest. Let's do this the right way. Let's do it for the well-being and health of America families across this Nation.  I yield the floor.  