It starts in April of 2007 in Estonia, where the Russians were disabling their Internet; in June 2008, in Lithuania, where the Russian hackers were defacing government Web pages; in August 2008, in Georgia, where the Russian hackers shut down the country's internal communications system; in January 2009, in Kyrgyzstan, as part of an effort to persuade the President there to evict a U.S. military base, the Russian hackers shut down two of the country's four Internet service providers.  April of 2009 in Kazakhstan. After Kazakh media published a statement by the country's president that criticized Russia, Russian-attributed attacks shut down the publication's Web site.  August 2009 in Georgia, there was similar activity; May 2014 in Ukraine; March 2014 in Ukraine; May 2015 in Germany; December 2015 in Ukraine; October 2015 in the Netherlands; January 2016 in Finland; December 2016 in Germany.  Of course, there was also the Russian military seizure of sovereign territory in the nation of Georgia in 2008 and their invasion of Ukraine in 2014. In fact, Russian forces and their proxies still hold captured land in Georgia and Ukraine, and from that spot in Ukraine separatists shot down a civilian airliner 2 years ago, murdering 283 innocent passengers, including 8 children.  This is our adversary. This is the man who is trying to undermine the American electoral system. We cannot take it lightly.  Twenty years ago, when I was elected to the Senate, I was a member of the Government Affairs Committee. The first hearing we had was a lengthy investigative hearing. What was the basis of it? We had just concluded a Presidential campaign, and allegations were made that the Chinese Government 20 years ago was trying to insert itself into the Presidential campaign of the United States, specifically in support of the Clinton-Gore ticket.  Fred Thompson was chairman of that committee, a pretty well-known man who has since passed, but he was a pretty outstanding lawyer in addition to being a pretty famous actor. He was my chairman. He spent months in public hearings investigating whether the Chinese tried to insert themselves in any way, shape, or form in the election of Clinton-Gore. They found virtually no evidence, other than a handful of Buddhist nuns writing checks to the campaign, which nobody ever really explained. But there was no evidence that the Chinese Government was involved in this in any specific way. We spent months on that theory in open hearings, and then published reports--conflicting reports on conclusions from that committee. We took it that seriously 20 years ago.  What are we doing about this? Well, Senator McConnell, the Republican leader, said that we will do the regular order; we will let the regular committees go about their business and figure out what might have happened in the course of that. That is not good enough. Regular order may put this investigation in the Intelligence Committee. Do you know what that means? It means you are not going to see their hearing. You are not going to be able to see their witnesses and listen to their testimony, and much of the evidence that is going to be presented will never be shared with the public.  I understand the need to protect classified material. We must do that. I insist on that. But at the same time, we need to answer some basic questions about what Russia tried to do in this last election and to make it clear to them and to the world that the United States is not going to be a sucker. We are not going to allow anyone who can hack into our systems to try to undermine the electoral system of the United States. We are proud Americans. We will handle our own elections, thank you. Keep your hackers out of business in the United States.  Recently, we have had allegations--and I underline the word ``allegations''--of other involvement of the Russians with the Trump campaign and the preparation of certain documents, which have not been collaborated as of this date. They may lead to nothing, but they certainly deserve investigation so that we know what the facts may be.  Yesterday at the Senate Judiciary Committee, I asked Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, a man who is aspiring to be Donald Trump's Attorney General, if he could recuse himself from investigations into Russian connections with the Trump campaign. He had just said earlier he was going to recuse himself from investigations involving Hillary Clinton. Senator Sessions said, ``I would review it and try to do the right thing as to whether or not it should stay within the jurisdiction of the attorney general or not.''  I hope that Senator Sessions, if he in fact becomes the Attorney General, will have some second thoughts. It is far better to consider a special counsel in the Department of Justice in light of the political circumstances of these allegations.  Secondly, we need to have a select committee--not the Intelligence Committee--of either the House or the Senate that will meet and consider this information and investigate it in a responsible way. In fact, I think it is of such gravity that we ought to consider a public-private commission--a commission of elected officials, as well as private citizens, whom we respect. I think of the names of General Colin Powell and former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor as chairs and cochairs of that effort, people of unquestionable integrity who will make the right findings for America and not for any political reasons, as far as I am concerned.  Today, I asked Michael Mukasey, former Attorney General under President George W. Bush, whether the Attorney General has the authority to shut down an FBI investigation, and he answered very simply, ``yes.'' So we need more information. We need to make sure that this is taken seriously and that we address it in a serious manner because it is a serious issue.  What, in fact, has been the response from the other side of the aisle? With a few notable exceptions, that party of Ronald Reagan, the 40th President--who really understood the old Soviet regime--has greeted this information with near silence. That is right. Except for a few voices--my colleagues Senators Graham and McCain in particular--there has been near silence.  How in the world did an attack ordered by a former Soviet KGB official on our Nation become a partisan issue that is largely ignored by a majority of one of our Nation's two great political parties? How did the Republican Party, which now controls both Chambers of Congress, decide that repealing health care insurance for millions of Americans was the most urgent, first priority to deal with amid this sweeping evidence of a Russian attack on our democracy? Ronald Reagan must be rolling in his grave.  Does anyone remember his clarity about standing up against attacks on the West and its allies when the Soviets shot down a civilian Korean airliner in 1983? This is what President Reagan said:       And make no mistake about it, this attack was not just      against ourselves or the Republic of Korea. This was the      Soviet Union against the world and the moral precepts which      guide human relations among people everywhere. It was an act      of barbarism born of a society which wantonly disregards      individual rights and the value of human life and seeks      constantly to expand and dominate other nations.  There was a time in this town when national security issues were truly bipartisan, when security meant patriotically putting aside partisan agendas. Can anyone here imagine for a second--just one second--the debate we would be having here now if the situation were reversed? The House alone spent millions of dollars on countless and ultimately fruitless investigations into the tragic events of Benghazi. Here we are, with overwhelming evidence of an actual attack on our Nation, and the majority party is largely silent. That is incredible. It is quite simply an abdication of political responsibility not to address a verified national security threat to our Nation.  With the release of Friday's report, I urge my colleagues to read both the public and classified reports. The classified version contains the same damning and sweeping conclusions I mentioned here today from the public document, but it goes into detail. As such, I urge this body to come up with an appropriate response to this attack. I have joined in bipartisan Russian sanctions legislation with Senators Cardin, McCain, Menendez, Graham, Shaheen Rubio, Klobuchar, Sasse, and Portman. We urge that we quickly advance as an urgent priority Russian sanctions to make it clear that what they have done is reprehensible, unacceptable, and will not be tolerated.  This Congress can also do what many tried to do in the past and failed--which is certainly timely--and that is pass meaningful cyber security legislation.  We have to maintain our strong NATO Alliance, stand firm against Russian meddling or attacks, and tell our friends in the Baltics and Poland, in particular, that we stand by their side, that nothing has changed, and that our friends in Ukraine can trust that we will be with them as they establish democratic sovereignty. We must work with the new administration to fully accept and counter thisRussian threat. We must work to undermine any such future attacks at home and against our allies. We should get to the bottom of the extremely troubling allegations that have been made recently.  Yes, ultimately we must work with Russia where those efforts serve our global interests--and I think there will be some common areas--but we must not do so from a position of weakness. We will never be taken seriously by Putin or our adversaries otherwise.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  