President.  History was made on the floor of the Senate Chamber today. I don't think ithas ever happened before. Think about this: 50 out of 100 Senators came to the floor with the Vice President of the United States and voted to begin debate on a bill they have never seen--a bill they have never seen--because we don't know what the Republicans are going to offer as the alternative to the Affordable Care Act.  There have been a lot of different versions. Technically, the one that is before us now is the version that passed the House of Representatives, but I think the Republican leader, Senator McConnell, has known from the beginning that has no chance whatsoever. So many Republicans have taken a look at what the House passed and said: We can't vote for that. You have to give us something different. The problem the Senate Republicans ran into is that they couldn't come up with anything better.  They tried. They wrote several different versions, and every time they would write a version of the new Affordable Care Act, it got worse for the American people, and here is what I mean. Under one proposal for the Republicans--not the one before us, but the Senate Republicans--1 million people in my home State of Illinois would have lost their health insurance. There are 12.5 million people in Illinois, and 1 million would have lost their health insurance because of dramatic cutbacks in Medicaid and cutbacks in the premium support that is given to a lot of working families to buy regular health insurance in the health insurance market.  It was so terrible that every time Republicans came up with a Senate proposal, two or two of them would announce: Can't buy it, won't vote for it--and ran away from it.  So Senator McConnell came to the floor today and said: I am begging you, just vote to open debate on a bill that I haven't written yet, and 50 Republican Senators did, and the Vice President broke the tie, the 50-to-50 tie to move forward, and here we are.  Let me start by tossing flowers--and this will probably get them in trouble--to two Republican Senators, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska. They were the only two Republican Senators who had the courage to stand up and say: This is wrong. We shouldn't do this to the American people. They are the only two who are willing to say that we should have done this differently.  There is an interesting thing that happened at the end of this. At the very last moment, the very last vote that was cast was cast by Senator John McCain. Everybody knows John has been diagnosed with a serious form of cancer. He made it back from Arizona here to cast his vote, and he asked for 15 minutes after the rollcall to make a speech. I don't think many, if any, Senators left the Chamber. Democrats and Republicans stuck around to hear his speech after the vote. Can I tell you that is unusual in the Senate? Most of us race for the doors and go up to our offices and watch on television and may catch a piece of this speech and a piece of the other speech, but we sat and listened because of our respect for John McCain.  He is my friend. We came from the House of Representatives together many years ago. I served with him in the Senate when we put together a bipartisan group to rewrite the immigration laws for America--four Democrats, four Republicans. I sat across the table with John for months. We went back and forth through all the provisions on immigration. John even conceded today that he has an interesting temper. There were days when John McCain was Mount Vesuvius, just exploding in every direction, and you had to step back. And there were days when he smothered you with kindness. That is the way he is. We love him for it.  He came today to give a speech that every American should read if you want to understand how a Democratic Senator can stand on the floor and give compliments and praise to a Republican Senator, which I am about to do. Senator McCain said that we have to do something about this country of ours--the political divisions. I will not get the words perfectly, but he said to us: Will you please start ignoring these radio and TV and internet talking heads who want us to fail and make a living by laughing at us? Will you ignore those people? Instead, look to what this institution, the U.S. Senate, is all about and what we should be doing to solve the problems for the people we represent.  John McCain went on to say: Why don't we have debates on the floor of the Senate anymore?  Do you know what? He is right. We are 7 months into this year's Senate session. We have not had one bill on the floor of the Senate that we have debated and amended--not one. This is a first, and it is in this kind of convoluted reconciliation process where you speed up the amendments.  Think about this. We are amending your healthcare policy that affects you and your family. We are amending how you will buy health insurance as an individual and how your company will buy health insurance for you. We are amending, basically, whether your insurance policy is going to protect your family or not. Listen to how it works.  People propose an amendment, and then we debate it. Do you know how long we debate it? We debate it for 1 minute on both sides. Disgraceful. John McCain called us on it today and asked: Why have we reached this point when an issue this important is going through a process that is totally partisan?  You see, the Republicans decided early on that they were not going to invite us to the party; that they were going to write this healthcare bill by themselves, in secret. Senator McConnell picked 13 Republican Senators, and they sat for I don't know how long--months, weeks--and wrote a bill. One of them I mentioned earlier was ultimately rejected by the Republicans themselves. John McCain challenged us and said: For goodness' sake. He has been in the Senate--and I have too--during a time when it was much different. He really begged us, pleaded, and urged us to get back to that time when we worked together on a bipartisan basis to solve problems. John McCain was right. I did not agree with his vote to put us in this position we are in at this moment, but I was encouraged by the way he closed. He turned to Senator McConnell, who was sitting right there, and said to him: Do not count on my vote on final passage. I want to see what we do in this bill. I want to see how we debate this bill.  One Republican Senator like John McCain can make the difference as to whether this process stops and a real bipartisan process starts. Isn't that what the American people expect of us?  Seated in the Chair, the Presiding Officer, is a brandnew Senator from the State of Alabama.  Welcome, Senator Strange.  He comes here because Senator Sessions went on to become the Attorney General. He has seen the Senate for a couple of months or 3 months, maybe--5 months now--and I am sure he has his impressions of this body. They may be different than what he thought about it before he was elected. Yet I can tell him for sure that this is a much different Senate than the one Patty Murray was elected to, that it is much different than the one I was elected to. Even for Mike Enzi, my friend from Wyoming, it is much different than the one he saw.  I see my colleague here, Senator Schatz, from Hawaii.  How long have you been here now, Brian?  