President, it has now been almost 5 months since our intelligence community first detailed how Russia launched a cyber act of war on America and our last Presidential election--5 months. In those 5 months, how many times have my Republican colleagues come to the floor of the Senate to discuss this national security threat, this cyber attack by Russia? How many times has the party of Ronald Reagan--who so clearly understood the threat of the Soviet Union--spoken on the Senate floor about this Russian cyber attack on America? Zero. That is right--zero. They have found more than 35 occasions to talk about stripping health care from millions of Americans, and they made time to urgently rush votes dismantling environmental and anticorruption regulation, but to talk about how a former KGB official launched a cyber act of war against America aimed at eroding trust in our historic democracy and electing the candidate seen as more sympathetic to Russia--zero. Not once.  Why would Russian dictator Vladimir Putin favor President Trump in the last election? Well, I just returned from a week visiting our allies in Eastern Europe. I can tell you, they are puzzled by this, too, and they are worried. They are worried that Donald Trump, the new President, is already advancing and will further advance policies sympathetic to Vladimir Putin's dangerous agenda, specifically weakening the Western transatlantic democratic alliance.  Regardless of the partisan leanings of who was in government in the nationsI just visited--populist, social democrat, conservative, liberal--the concerns in each of these nations of Poland, Lithuania, and Ukraine were the same. Is the United States' history of championing democracy and collective security in Europe ending? Are we backing away from those values and commitments just as Russia is more aggressively challenging them? Is the American President really using phrases like ``enemy of the people'' to describe the free press in America?  You see, the countries that I visited were once in the Eastern bloc, Warsaw Pact, or Soviet Union. They are familiar with that term, ``enemy of the people.'' That was a term used by Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin that was so ominous that the Soviet Premier, Nikita Khrushchev, later demanded that the Communist Party stop using it because it eliminated the possibility of any kind of ideological fight.  Think of that. Here was Khrushchev saying: Stop using the Stalin term ``enemy of the people''; it is too divisive. Now it is being used to describe the media, a description that has been offered by the new President of the United States. Are the Trump administration's bizarre blinders to Vladimir Putin's aggression and true nature--and the silence of too many of his colleagues on this danger--a harbinger of some kind of Western retreat when it comes to Russian aggression?  It is hard to believe this is happening in 2017. President Trump has called NATO obsolete. That is a stark and completely wrong statement, so bad that it required the Vice President of the United States to travel to Munich, Germany, last week and reassure our allies who have been part of our alliance since World War II that NATO was not obsolete.  When has it happened in history that the President of the United States would make such a sweeping, erroneous, dangerous statement about the most important alliance in the world and then send his Vice President out on a repair job? The President has surrounded himself with people like Steve Bannon, who reportedly once called himself a Leninist and seems bizarrely sympathetic to Putin's dictatorial model and weakening the European alliance.  It turns out that the just-resigned National Security Advisor, LTG Michael Flynn, the one who was fired by the previous administration, the one who led chants unworthy of a great democracy about locking up Hillary Clinton, was, in fact, speaking to Russian officials before he or Donald Trump had taken office and, suspiciously, just after President Obama imposed sanctions on Russia for its attack on our election.  President Trump still refuses to release his tax returns to clarify what his son said in 2008 regarding Trump's businesses seeing ``a lot of money pouring in from Russia.'' President Trump even said yesterday: ``I haven't called Russia in 10 years.'' That is hard to verify. He spoke to Vladimir Putin on the telephone just a month ago, which was followed, incidentally, a day later by renewed fighting by the Russian-backed separatists in Ukraine.  President Trump visited Russia in 2013. He tweeted at the time: ``I just got back from Russia--learned lots & lots.''  Clearly, he did not learn enough about Vladimir Putin. As if that were not enough, this President still refuses to acknowledge Russia's attack or to criticize Vladimir Putin. You see, the President of the United States has trouble, a real habit of lashing out at everyone and anyone involved in a perceived slight, a dangerous and unbecoming behavior when granted the privilege to be President of this great Nation.  In fact, the vast number and range of those attacked or insulted via Twitter is so significant that I need considerably more time here on the floor of the Senate to list all of the targets of President Trump's attacks on Twitter. So if you make any criticism or joke about President Trump, make any perceived slight, run a department store, lead a labor union, do just about anything, you may be a victim of one of his Twitter attacks, except, of course, if you happen to be a former Communist KGB official who now leads Russia, a nation that recently attacked our election.  How is it possible? How is it sensible? How is this not an abdication of the President's responsibilities? Russian President Putin launched a cyber attack and war on the United States and its democracy. November 8, 2016, is a day that will live in cyber infamy because of this Russian attack on the United States of America.  President Putin interfered in our election and tried to influence the selection of the American people in choosing their leader. The evidence is overwhelming. It has been available in increasing amounts for almost 5 months. The White House is silent, in denial.  Republican Senators are largely silent, and not one of them has come to the Senate floor to even address this issue. Meanwhile, Vladimir Putin continues his aggressive military cyber disinformation campaign throughout Europe.  Just last week, the Washington Post reported that the White House led an effort to discredit news stories that described contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian Government officials. The House Intelligence Committee chairman, Congressman Nunes of California, a Republican, went so far as to dismiss these claims of Russian interference in the campaign for the President of the United States and to condemn the leaks that have brought this information to the attention of the American people. Rather than doing their part to ensure an impartial, independent investigation of these chilling facts, the White House has tried to spin it out of existence. In fact, yesterday, it was reported that the White House Press Secretary asked CIA Director Michael Pompeo and the chairmen of the Senate and House Intelligence Committees to help discredit news articles about the Trump campaign aides' contacts with Russian officials.  John Brennan, who was head of the Central Intelligence Agency under President Obama, was asked in an interview last night if he could imagine being contacted by the White House and asked to spin a story one way or the other. He said it was unthinkable. It just wasn't done under previous administrations. Here we are, not even 6 weeks into this Presidency, and it is already happening.  Can anyone here--anyone--imagine what would happen if the situation had been reversed? I can just imagine the howls of ``treason'' and ``impeachment.'' Not a single nominee would be confirmed until there were answers and accountability if this had happened and there was an effort by the Russians to influence an election in favor of the Democrats.  What has happened to my friends on the other side of the aisle? When will they put the country that they are sworn to represent and to uphold above any partisan consideration? A Polish expert who I ran into during my journey summed all this up wisely when he said: If the United States does not respond to the Russian attack on its own election, Putin will feel he has a free hand to keep taking destabilizing actions in the West.  There was a time in Washington when national security issues were bipartisan. Politics used to stop at the water's edge. The security of the Nation meant putting aside partisan agendas to face a common threat. It is time to return to that tradition. We need an independent, transparent investigation of this Russian involvement in our Presidential election.  We know the voters list in my home State of Illinois was hacked. We know that some 17 different intelligence agencies have told us unequivocally that Russia did everything in its power to try to change the outcome of this last election. We are told that there could have been up to 1,000 Russian trolls sitting in headquarters in Moscow, trying to hack into the computers of people in the United States to influence the outcome of this election.  We know that, coincidentally, some 2 hours after a very controversial, negative story came out against Donald Trump, the Russians released information that they had hacked from the campaign of Hillary Clinton.  Two hours. A coincidence? Not likely. There is a lot of information that needs to be followed up on. No conclusions can be reached until there is a thorough, independent, credible investigation. I worry about using the Intelligence Committees for this purpose.These committees and their activities are important, critical, but they are largely invisible and their deliberations are interminable. We are waiting, hoping that they will come up with information to help us spare the United States from a future attack by Russia or any other country on the sovereignty of our Nation.  I yield the floor.  