Let me repeat, an act of aggression by another country against another with which it is nominally at peace.  On Friday, America's intelligence community issued a damning, detailed assessment concluding that Russian strongman President Vladimir Putin ordered an attack on our Nation's electoral system to sow mistrust and favor one candidate over another. The evidence was sweeping, overwhelming, and troubling.  The key findings, quoted directly from the public version of this report from the intelligence agencies, said as follows:       Russian efforts to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential      election represent the most recent expression of Moscow's      longstanding desire to undermine the U.S.-led liberal      Democratic order, but these activities demonstrated a      significant escalation in directness, level of activity, and      scope of effort compared to previous operations.       We assess Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an      influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. presidential      election. Russia's goals were to undermine public faith in      the U.S. Democratic process, denigrate Secretary Clinton,      harm her electability and potential presidency. We further      assess that Putin and the Russian Government developed a      clear preference for President-elect Trump.       We also assess Putin and the Russian government aspired to      help President-elect Trump's election chances when possible      by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting      her unfavorably to him.  They go on to talk about the types of influence Moscow inspired.  I am not going to stand here and argue that if the Russian efforts had not taken place, there would have been a different outcome in the election. No one will ever know that. And when asked directly, the intelligence agencies, despite these strong statements, say there is no evidence of direct vote tampering or tampering with election equipment, thank goodness. That isn't the point.  The point is, Vladimir Putin and the Russians did what they could to influence our election. Americans should stand up and listen because what is at stake is the sovereignty of our Nation and the reliability and integrity of our election process.  What the Russians did was truly staggering and momentous--a foreign adversary intentionally manipulating America's democracy and election. I don't know if it is an act of war by classic definition. It is an attack on our Nation by any definition. It should not go unanswered.  For those who have been following Vladimir Putin's bullying actions over the last several years, this is no surprise. Instead of building a modern global economy based on the great talents of the Russian people, he and his closest neighbors have created false enemies in the West, sadly and dangerously creating a narrative that domestic Russian problems are really the result of NATO, the United States, and the West.  He has tried to discredit the West and its Democratic free market institutions. He has used manufactured enemies of Russia to rally domestic support for his tactics and leadership.  It is, ultimately, a tired narrative that when combined with domestic political repression and manipulation, helps keep Putin in power.  Let's not be fooled into thinking his actions are merely annoying. The threats are real and dangerous, and they go directly not just at the United States but many of our strongest allies.  I have a list which I ask unanimous consent be printed in the Record in detail.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       April-May 2007 Estonia: Angered by an Estonian plan to move      a Russian World War II memorial and Russian soldiers' graves,      Russia disabled Estonia's internet with a particular focus on      government offices and financial institutions.       June 2008 Lithuania: Similarly, when the Lithuanian      government banned the display of Soviet symbols, Russian      hackers defaced government web pages with hammer-and-sickles      and five-pointed stars.       August 2008 Georgia: After Georgia's pro-Western government      sent forces into a breakaway Russian-backed region, Russian      hackers shut down the country's internal communications to      coincide with a military seizure of Georgian territory.       January 2009 Kyrgyzstan: As part of an effort to persuade      the president of Kyrgyzstan to evict a U.S. military base,      Russian hackers shut down two of the country's four internet      service providers. Kyrgyzstan in turn removed the base and      received $2 billion in Russian aid.       April 2009 Kazakhstan: After Kazakh media published a      statement by the country's president that criticized Russia,      a Russian-attributed attack shut down the publication's site.       August 2009 Georgia: Russian hackers shut down Georgian      Twitter and Facebook on the first anniversary of the 2008      Russian military invasion.       May 2014 Ukraine: Three days before Ukraine's presidential      election, a Russia-based hacking group attacked and disabled      the country's election commission, including its backup      system. Ukrainian officials say the arrested hackers were      trying to rig the results in favor of the pro-Russian      candidate.       March 2014 Ukraine: As in Georgia, Russian allegedly      coordinated military and cyber attacks, disabling the      internet in Ukraine while Russian-armed proxies seized      control of Crimea.       May 2015 Germany: German investigators discovered hackers      had penetrated the computer network of the German Bundestag,      the most significant hack in German history. Security experts      said hackers were also trying to penetrate the computers of      Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Party.       December 2015 Ukraine: Hackers believed to be Russian took      control of a Ukrainian power station, locking controllers out      of their own systems and cutting 235,000 homes from power.       October 2015 Netherlands: Security experts believe Russia      tried to hack into the Dutch government's computers to remove      a report about the downed Malaysian airliner over Ukraine.      The Dutch Safety Board eventually concluded that the      passenger plane was brought down by a Russian-made missile      fired from an area held by pro-Russian rebels in eastern      Ukraine.       January 2016 Finland: A security firm announced that it      believes Russian hackers were behind attacks on Finland's      Foreign Ministry several years before.       December 2016 Germany: The head of German intelligence      warned last month, ``There is growing evidence of attempts to      influence the federal election next year,'' specifically      citing Russia as the source of the attacks, adding, ``We      expect a further increase in cyber-attacks in the run-up to      the elections.'' Experts believe Russia wanted to undermine      Chancellor Merkel who has supported sanctions against Russia      for its actions in Ukraine.  