President, I wish to say that the comments made by the Democratic leader, the Senator from New York, really touched me because they go to the heart of this institution.  It was only a few weeks ago, in a dramatic moment, when Senator John McCain returned from Arizona to come to the floor of the Senate and cast a historic vote to move forward on the debate on healthcare. He asked for 15 minutes after that vote to say a few words about his experience as a person and his observations as a Senator, and I stayed in my chair because I wanted to hear him.  John McCain came to the House of Representatives the same year I was elected. Our careers have at least been close or parallel in some respects, though I couldn't hold a candle to him in terms of his personal life experience and his experience in the military, as well as being a candidate for even higher office.  I listened carefully as he reminded us of what it takes for the Senate to work. What it takes, of course, is the determination of both political parties to solve a problem. He reminded us that means sitting down in committee, with experts, working through some of these issues, particularly the more complex issues--the give-and-take of the legislative process.  He pointed specifically to the effort to repeal ObamaCare as a failure by those standards. He used as an example the fact that ObamaCare, during the period of Republicans' efforts to repeal, was actually gaining popularity in this country--exactly the opposite of what the other party might have expected. It was an indication to him that we needed to do things better in Senate. Just a few days later, he cast a critical vote to stop what was a flawed process on the Republican side--to repeal ObamaCare without a good alternative, without a good substitute.  I remember that vote early in the morning, right here in the well of the Chamber, and I remember what followed when I saw Senator Lamar Alexander and Senator Murray behind me in front of the cloakroom in a bit of a huddle after that historic vote. I later learned that they had decided it was their turn to step up on a bipartisan basis and find a way to strengthen our healthcare system, not what we had just seen but a different way--a way that kind of relied on experts at State levels to give us advice and experts in Washington to really cull through the ideas to find the very best. 