McCAIN. No, I will not yield.  The fact is that we have now had a rash of fatal accidents in the military--10 from the USS McCain and 17 more. We now have many more accidents due to the lack of readiness, training, and maintenance than we do in combat. So what do we do? Do we stop cutting the military? No, we add $11.7 billion for medical research.  I am for medical research. I know of no one who opposes medical research, but do we take it out of defense? This is the directed spending on medical research at the Department of Defense.  You may see that in 1992 it was a small amount of money for breast cancer research. Like other government programs, it has grown and grown and grown. If you will take a look at the pink side here, you will see that what also has grown is those programs that have no relevance to the military. I want to say it one more time. No, I will say it again and again and again. If the Senator from Illinois wants this money spent for medical research, then, take it out of the right place. Don't be Willie Sutton. Take it from where it belongs, instead of taking it from the men and women in the military who are undermanned, undertrained, underequipped, and in harm's way.  So you have a choice here, my dear friends. Yes, who could be against medical research? Nobody who I know. But who could be in favor of taking money from the men and women and their training, equipment, and readiness, when every single service chief has testified before the Armed Services Committee that we are putting the lives of men and women serving in the military at greater risk? So we are going to see these billions of dollars taken out of defending the Nation and the arms, the training, and the equipment that the men and women in the military need.  Now, if the Senator from Illinois wants to fund those that are militarily relevant, I would be glad to go along with that, but see what has grown and grown and grown from 1992, when it was $25 million. Now it is billions of dollars. Let's see. Funding has increased by 4,000 percent from $25 million in 1992 to over $1 billion last year.  Spending on medical research--nearly 50 percent of which has nothing to do with the military--has grown 4,000 percent since 1992. So let's not say that we are shorting the men and women in the military when that spending has increased by 4,000 percent.  Again, I would like every one of my colleagues to listen to the leaders of our military and to the men and women who are serving. They don't have enough training. They don't have enough equipment. They are not ready, and it is being reflected in these kinds of accidents where we are killing more members of the military in training than we are in combat, and every one of the service chiefs will tell you that it is because of lack of funding for training and readiness and maintenance. This has to stop.  The NDAA this year prohibits the Secretary of Defense and the service Secretaries from funding or conducting a medical research and development project unless they certify that the project would protect, enhance, or restore the health and safety of members of the Armed Forces. Is that an outrageous requirement that we should spend tax dollars that are for defense that would actually be used for defense? Wouldn't that be outrageous?  So it requires that medical research projects are open to competition and comply with other DOD, or Department of Defense, cost accounting standards. So we are not only asking them to be responsible but to comply with other Department of Defense cost accounting standards. So why that should be unacceptable, I don't know.  So the Senator from Illinois has submitted an amendment that would strike these requirements--it would strike these requirements--to adhere to the Department of Defense cost accounting standards. Why? Why would you not want to go along with cost accounting standards?  So it is certainly not an accident that the largest spike in congressionally directed medical research funding coincides with the tenure of the Senator from Illinois as chairman and ranking member of the Appropriations Committee Defense Subcommittee, in which, I say, he has done an outstanding job. Hundreds of millions of dollars in the defense budget will be used for medical research unrelated to defense, and it was not requested by the administration.  If this amendment passes, hundreds of millions of dollars will be taken away from military servicemembers and their families. If this amendment passes, hundreds of millions of dollars will not be used to provide a full 2.1-percent pay raise for our troops. It will not be used to build up the size of our Army and Marine Corps. It will not be used to buy equipment so that our airmen don't have to steal spare parts of airplanes in the boneyard to keep the oldest, smallest, and least ready Air Force in our history in the air.  So I say to my friend and colleague from Illinois, it is not that he is wrong to support medical research. We all support medical research. It is that he has proposed the wrong amendment to support medical research. Instead of proposing to take away hundreds of millions of dollars from our military servicemembers, he should be proposing a way to begin the long overdue process of shifting nonmilitary medical research spending out of the Department of Defense and into the appropriate civilian departments and agencies of our government.  I want to emphasize again that this debate is not about the value of this medical research or whether Congress should support it. I, of all people, know the miracle of modern medicine and am grateful for all who support it, and I am sure every Senator understands the value of medical research to Americans suffering from these diseases and to the family and friends who care for them and to all those who know the pain and grief of losing a loved one. But I will repeat again that this research does not belong in the Department of Defense. It belongs in civilian departments and agencies of our government.  So I say to my colleagues that the National Defense Authorization Act focuses the Department's research efforts on medical research that will lead to lifesaving advancements in battlefield medicine and new therapies for recovery and rehabilitation of servicemembers wounded on the battlefield. This amendment would harm our national security. The amendment of the Senator from Illinois would harm our national security by reducing the funding available for militarily relevant medical research that helps protect servicemen and servicewomen on the battlefield and for military capabilities they desperately need to perform their missions. It would continue to put decision-making about medical research in the hands of lobbyists and politicians, instead of medical experts where it belongs.  I would like to repeat for at least the fifth time that I strongly support funding for medical research. I do not support funding for medical research that has nothing to do with the Department of Defense. The dollars are too scarce. You can see the way that it has gone up and up and up. So what we are trying to do is to preserve medical research where it applies to the Department of Defense and not use it for every other program, which should be funded by other agencies of government. I am very aware of the power and influence of the lobbyists who lobby for this kind of money, knowing full well that this is the easiest place to get the money.  I just hope that some of us would understand that 10 sailors just died onboard the USS John S. McCain. They died because that ship was not ready, not trained, not equipped, and not capable of doing its job because they didn't have enough funding. Let's get our priorities straight.  I yield the floor.  