Here is the difference. Eight years ago, when Barrack Obama was elected President and was to be sworn in on January 20, he brought together his team to serve in his Cabinet and said to them: The first thing you need to do is to follow the law. You need to file all the papers required of you by the ethics standards of the United States Government.  So, I am told that on January 8, almost 2 weeks before he was sworn in, their paperwork was on file. So they had complied with the law and they were awaiting their opportunity for a hearing. Contrast that with the current situation. There are still proposed Cabinet members by President Trump who have not filed their required ethics disclosures.  Why is it important? Because we believe that though we can't reach in and require the President to file his income tax returns, which he has steadfastly refused to do, we know what the standards are when it comes to many of those departments.  The standards are very demanding. There has to be a disclosure and there has to be a process of divestment. If I am about to become the head of an agency and my personal wealth includes holdings that have a direct impact on that agency, I am required by law to divest myself of those holdings. The more complicated my portfolio and net worth might be, the more challenging this is.  Penny Pritzker, a very wealthy individual from Chicago, was chosen by President Obama to be the Secretary of Commerce. It took her 6 months, I say to the Senator from Montana, to fully comply with the law so she could go through the hearing--6 months. Now we hear complaints from the Republicans: Well, why aren't the Trump nominees going through more quickly? Why aren't our billionaires put on the fast-track?  I am sorry, but Trump billionaires are subject to the same rules as all billionaires. They have to file the necessary documents. I might add, you can go back a little further in history and find disqualifications for Cabinet positions. Oh, you hired someone in yourhousehold to work for you and you did not pay their Social Security, their FICA? Sorry, you are disqualified from being in a Cabinet.  Now we have Trump nominees where that is happening--not with frequency, but it is happening--and it doesn't seem to be even close to a disqualification. So it clearly is a double standard. I would say to the Senator from Montana, the fact that the Obama nominees moved through as quickly as they did showed they took the law seriously, they made the disclosures they were required to make, and in virtually every case had unique qualifications for the job.  To put Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education next to Arne Duncan, who headed up the Chicago Public School System as Secretary of Education, is to show that contrast.  