President, I would like to take a moment to address the nomination of Congressman Ryan Zinke to lead the Department of Interior.  As Secretary of Interior, Representative Zinke will be the steward of our Nation's precious public lands, national parks, tribal lands, and historical and cultural resources. These lands not only play an important role in preserving habitat, landscapes, and history, they also create jobs and invigorate nearby communities.  During his confirmation hearing, I was excited to hear Congressman Zinke refer to himself as a Teddy Roosevelt conservationist.  We all know the important role Teddy Roosevelt played in protecting our natural resources. During his Presidency, Roosevelt established 230 million acres of public lands. In 1901, he created the U.S. Forest Service and established 150 national forests. In 1906, he signed into law the Antiquities Act, legislation that allowed either the President or Congress to set aside ``historic landmarks, historic and prehistoric structures, and other objects of historic or scientific interest'' in order to stop their destruction. With this act, he designated 18 national monuments, including several iconic areas.  A modern version of Teddy Roosevelt would be a wonderful selection to head the Department of Interior. But, after closely examining Representative Zinke's record, he doesn't appear to be a Teddy Roosevelt conservationist.  Last Congress, Representative Zinke voted in favor of an amendment to the House Interior appropriations bill that would have rolled back the authority of the President to use the Antiquities Act in seven Western States. He also supported a bill that would have effectively eliminated public review of hardrock mining activities on Federal lands. And he supported the Keystone XL pipeline.  Conservationist groups seem to have similar concerns about Congressman Zinke's record.  The League of Conservation Voters gave him a 3 percent rating for 2015 and a 5 percent rating for 2016--hardly what you would expect from a Teddy Roosevelt conservationist. This troubles me, as Representative Zinke, if confirmed, would be responsible for managing new monuments of great importance--namely, the Pullman National Monument and the Bears Ears National Monument.  The Pullman National Monument was designated by President Obama in 2015 in a Chicago neighborhood that has played a significant role in our country's African-American and labor history.  It represents the culmination of a collaborative effort by businesses, residents, and other organizations seeking to restore and preserve this unique community.  The Pullman neighborhood was originally developed a century ago by rail car magnate George Pullman as a factory town that would help shape our country as we know it today.  It was the birthplace of the Nation's first Black labor union, the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, which is credited with helping to create the African-American middle class and making crucial civil rights advancements in this county.  Pullman workers also fought for fair labor conditions in the late 19th century. During the economic depression of the 1890s, the Pullman community was the catalyst for the first industry-wide strike in the United States, which eventually led to the creation of Labor Day as a national holiday.  The Pullman National Monument not only highlights stories from communities that are rarely represented in other national parks, but its location on Chicago's South Side--easily accessible to millions of people by public transportation--also makes it particularly unique. Following its designation, the Pullman neighborhood joined the National Mall and the Statue of Liberty as one of the few DOI-managed lands in an urban area.  But Pullman now needs an Interior Secretary who is committed to dedicating resources that will ensure the monument is a driver of tourism and job creation in the community.  Public lands have certainly been a great economic driver in Utah, and the Bear Ears National Monument will no doubt build on this success.  The 1.35 million acre swath of land, declared a national monument by President Obama, covers forested mesas to redrock canyons and will protect the region's abundant cultural resources, which include well-preserved cliff dwellings, rock and art panels, artifacts, and Native American burials.  Bears Ears is special, as it is the first monument of its kind to be proposed and advocated for by a united coalition of five tribes, who sought its protection because of its important place in all of their respective cultures.  Congressman Zinke is well aware of the monument and has said his first priority as Secretary would be to go to Utah and make a recommendation regarding the status of the Bears Ears National Monument.  While this monument designation has been met with opposition from Utah politicians, the attacks on the Bears Ears Monument do not reflect the views of all Utahans.  Recently, Utah's paper of record, the Salt Lake Tribune, called the political fervor a ``blindness.''  ``That blindness can be sourced to Utah's one-party political system that has given us leaders who are out of touch with their constituents.'' It continues, ``The Bears Ears monument may be with us forever, and there is no bucket of gold waiting if it does go away. The presidential proclamation bent far toward the same boundaries and shared management [Utah Rep. Rob] Bishop pursued with his Public Lands Initiative.''  Sadly, attacks on monument designations are nothing new.  One of our greatest conservation Presidents, Teddy Roosevelt, faced a great deal of opposition to his designation of a national monument you may be familiar with, the Grand Canyon. Most Americans can't imagine an America without the iconic Grand Canyon, a true national treasure.  But, at the time of its 1908 designation, groups were opposed to protecting this area. For years after its designation, oil and gas miners fought against additional protections for the Grand Canyon. In the end, conservationists won out, and by 1919, the Grand Canyon was made into a national park to be protected for future generations.  Roosevelt said, ``It is also vandalism wantonly to destroy or to permit the destruction of what is beautiful in nature, whether it be a cliff, a forest, or a species of mammal or bird. Here in the United States we turn our rivers and streams into sewers and dumping-grounds, we pollute the air, we destroy forests, and exterminate fishes, birds and mammals--not to speak of vulgarizing charming landscapes with hideous advertisements. But at last it looks as if our people were awakening''  Since Roosevelt's time, we have made a lot of progress in protecting our lands and waters, but still have a long way to go. That is why the next Interior Secretary needs to take a step forward in protecting more of our public lands, not backwards.  Therefore, I have no choice but to oppose Congressman Zinke.  