I had never heard of it before. I looked it up. There was a committee that sounds just like this. It is hard to keep track of them. The largest donor by far in terms of money was Sheldon Adelson, a man out of Las Vegas who has become rather celebrated, if not notorious, for putting millions of dollars into those political efforts on behalf of candidates from the right--some say from the extreme right.  I would also ask the Senator from Oregon if, during the course of his review of Judge Gorsuch's record, he came across the TransAm Trucking case, which was really explored at length in the Senate Judiciary Committee. Many of us felt this was such a clear definition of the values of Neil Gorsuch, who tends to rule on the side of big business and corporate elites over and over again.  The case involved a truck driver who was driving near Chicago on Interstate 88 in January a few years ago during a bitterly cold period of time. He had trouble with his trailer. He pulled it off to the side of the road and realized the brakes on the trailer were frozen. So he got on his cell phone and he called his dispatcher, and his dispatcher said: Whatever you do, stay with that truck and trailer. The repairman is on the way.  So he waited a while. No one showed up. He fell asleep. By the time he woke up to a phone call from a member of his family, his legs were numb and he was having trouble breathing. It turned out there was no heater in the cab of the truck. So there he was, facing hypothermia and freezing in his truck. Again, the dispatcher told him: Stay there. Don't leave the truck.  He decided that the idea of dragging this trailer down the interstate was dangerous and the idea of staying in this truck could threaten his own life, so he made what I consider to be a reasonable decision: He unhitched the trailer, took the truck to the gas station, filled it with gas, warmed up, and came back to the trailer. For that conduct, he was fired by TransAm Trucking. Because he was fired, he was blackballed from ever driving another truck.  This man, whom I happened to meet in my office a few weeks ago, Alphonse Maddin, then did not know which way to turn. He couldn't make a living. He was a hard-working fellow out of Detroit.  Somebody said: You can go to the Department of Labor, and you can file a complaint for unfair dismissal.  I see the Senator has a photograph of Mr. Maddin there.  He told me he went to the Department of Labor. They handed him the form. With a ballpoint pen, he filled it in as to what happened to him, protesting this dismissal and firing. He said he was shocked a few months later to get a letter in the mail that said: You win. You are right. They shouldn't have fired you.  Well, he thought that was a pretty good thing and that he would get some backpay out of it. But then the appeals started, and it went in the Federal court system. By the time it got to the Tenth Circuit, where Judge Neil Gorsuch sat, seven different court judges and administrative judges had considered the case of Alphonse Maddin as to whether it was fair to fire him under these circumstances. Only one judge out of the seven said it was the right thing to do--Neil Gorsuch, the man who aspires to be on the Supreme Court.  One of my colleagues--and I think it was Senator Franken--said to Judge Gorsuch: What would you have done if you were sitting in that truck? What would you have done if you faced freezing to death or dragging a disabled trailer out on a busy interstate, endangering the lives of others?  Judge Gorsuch replied: I never really thought about it.  He never really thought about it. To me, that really gets to the heart of what we are talking about here. He thought about it enough to rule against that truck driver who faced that terrible choice in his life, but he did not think for a moment what a reasonable, ordinary man would do under the circumstances. He reduced the situation to the absurd and decided to rule for the trucking company, for the corporation.  When you consider that this Roberts Supreme Court has ruled on the corporate side, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce side, 69 percent of the time, it is pretty clear why they have this fond feeling for Neil Gorsuch as the next Supreme Court Justice.  Does the Senator from Oregon see the linkage here between what the Republicans are looking for in a Supreme Court nominee and what they would find in this TransAm Trucking decision?  