President, let me say at the outset that I am glad I was here for the statement made by the Senator from South Carolina. We disagree on many things. We agree on things as well. I respect him very much and turn to him often to find bipartisan support when, frankly, no one else will answer the phone. He has been a great friend and ally and has been very blunt with me when we disagree. We do disagree today, and I do it respectfully because Senator Graham is a person I do, in fact, respect as a Senate colleague.  He is right about one thing: You would expect a new President to pick someone to be an Attorney General whom they know and trust. It might have even been someone from the campaign trail.  A classic example is 1960, when President John Kennedy was elected and chose his brother Robert Kennedy, who had worked on his campaign, to serve as Attorney General of the United States. You can't think of a clearer analogy to what has been described today. But the point that was made earlier by Senator Feinstein about the relationship of Senator Sessions with Candidate Trump is one that goes beyond familiarity, beyond support in a political campaign. In fact, they did work together, and they do agree on some fundamental issues.  If the press can be trusted--and the White House is the first to tell us they can't--but if the press can be trusted,in a Washington Post article of January 31, 2017, we see a very clear working relationship that extends beyond the would-be Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the new President Donald Trump but includes a former key staffer for Senator Sessions, Steve Miller, and a man named Steve Bannon, who is with Breitbart News and is now a political inspiration to the Trump White House. It appears that they have a very close working relationship among them. That in and of itself is not troubling, except when you look at the issues they have worked on closely together--the issue of immigration, the Executive orders, of which the Post said Senator Sessions was the ``intellectual godfather.'' That is a clear example pointed out by this article, and that is one of the reasons it was raised by Senator Feinstein.  I understand what Senator Graham has to say: that Senator Sessions has been nothing more than a Senator loyal to his home State of Alabama in his politics and in his views on issues. I do acknowledge that and can tell you that, over 20 years, I have heard Senator Sessions's speeches repeatedly, and he does take those positions. But the thing that troubles me is the question about whether the values of the Senator from Alabama are the values we want in the Attorney General of the United States. To be very blunt, in some cases, they are not, as far as I am concerned.  I understand that President Trump won the election, but that doesn't mean, when it comes to advice and consent, that every Member of the Senate has to bow and step back a few steps for every nominee proposed by this new President. We have a responsibility to ask what is right for America, what is right in terms of values and judgments that we bring to this job, as well.  It is not a happy moment for me to say this, but I do stand in opposition to the nomination of Jeff Sessions to serve as Attorney General of the United States. The reason I don't view this as a happy moment is I have known him for 20 years. We have worked in the Senate, in committees, and on the floor. I know him personally. I met his family. And to say that I don't support him for this elevation to Attorney General is something that is hard to say, but I know that I have to. This is not a decision I have come to lightly. Senator Sessions is a colleague of over 20 years. But the question we now face is whether he is the right person to be the No. 1 law enforcement official in the United States of America.  He comes to this new opportunity in a sharply divided nation. We have a controversial new President who already has seen an Executive order blocked by the courts in what appears to be record time. Think about that for a moment. Donald Trump has been President of the United States for 19 days. In those 19 days, he has issued an Executive order stopped by the Federal courts of the land from implementation and he has dismissed an Attorney General. No other new President, in 19 days, can point to that happening. It is an indication of the types of policies he is promoting. It is also an indication that in the future, he is likely to again test the separation of powers in this government.  In this context, the need for an independent Attorney General has never been greater. We need an Attorney General who will not just serve as the President's lawyer or cheerleader but who will defend the constitutional rights of everyone, including protecting those rights from an overreaching President, if necessary. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I have carefully considered this nomination, and I am not persuaded that Senator Sessions will serve that level of independence.  Also, I have strong concerns that. if he is confirmed, he won't adequately pursue the cause of justice on a range of important issues. In his nomination hearing, Senator Sessions said on issue after issue that he would simply follow the law, enforce the law, but that doesn't come close to capturing the real role of the Attorney General. The Attorney General, as chief prosecutor in America, doesn't just ``follow the law''; that person uses his discretion to determine how the law is enforced and whom it is enforced against. Ignoring that is to ignore one of the key elements of service as Attorney General.  As Acting Attorney General Sally Yates reminded us, the Attorney General has a critical role at times in even standing up to the President. The American Bar Association standards say that the duty of the prosecutor is to seek justice, not merely to convict. I don't have confidence, based on the answers he has given me, that Senator Sessions would follow that standard.  Here is one example. At the hearing, I introduced Senator Sessions to Alton Mills of Chicago, who in his youth was a street-level courier for drug dealers. He was sentenced to life without parole and prison at age 24--life without parole at age 24 under the Federal three strikes and you are out law. He was sentenced on a nonviolent drug offense--no guns, no violence. He sold drugs a third time and got a life sentence.  Even the judge imposing the sentence did not agree with it, but he said the law said what he had to follow and his hands were tied. Alton Mills needed to pay for his mistakes, but he did not need to spend the rest of his life in prison. In December 2015, President Obama commuted Alton's sentence, after he had served 22 years in prison.  Under the Obama administration, Justice Department prosecutors were directed to search out low-level offenders like Alton Mills and use the discretion of the Department of Justice and make sure that they were given a second chance. Senator Sessions has said that he strongly opposes these guidelines.  When it came to clemency, Senator Sessions fiercely criticized President Obama, saying he commuted sentences in ``an unprecedented reckless manner.'' Senator Sessions also said: ``So-called low-level non-violent offenders simply do not exist in the Federal system.''  When it came to changing the law that led to Alton Mills sentence, Senator Sessions led the opposition. I appreciate the work we did together on the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010. But every time I have returned to Senator Sessions and asked him to work with me for the thousands still stuck in Federal prison for nonviolent drug offenses under the old sentencing disparities which we have now rejected, he refused, time and again. He has opposed every bipartisan effort, including a bill that I put together with Senator Grassley, Senator Cornyn, and others to allow individuals to petition on an individual basis for sentence reductions.  So to sum it up, Senator Sessions has staunchly opposed using prosecutorial discretion, clemency, or legislation to address the plight of thousands of people like Alton Mills. What can we expect of Attorney General Jeff Sessions in the next 4 years when it comes to criminal justice and criminal sentencing reform? I am afraid we can't expect a caring person to take a look at the simple injustice in our system.  I have listened. time and again, as many other colleagues have, to the statements made by Senator Sessions on the issue of immigration. I have said before on this floor--and I will say it again--that I am the proud son of an immigrant. For generations. America has been renewed and enriched through immigration. Since World War II, we have set an example to the world when it comes to providing a safe haven for refugees.  We have four Hispanic Senators in this Chamber. Three of them are Cuban Americans. What can we say about the Cuban refugees who came to the United States by the hundreds of thousands to flee the oppression of Castro? They were not subjected to extreme vetting. In most cases, we said: If you can find freedom in this country you are welcome. They have made America a better nation for it.  Since World War II, that has been America's standard. Now it is being challenged. It is hard to understand how the Trump administration could consider spending so much on a Mexican wall that Texas Republican Congressman Will Hurd, whose district covers 800 miles of the southwest border, described as ``the most expensive and least effective way to secure the border.''  I have come to this floor and voted for more money for walls and obstacles and technology on that border than I ever imagined necessary, in the hopes that we could finally put to rest this notion that we could always do more. I wonder what image it creates of thiscountry, as we continue to talk about walls and banning travel.  President Trump signed an Executive order on January 27 banning immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, and banning refugees from those countries into the United States. As I go through the list of the people who were affected by this, overwhelmingly they are women and children, victims of war, terrorism, and persecution. Many of them have been waiting literally for years to come to the United States. Since World War II, we have accepted so many refugees from Eastern Europe, from Vietnam, from Cuba, as I mentioned earlier, and from Yugoslavia. Over 100,000 Soviet Jews make their home in the United States because we accepted them as refugees.  Now President Trump has issued this Executive order that is being challenged in court, and we will know within a matter of days whether it will be stayed or continued, contested or if it will stand as law. Acting Attorney General Sally Yates said that she could not stand to defend that order. She felt it was illegal and unconstitutional.  The question, obviously, is what would the new Attorney General, if it is Jeff Sessions do, when faced with that same challenge? My fear is that he would not stand in independent judgment of the actions of the President. That to me is unfortunate and falls short of what we expect from the Attorney General.  We need someone like Edward Levi, the longtime president of the University of Chicago, who served as a truly nonpartisan Attorney General under President Ford. He restored honor and integrity to the Justice Department after Watergate. Where would Senator Sessions stand once confirmed? Would he defend the President's Executive orders? Would he stand up to the President if he disagreed with him? I have strong concerns.  Mr. President, one of the most important issues when it comes to the Attorney General is the oversight of the Civil Rights Division, which is, in fact, the crown jewel of the Justice Department, as far as I am concerned. It is responsible for protecting the civil rights of all Americans.  Senator Cory Booker and Congressmen John Lewis and Cedric Richmond gave powerful testimony at Senator Sessions' hearing. They discussed their concerns about the Justice Department under his leadership and whether it would protect the civil and voting rights of all Americans. I took their words to heart. I want to talk specifically about their concerns about the Voting Rights Act.  One month from now, we will recognize the 52nd anniversary of what came to be known as Bloody Sunday--March 7, 1965. John Lewis and Rev. Hosea Williams led 600 brave civil rights activists in a march over the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, AL. The marchers were brutally beaten as State troopers turned them back and chased them down. John Lewis was beaten unconscious and nearly killed.  A few months after Bloody Sunday, President Lyndon Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act into law, guaranteeing that the right to vote would not be restricted through clever schemes like poll taxes and literacy tests devised to keep African Americans from voting.  In 2006, Congress voted to reauthorize that same act after holding 21 hearings, hearing testimony from more than 90 witnesses, and receiving 15,000 pages of evidence.  Congressman Lewis said in an op-ed about the ongoing need for that act:       Congress came to a near-unanimous conclusion: While some      change has occurred, the places with a legacy of long-     standing, entrenched and state-sponsored voting      discrimination still have the most persistent, flagrant,      contemporary records of discrimination in this country. While      the 16 jurisdictions affected by Section 5 represent only 25      percent of the nation's population, they still represent more      than 80 percent of the lawsuits proving cases of voting      discrimination.  While Senator Sessions ultimately voted to reauthorize the Voting Rights Act, his comments about the law have been very troubling.  In contrast to Congressman Lewis's statement about the need for a strong Voting Rights Act, Senator Sessions repeatedly criticized the law's section 5 preclearance provision, which required certain jurisdictions--including, but not limited to, Alabama--to ``preclear'' any changes to their voting laws with the Department of Justice. At his nomination hearing last month, Senator Sessions reiterated his view that section 5 of the law, in his words, was ``intrusive.''  He also celebrated the Supreme Court's decision in Shelby County v. Holder when a divided Court--5 to 4--gutted the Voting Rights Act and struck down the preclearance provision. That decision left the Department of Justice with fewer tools to protect Americans' right to vote. Nonetheless, on the day of that awful decision, Senator Sessions stated: ``[The decision was] good news, I think, for the South, in that [there was] not sufficient evidence to justify treating them disproportionately.'' Senator Sessions was wrong to dismiss the vital role that preclearance has played in protecting voters from discriminatory laws.  When Senator Sessions came to my office for a personal meeting before this hearing began, I sat down with him and talked about the Voting Rights Act. I gave to him a book written by Carol Anderson. She is a political science professor at Emory University in the State of Georgia. The book is entitled ``White Rage.'' Carol Anderson systematically goes through the history of race in America after the Civil War, and she points out in each section how Congress would, on one hand, give rights to African Americans and then turn around and take them away. The most recent example relates to the Voting Rights Act itself and all the efforts of the 1960s to guarantee that minorities had the right to vote in America. She follows it with the undeniable record of efforts toward voter suppression when it comes to minorities in the United States.  I pointed this out to Senator Sessions because he has been in denial over this reality. I told him about hearings that we held in Ohio, in Florida, taking election officials, putting them under oath--officials from both political parties--and asking them point blank: Before you established the need for these voting restrictions in your State, what was the incidence of widespread voter fraud that led you to believe it was necessary? And the answer repeatedly was, there was none. No incidents of widespread voter fraud to speak of. No incidents of anything substantial when it came to prosecution. Clearly the motive behind these voter suppression laws are just that--to suppress voters from their opportunity to vote.  What can we expect of Attorney General Sessions on this issue? I am afraid, based on his statements, his record, his voting, we can expect the worst.  Example: A three-judge Federal appeals court struck down a North Carolina law that required voter ID and limited early voting. The court found that the law was crafted and passed with ``racially discriminatory intent,'' in violation of the Constitution and section 2 of the Voting Rights Act. In the decision, this Federal court noted this regarding the North Carolina statute:       Before enacting [the] law, the legislature requested data      on the use, by race, of a number of voting practices. Upon      receipt of the race data, the General Assembly enacted      legislation that restricted voting and registration in five      different ways, all of which disproportionately affected      African Americans.  We are still facing this challenge in America. I wish it were not the case. I had hoped at this point in my life that I would be pointing to our problems with race as something from the past, but it is a current challenge we face, and it is a challenge the Attorney General must face squarely. I do not believe that Attorney General Jeff Sessions will do that, and that is why I can't support him for that position.  Of course there is also Senator Sessions' decision as U.S. attorney to bring the 1985 Perry County case when he was in Alabama. He prosecuted three African-American civil rights activists for voter fraud. All three were acquitted. That case prompted former Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick, who was an attorney for the defendants, to send a letter to members of our committee saying, ``To use prosecutorial discretion to attempt to criminalize voter assistance is wrong and should be disqualifying for any aspirant to the Nation's highest law enforcement post.''  Senator Sessions' statements and his records are particularly concerning inlight of President Trump's recent repeated, baseless claims about voter fraud in the 2016 Presidential election. Make no mistake--President Trump's false claim that there were millions of fraudulent votes cast in the last election is an excuse for further voter suppression efforts.  It is imperative that the Department of Justice be led by someone who values the vital role the Department plays in protecting the right to vote. Given Senator Sessions' dismissive comments about the Voting Rights Act and his history of supporting burdensome voting laws, I am not confident he is prepared to do that.  Senator Sessions' record on religious freedom also raises significant questions. The free exercise of religion is enshrined in the First Amendment of the Constitution. However, Senator Sessions has only been outspoken in his defense of religious freedom for some faiths. For example, he denounced a 1997 court order that limited prayer in Alabama public schools, calling it ``one more example of the effort by the courts to eliminate the natural expression of religious belief from public life.''  A year later, he introduced a Senate resolution ``affirming the right to display the Ten Commandments in public places, including government offices and courthouses.'' He said ``[w]e've got to end the hostility toward the display of the Ten Commandments in public places.''  But he has been much more ambivalent about Islam. He has referred to Islam as ``a toxic ideology'' and said of American Muslims ``our nation has an unprecedented assimilation problem.'' When President Trump first proposed his ban on Muslim immigrants during the 2016 campaign, Senator Sessions said, ``I think it's appropriate to begin to discuss this, and he has forced that discussion.''  I am also concerned about Senator Sessions' support of laws and cases that permit individuals and companies to discriminate against other Americans on the basis of religious beliefs. For example, in 2015, the Supreme Court held that marriage equality is the law of the land in the landmark Obergefell v. Hodges decision. Sessions referred to the decision as an:     effort to secularize, by force and intimidation, a society      that would not exist but for the faith which inspired people      to sail across unknown waters and trek across unknown      frontiers.  After disparaging the decision, Senator Sessions went on to cosponsor the First Amendment Defense Act, which would permit widespread discrimination against LGBTQ individuals on the basis of religious beliefs.  Senator Sessions also praised the Supreme Court's troubling 5-4 decision in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby, which held that the Religious Freedom Restoration Act permits closely held, for-profit corporations to deny contraceptive coverage to employees due to religious objections.  If confirmed to be the next Attorney General, Senator Sessions will be responsible for protecting the rights of all Americans, regardless of their faith or beliefs. That is why I am deeply concerned about Senator Sessions' record, which suggests that he may prioritize the freedom of certain faiths over others, and permit religious freedom to be used as a guise for discrimination.  The Attorney General also has great power to determine how the Department of Justice's resources will be prioritized. I am alarmed that Senator Sessions will not commit to support funding for important programs like COPS and Byrne-JAG. And I am deeply disappointed that he will not commit to increase Justice Department resources for Chicago to address the city's surge in gun violence.  I asked Senator Sessions about this when we met in person before his hearing and again as part of my written hearing questions. It is well known that there's been an epidemic of gun violence facing the City of Chicago. There were more than 760 homicides in Chicago last year, a 58 percent increase over the previous year. More than 4,300 people were shot last year in the city. It is a crisis.  At our meeting, I handed Senator Sessions a copy of Mayor Emanuel's plan to improve public safety. The plan calls for hiring nearly a thousand more Chicago police; more training and equipment, like body-worn cameras and gunshot detection technology; more mentoring programs for youth; and reforms to rebuild trust and cooperation between police and the community.  All of these are areas where the Justice Department can, and must, help. The Justice Department's COPS program helps local police departments put more cops on the beat. The Byrne-JAG program helps them buy equipment. The Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention provides mentoring and violence prevention funds. And the Civil Rights Division was invited in by me, the mayor, and the state Attorney General to review the Chicago Police Department's practices. On January 13, they reached an agreement in principle with the City to pursue much-needed reforms and to seek to enforce the reforms through a consent decree.  I asked Senator Sessions about his support for these efforts, especially in light of President Trump's tweets where he has urged Mayor Emanuel to ask for Federal help--even though the Mayor has already asked for aid--and threatened to ``send in the Feds'' to Chicago. But Senator Sessions has steadfastly refused to make any commitment of Justice Department resources to help reduce Chicago's violence. He refused to commit to increase Justice Department funding for Chicago. He wouldn't even commit not to cut funding. He refused to commit to honor the agreement in Principle that the Justice Department signed with the city to reform the Chicago Police Department.  And he refused to commit not to request budget cuts to the COPS and Byrne-JAG programs and the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention.  This is unfathomable to me. Now is not the time for the Justice Department to turn its back on the City of Chicago and its people. It is hard to understand how the Trump administration could think about spending $15 billion on an inexpensive and ineffective wall and not commit to spend another penny to address gun violence in Chicago. If the administration took just 1 percent of what they want for a border wall and used it to help Chicago implement the mayor's public safety plan with more police, training, and youth job programs, we could save a lot of lives. But instead Senator Sessions and the Trump administration are threatening to cut Federal funds for Chicago. Their priorities are profoundly misplaced.  Senator Sessions did say he would increase Federal gun prosecutions. That may be helpful, but it is not enough to reduce gun violence. The Chicago Sun-Times looked at Federal gun prosecutions over the past 5 years and found that cities like Detroit and Baltimore had significantly more than Chicago, but their per-capita homicide rates are still higher that Chicago's. So that is not enough.  Senator Sessions also seems to think that immigrants are at the root of most of our Nation's crime problems. That is why he pushes to withhold critical Federal funding to so-called sanctuary cities. But many studies have shown that immigrants are less likely to commit serious crimes than native-born individuals. And there is no evidence whatsoever that undocumented immigrants are responsible for any significant proportion of the murders in Chicago. If sanctuary cities are the problem, why did a sanctuary city like New York City experience record low crime in 2016? Senator Sessions' priorities when it comes to these issues does not give me confidence.  I am also troubled by the casual approach that Senator Sessions has adopted when it comes to Russian interference in our Presidential election.  Election Day 2016 is a day that will live in cyber infamy. A foreign adversary intentionally manipulated America's Presidential election. Amid warnings of Russian manipulation going back to early October, President Donald Trump not only resisted these findings, he has praised Russian President Vladimir Putin and dismissed the true nature of Putin and his threat. As early as July of last year, then-candidate Trump urged a foreign adversary of the United States to conduct espionage against Hillary Clinton. He said, ``I will tell you this, Russia: If you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing . . . I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press.'' AndPresident Trump, who has impulsively attacked just about anyone who criticizes him, has not criticized the one person who is guilty of sponsoring this cyber attack: Vladimir Putin.  This is bigger than one election or one person. This is about our national security, and we should take it seriously.  For those who have been following Putin's actions over the last several years, this attack should come as no surprise. Russia has conducted cyber warfare against Ukraine, the Netherlands, Georgia, Lithuania, Estonia, and a host of other nations. Russia now appears focused on disrupting the upcoming German elections over Putin's dislike of Chancellor Merkel. And it could happen again here.  We need to know that the next U.S. Attorney General will take this matter seriously as well and will be independent of the White House. This means allowing career Justice Department prosecutors and the FBI to follow the facts and the law.  I am concerned about Senator Sessions when it comes to this assignment. I asked Senator Sessions questions about this. In his written responses, he admitted that he has not even read the January 6 intelligence community assessment on Russian involvement in the U.S. election--neither the classified nor the unclassified version. As recently as last week, Senator Sessions admitted he still has not read this report.  The unclassified version incidentally is just a few pages if you don't count the annexes. I read it in less than 15 minutes.  Senator Sessions, seeking to be the top law enforcement official in the land, should have found time to read this report. His failure to do so is inexplicable. This does not give me confidence that Senator Sessions is giving this matter the attention it deserves.  I also asked Senator Sessions if he would commit not to impede or terminate ongoing Justice Department or FBI investigations into Russian involvement in the 2016 election. He would not make any commitment about allowing investigations to continue if confirmed.  And I asked Senator Sessions if he would recuse himself from any FBI or DOJ investigation into Russian efforts to influence the election. He said he was not aware of a basis to recuse himself.  Well, Department of Justice regulations call for recusals from investigations due to personal or political relationships. And it is clear that Senator Sessions has a close relationship with President Trump, including on Russia issues. Senator Sessions was a prominent supporter of the President's campaign.  On March 3, 2016, then-candidate Trump announced that Sessions would serve as chairman of Mr. Trump's National Security Advisory Committee and that he would ``provide strategic counsel to Mr. Trump on foreign policy and homeland security.''  In a July 31, 2016 interview with CNN, Senator Sessions stated the following:       What I want to tell you is that Hillary Clinton left her      email system totally vulnerable to a Russian penetration.      It's probably clear that they have what was on that system. I      have people come up to me all the time and say, why don't      you--if you want to find out where those 30,000 emails are,      why don't you ask the Russians? They're the ones that have      them . . . The big issue is, can we, should we be able to      create a new and positive relationship with Russia. I think      it's . . . it makes no sense that we're at the hostility      level we are.  On August 15, 2016, USA Today published an article entitled ``Sen. Jeff Sessions backs Donald Trump on Russia Policy'' detailing how Sessions changed his hawkish position on Russia to align with then-candidate Trump's statements. It said:       "Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., has long supported increased      military spending and tough talk about the threat Russia      poses to the U.S. and its allies in Europe. Since becoming an      adviser to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump,      however, those principles appear to have undergone some      revisions. Trump has upended traditional conservative caution      toward Russia by exchanging niceties with President Vladimir      Putin and expressing hope for warmer relations. And Sessions,      a frequent surrogate for the Trump campaign in public      appearances, is nodding in agreement.''  On October 7, 2016, Politico published a story entitled ``Lobbyist advised Trump campaign while promoting Russian pipeline: Richard Burt helped shape the candidate's first foreign-policy speech while lobbying on behalf of a Moscow-controlled gas company.'' The Politico story noted that the lobbyist in question ``attended two dinners this summer hosted by Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, who had been named chairman of Trump's national security committee'' and that the lobbyist ``was invited to discuss issues of national security and foreign policy, and wrote white papers for Sessions on the same subjects . . . `'  In an October 30 interview with DefenseNews, Senator Sessions said, ``The United States and Russia should be able to be far more harmonious than we are today.''  Clearly, an investigation into the reported Russia-Trump allegations has the potential to significantly impact the interests of Senator Sessions' soon-to-be-boss, if he's confirmed, and his close political ally.  Again, Senator Sessions' answers to my questions do not give me confidence. In the end, the American people deserve the truth about Russian involvement in our election. The stakes too high to ignore.  There are other aspects of Senator Sessions' record that give me serious concerns about what his priorities would be if confirmed as Attorney General, including his vote against reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act; his votes against the Detainee Treatment Act and the McCain-Feinstein Army Field Manual Amendment; his past statement that the use of prison chain gangs was ``perfectly proper''; his opposition to laws such as the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act; his questioning of the 14th Amendment's guarantee of birthright citizenship; and his refusal to commit to recuse himself from involvement in any case, investigation or Office of Legal Counsel decision involving the receipt of emoluments by President Trump. All of these factors have weighed on me as I have considered this nomination  Mr. President, let me conclude.  We need a nonpartisan Attorney General with the independence, judgment, and backbone to stand up to a President when his actions are illegal or unjust. Senator Sessions is an able politician. He has been an able representative of his State of Alabama. But he is not the right person to serve as Donald Trump's Attorney General.  The Justice Department's motto ``qui pro domina justitia sequitur'' refers to an Attorney General ``who prosecutes on behalf of justice.'' Based on his record and his responses to questions over the past few weeks, I am not confident Senator Sessions would be such an Attorney General. I cannot support his nomination, and I will vote against him.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  