President, today I come to the floor in opposition to the resolution to repeal regulations that help States and districts implement important provisions of the Every Student Succeeds Act.  In the last Congress, Members of Congress did what seems nearly unimaginable today. We passed a bipartisan bill, the Every Student Succeeds Act, or ESSA, to fix No Child Left Behind. After 14 years, Democrats and Republicans in both Chambers came together on compromise legislation to reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA). It gave States and districts flexibility to develop their own plans for holding schools accountable and encouraging improvements. At the same time, it included important Federal guardrails--including through regulatory authority--to fulfill the civil rights legacy of the original ESEA, ensuring that all students have equal access to high-quality public education.  Today, we should be focusing on the implementation of ESSA and providing critical resources to students, teachers, and schools. But, instead, we are on the Senate floor debating a Congressional Review Act resolution of disapproval that would gut the regulations that help maintain the important balance that ESSA strikes between local control and making sure that States are held accountable for educating our students.  After listening to teachers, parents, principals, and superintendents, the Obama Administration issued the final accountability regulation last November. Among other things, this regulation provides important information to help States draft their State plans and develop accountability systems to determine whether children are actually learning. It gives more flexibility to States to develop academic standards, to measure student achievement, and to determine intervention strategies when subgroups of students are consistently underperforming. It also lays out how States should comply with important provisions of the law, including identifying low-performing schools for improvement.  Eliminating this regulation would roll back the Federal role in education that has been in place for more than 50 years. In 1965, when President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, it created an extraordinary opportunity for our Nation to make an even deeper commitment to civil rights. It ensured that all children, regardless of their ZIP Code, background, disability, or family wealth, would have a right to a quality education. Repealing this regulation would overturn 52 years of progress. We should be committing ourselves to advancing equity in education, but instead Republicans are using a political tool--the Congressional Review Act--to remove important Federal protections for students. I believe it is a betrayal of the bipartisan framework that underpins ESSA.  Striking this rule could also send States into chaos. Many States, including my home State of Illinois, have prepared their State plans to align with this regulation. Without the guidance and clarity that this regulation provides, states will not have the support they need to successfully implement ESSA. It could ultimately lead to greater liability for States and districts that are responsible for complying with the law but are left to interpret how to implement the law for themselves. If this partisan CRA effort is successful, the Education Department will not be able to promulgate new rules related to these issues. Instead of policy that is subject to the public scrutiny and review of the formal Federal rulemaking process, repealing this rule gives incredible latitude to an administration that wants to dismantle public education.  When I voted for ESSA, it was with the understanding that the law allowed the Secretary of Education to promulgate rules to implement the bill's accountability provisions. Gutting these regulations swings the pendulum way too far in the direction of local control. Giving States more control with a blank check from the Federal Government is not responsible Federal policy. We should maintain critical Federal guardrails to hold States accountable for educating our children. We should uphold our vital role in protecting the civil rights of all children. Anything less says to our children that they don't matter. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against this resolution.  