We have before us a budget resolution. It is setting the stage for a budget process called reconciliation. To put it in layman's terms, we are going to be moving from this budget resolution vote to a vote at a time to be announced later, possibly in the next 2 weeks, to repeal ObamaCare.  There has been a lot of speculation about what the impact will be if we don't replace the Affordable Care Act, or ObamaCare, with something very quickly--for obvious reasons. We have seen 30 million Americans who now have health insurance because of the creation of the Affordable Care Act.  We have changed health insurance policies across the United States so that if you have someone in your family with a preexisting condition, you can't be discriminated against when you buy insurance.  Back in the old days, before ObamaCare became the law of the land, health insurance companies could just refuse to insure your family or charge you a premium that was beyond reach. We also eliminated the caps that were built in--the limits that were built into these health insurance policies. People were buying policies which covered up to $100,000 in expenses. Then, God forbid, there is a diagnosis of cancer or some serious illness, and $100,000 evaporates over a weekend.  So those limits are no longer allowed in health insurance policies. We said women should be treated the same as men when it comes to premiums. We also went on to say that, when it comes to these health insurance companies, they have to be focused on keeping premium costs in control, and they have to justify any profits that go way beyond the reasonable.  Then we said: If you are a mother or father with a son or daughter coming out of college and they are looking for a job, they are doing an internship, and they don't have health insurance, they can stay on your family policy until age 26.  That is pretty important for a lot of families. My family has been through that with our kids. To know and have peace of mind that your daughter or son can continue to be covered by your family plan--these things are all built into the Affordable Care Act. Now, simply repealing that, even saying it will happen at a later date, throws into question, if not chaos, our health care system in America.  A lot of people are finally thinking about that. It is not just a protest vote about a President who is going to be leaving office in 9 days. It is a life-and-death decision for health care for millions of Americans. Now many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are starting to wake up to that reality.  Senator Cotton of Arkansas said: ``It would not be the right path for us to repeal ObamaCare without laying out a path forward.''  Yesterday, House Speaker Paul Ryan said that Republicans want to repeal ObamaCare ``concurrently'' with a replacement--``concurrently.''  Senator Lamar Alexander, my friend and colleague from Tennessee, who chairs the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, responded by saying: ``To me, `simultaneously' and `concurrently' mean ObamaCare should be finally repealed only when there are concrete, practical reforms in place that give Americans access to truly affordable health care''--Senator Alexander.  Newt Gingrich, the former Republican Speaker of the House, said: ``I don't think Republicans want to leave 23 million people out there worried that they are going to lose their insurance.''  So you go through the long list of Republican dissenters to this notion of repeal and we will get back to you later: Senators Corker, Portman, Collins, Cassidy, Murkowski. They have come up with an amendment to this budget resolution, and they have said: Let's postpone this whole effort until we have had time to put some work into it and come up with an alternative to answer some of the basic questions about what a new version of the Affordable Care Act would look like.  But the problem with that approach is that they have had 7 years--7 years--to prepare something, and they have nothing. So what are we going to do in the meantime?  We did the responsible thing, I hope. Let's find a way to make the Affordable Care Act even stronger, better, fairer. Sign me up. Make it a bipartisan effort. Don't repeal it. Sit down and rewrite it in a way that is fair and makes it stronger and better.  The basic things we want to make sure of are that people can have the same basic protection if they wish it in health insurance. Ensure that no one loses their current benefits, whether it is maternity care, mental health care, or substance abuse treatment, which is now required to be covered by health insurance plans. Ensure that no one's premiums or out-of-pocket expenses get out of line. Protect people with preexisting conditions and don't just simply shift the cost to States--my State included--that could not afford to take this on. Keep drug prices down for seniors.  You see, that is a part I did not mention. Medicare is affected by the Affordable Care Act. Under Medicare, the 60 million Americans under Medicare used to have something called a doughnut hole. It was on odd invention when this bill was written into law. It said that Medicare for seniors would cover the front end of their prescription costs, if they are high, and, then, they have to take the middle part out of their savings, and, then, late in the year, Medicare kicked back in.  It was costing seniors $1,000, $2,000 a year. We eliminated it with the Affordable Care Act. Now, if you repeal that, what happens to seniors and their prescription drug costs? Those are legitimate questions which need to be answered before we go blindly into repealing the Affordable Care Act.  Let's work together--Democrats and Republicans--to make this a better law. I have said it before and I will say it again. The only perfect law that I am aware of was carried down a mountain by ``Senator Moses'' on clay tablets. The rest of the efforts that we put into this are always subject to review, amendment, and improvement. The Affordable Care Act I would put in that category.  If there is a good-faith effort on the Republican side to join with Democrats, I want to be part of it. I also want to salute my colleague, Senator Debbie Stabenow, who will be on the floor in a couple of hours to talk about the mental health protections and substance abuse treatment protections in the Affordable Care Act. We used to have this debate on the Senate floor about whether health insurance policies should cover mental illness. We debated that. For the longest time, they did not. People with those problems and challenges have long-term care, in some cases.  But because of the bipartisan effort of Mr. Paul Wellstone, the late Senatorfrom Minnesota, and Mr. Pete Domenici, the retired Senator from New Mexico--Democrat and Republican--we have included it in there. Senator Stabenow wants to make sure that whatever we write in the future is going to cover mental illness and substance abuse treatment.  Facing mental illness challenges across America, facing an opioid and heroin epidemic, we can do no less. Let me tell you a story about Lori Myers in Freeport, IL. She sent me a letter. Here is what she said:       I am writing to ask you to fight to preserve the ACA . . .      it has literally saved our daughter Brianne.       Brianne has been insured through the ACA since its      inception. . . . She has multiple health concerns and her      prescriptions are insanely expensive without insurance.  Lori writes:       It is imperative that she continue to have health coverage      in order to remain a functioning and productive adult. . . .      She has excellent policies purchased through the      Marketplace--with BlueCross BlueShield, and she receives a      subsidy to assist with cost.       The increase in premium this year was offset by an increase      in the subsidy. She is actually paying $20-$30 less for her      policy this year than she did last year for basically the      same coverage.  Ms. Myers says:       The election of our incoming President and the Republican-     controlled Congress has our family in a panic mode. Paul Ryan      and company want to take away programs that are assisting      people: like Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and      healthcare.  She makes this final plea:       I am asking you, as our elected official, to stand strong      against any attempt to dismantle the Affordable Care Act and      these other extremely vital programs.  What does it mean for seniors--the Affordable Care Act?  Well, the first thing it did was to start to contain the growth in health care costs. That had a dramatic impact on Medicare and its future. Because of the Affordable Care Act and the changes it includes, which give to seniors, for example, free preventive health exams and that sort of thing, and because of prescription drugs now being covered so it does not come out of pocket for many seniors--because of these changes and others--Medicare is now financially solvent through 2028.  ObamaCare, or the Affordable Care Act, added 10 years of solvency to Medicare. That is critically important. What happens when they repeal it? Because we slowed the pace of Medicare costs, seniors are now paying $700 less each year in premiums and cost sharing, on average. Premiums are down, and Medicare solvency is up. We want to repeal that?  Our health care system now prohibits insurers from charging seniors much higher premiums simply because of age. Seniors were often charged five times what younger people paid for health insurance--banned by the Affordable Care Act. ObamaCare, as I mentioned earlier, closed this doughnut hole, saving 11 million seniors an average of $2,127 on their prescription drugs. They want to repeal that?  Thanks to ObamaCare, more than 30 States have expanded their Medicaid Program. People often forget that the vast majority of money spent on Medicaid is for seniors who are in an institutional or at-home-by-themselves setting. So when you cut Medicaid--and people say that it must be the poor unemployed; it is--but the largest amount of money is going to seniors--mothers and fathers, grandmothers and grandfathers.  The Affordable Care Act has been good for kids across America. Between 2013 and 2015 we saw the largest decline of children uninsured in our Nation's modern history. Today, more than 95 percent of kids in America are insured. We ought to be proud of that. In Illinois, there is a 40-percent decline in the number of children uninsured. Under our current health care system, children can now stay on their parents' plans till age 26, as I mentioned.  The number of young adults ages 19 to 25 without health insurance has declined by over 50 percent since we passed this bill. In Illinois, more than 90,000 young people have signed up. Today, insurance companies are required to cover important health care for children free of charge--vaccinations, vision checks, lead poison screening. Of course, we ended the preexisting condition provisions. The Republicans want to repeal this. What will they replace that with to protect children and seniors?  When it comes to women, because of ObamaCare, the uninsured rate for adult women in America has declined by 44 percent. Today, women can no longer be charged more than men simply because of their gender. Our health care system now prohibits insurers from discriminating based on preexisting conditions. There was a time, literally, when health insurance companies said being a woman is a preexisting condition. We are going to charge you more.  Our health care system now ensures that women can get free preventive health services. Before ObamaCare, 62 percent of individual health plans did not cover maternity or newborn care. Today, it is a requirement.  So when you talk about cutting the cost of health insurance and that we will just take off some of these benefits, understand what you are doing. If you take the basic maternity care out of a health insurance plan, and it is not included and it is needed, that family is going to have to bear that expense.  If they can't pay the bill--some won't be able to--who is going to pay for it? The hospital will deliver the baby and send the mother and baby home happy and healthy, I hope. But the cost will be passed on to everyone else who shows up at that hospital with a health insurance plan. That was the old days. Do the Republicans want to return to that?  In the area of behavioral health, as I mentioned earlier, thanks to ObamaCare, health insurance plans now cover mental health and substance abuse disorders. The law extended protections under the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act to 60 million Americans in private health plans. This means that insurers can no longer discriminate against individuals with mental illness or addiction.  Our health care system now prohibits insurers from discriminating based on preexisting conditions, including the 44 million Americans with some history of mental illness and 20 million with a substance abuse disorder.  When you repeal this, as the Republicans plan on doing, what will they replace it with? What will they say to the families who have someone with a mental illness or someone suffering from a drug addiction?  Substance abuse and mental health disorders often present in young adulthood, and that is why the provision that families can keep their kids on their plan is at the right time and the right place for many young people.  There is a long list of things that were done by the Affordable Care Act. It is one thing to campaign and say: We will repeal it. People cheer. And then you ask yourselves: What are you going to say, as some of the Republican leaders have said, to the people who are going to lose this coverage, to the people who want their guarantees built into their health insurance plans?  I can still remember--and I will bet many watching this debate can too--the bad old days when you called up that adjuster for the health insurance plan that you owned and wondered how long you were going to sit on hold for the person on the other end and if the person on the other end would even be able to comprehend what you were asking.  These sorts of things don't need to be returned as evidence that we are making progress. If we go back to those bad old days, it is a step in the wrong direction for millions of Americans.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  