Louis Post-Dispatch, the Charlotte Observer, the New York Times, and more.  Now listen specifically to the pleas of gunshot victims and their family members. Listen to Patrick Korellis, of Chicago, whom I have met. He was shot in a classroom 9 years ago at Northern Illinois University by a man who had a serious mental illness. He wrote to me and he said:       I was shot in my classroom by someone who was mentally ill,      and was able to obtain guns and a lot of ammunition because      the background checks weren't strong enough. Rolling back      some of these background checks doesn't make any sense, and      will allow more people to get through the loopholes.  Now listen to Janet Delana of Wellington, MO. She wrote to Congress:       My daughter Colby, a diagnosed paranoid schizophrenic who      lived at home with her father and I, received monthly Social      Security disability payments for her mental illness. In 2012      she used the money from her disability check to buy a gun at      a local gun dealer. Because she was ill and suicidal, I had      contacted the gun dealer and begged him not to sell her a      gun. However, my pleas were ignored and the dealer sold her a      gun anyway because Colby passed the background check. An hour      later, she shot her father to death and tried once again to      take her own life. She is now in an institution for life, and      my husband is gone.  Janet said:       This SSA Rule is vital. I am very concerned this resolution      would preclude SSA and possibly even other agencies from      enacting any future regulations on this or related matters.  We have a public health crisis when it comes to gun violence--in Chicago and in communities across the Nation. We have a responsibility to do what we can on the Federal level to reduce the violence and protect our citizens from getting shot. Voting for this resolution of disapproval today would be a step backward. It would weaken the gun laws on the books and make it easier for severely mentally ill people to get guns. On this, the ninth anniversary of the shooting at Northern Illinois University in DeKalb, it is unthinkable that we are going to try to revoke a rule that would keep guns out of the hands of those who should have no business owning them.  Let me conclude with a statement from Bloomberg business magazine, published in an edition several weeks ago:       Advocates for the mentally ill caution that mental illness      shouldn't be equated with a penchant for violence. They're      right. But America's tragic experience with mentally ill      gunmen--from shootings at Virginia Tech in 2007 to Newtown,      Connecticut, in 2012--shows the folly of simply dismissing      the danger.       In recent years Republicans have prioritized instant      gratification for anyone who desires to buy a gun. Last year      the National Rifle Association spent $50 million on the      campaigns of Donald Trump and six Republican senators. NRA      leader Wayne LaPierre, who met with Trump this week, wants      payback.       The Obama rule established a process for identifying only      Social Security beneficiaries who would be prohibited from      possessing guns under existing law. It required     that beneficiaries be notified of the prohibition, and it      provided means to appeal the determination before an      administrative law judge or a federal court.       Such provisions would safeguard individual rights. But they      offend the fundamental principle that drives the NRA, and      thus Republican, gun politics: Anyone should be able to get a      gun at any time for any reason and bring that weapon, loaded,      anywhere.  Common sense dictates that we be careful to keep guns out of the hands of those who would misuse them. I sincerely hope that gun owners across my State and across the Nation--and I respect them and their constitutional right--will understand that reasonable limitations on the possession and ownership of firearms is in the best interest of protecting their Second Amendment rights as well.  I yield the floor.  