President, yesterday, on the floor of the Senate, there was a speech which will be remembered for a long time. Our friend and colleague Senator John McCain came to the floor just days after he had been diagnosed with a serious cancer challenge. He made the trip from Arizona to Washington to vote on the floor on this healthcare debate, then asked for 15 minutes of time afterward to speak to the Senate. Of course, he was given that opportunity.  During the time that we learned about his diagnosis and he was home, virtually every one of us sent our personal best wishes to him and his family. Our love and respect for John McCain is deeply felt in the U.S. Senate, and virtually everyone stayed on the floor to hear his speech. Look around the floor now. There aren't many people, right? As good as my speech may be, it is not going to touch the quality of what John delivered yesterday. I wanted to be here for it and so did my colleagues on the Democratic side and on the Republican side.  John said a lot about who we are and what we are in the U.S. Senate. Fewer than 2,000 individuals, in the history of the United States of America, have had the honor to stand here and speak on the floor of the Senate. This is a rare opportunity. For many of us, it is a dream come true and one we couldn't imagine, but what John said yesterday, to summarize part of his statement, is that we ought to understand our responsibilities, as well, as Senators.  We ought to be honest about what we now face in America when it comes to the political discourse, the political debate. What we face now is a divided country, a divided Senate, divided House, and yet a yearning by all Americans for us to step up and do something; make America a better nation; help America's families, the workers, the businesses; step forward and solve a problem. John reminded us yesterday that to do that, we needed to move to what he called the regular order.  It may not mean much to those who are just watching this debate and don't follow the Senate closely, but the regular order is to introduce a bill intothe Senate, send it to a committee, have the committee staff review it, experts take a look at it, call for a committee hearing so the American people can see what is in the bill, debate the back-and-forth at the hearing, then have members offer amendments--changes. Some will win, some will lose. Then the bill can come to the floor of the Senate for a similar process. It is an open, public process. That is what regular order is, and that is what John McCain spoke to.  Let me, at this point, quote what he said verbatim. I like this paragraph a lot so I am going to add it here. Here is what John McCain said yesterday on the floor of the Senate:       I hope we can again rely on humility, our need to      cooperate, on our dependence on each other to learn how to      trust each other again and, by so doing, better serve the      people who elected us.  I like this part:       Stop listening to the bombastic loudmouths on the radio and      television and the internet.  John McCain said:       To hell with them. They don't want anything done for the      public good. Our incapacity is their livelihood.       Let's trust each other. Let's return to regular order. We      have been spinning our wheels on too many important issues      because we keep trying to find a way to win without help from      across the aisle. That is an approach that has been employed      by both sides; mandating legislation from the top down,      without any support from the other side, with all the      parliamentary maneuvers it requires. We are getting nothing      done, my friends. We are getting nothing done.  John said it yesterday and it still applies and he is right. I say that as a Democrat with respect for him as a Republican, but if we are not going to do more than just listen and be warmed by his words and applaud his speech, what should we do at this moment?  What is pending before us on the floor of the U.S. Senate is legislation that will change healthcare for every single American--every one of them. It will change it for us in the Senate, but it will change it for the 12.5 million people I represent in Illinois too. Every one of them will be changed by this bill. What is in this bill that will change it? We honestly can't tell you. The bill has not been written. We aren't able to see it. We are being told before the end of the week we will actually get a copy of the bill. I am not making that up.  We have tried several amendments on the floor, and they failed--one has failed. Several are likely to fail this afternoon, but there is no bill before us. We can't explain to the American people what this is ultimately going to be, except in the most general terms of what is being debated. That is embarrassing. It is embarrassing on the floor of the Senate.  What we should do is take this critical matter that affects every American and every American's healthcare and send it to a committee--the HELP Committee, chaired by Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee; Ranking Member Patty Murray, who is a Senator from Washington; the Finance Committee, Senator Hatch of Utah, Republican; Senator Wyden of Oregon, Democrat. They need to sit down and look at these bills carefully.  Let's not make a mistake at the expense of the people who sent us here. Let's stand up for sound, thoughtful judgment. Let's stand up for a Senate that works, as John McCain challenged us. Is that what the American people wish? I think it is at the heart of all of it. I think John McCain really set a standard we ought to live up to. Let's stop this waste of time over a debate over a bill that cannot even be printed. Let's take this to the regular order. Let's do it the right way, to the credit of the Senate and to the credit of our country.  We took an oath, each and every one of us, to swear to uphold the Constitution. That Constitution, that document we revere, spells out exactly what we should do at this moment, which is stop what we are doing on this floor, stop wasting the time of the American people and endangering their healthcare and take this to a debate that is befitting a great Constitution and a great nation and a great Senate.  I yield the floor.  I do it with the hopes that those who speak after me, of both political parties, will first sit down and read what John McCain said yesterday and let their applause for his remarks be reflected in what they do on the floor of the Senate today.  I yield the floor.  