President, yesterday I went to the White House. It was a great celebration of the World Series champion Chicago Cubs being recognized in the White House by our President from Illinois, Barack Obama. Of course, he is a White Sox fan, and he didn't apologize or change his stripes, but it was a great day of celebration. During the course of it, he said it was his last public event in the White House, and I came to realize that we are only days away from a new President and President Obama leaving.  I think back to a memorable moment in my life which most people wouldn't have remembered, but I will never forget. It was July 27, 2004. The place was Boston, MA. At the last minute, I was called on to introduce a friend of mine, a skinny lawyer and State senator from Illinois who was about to deliver the keynote address at the 2004 Democratic National Convention. His name was Barack Obama. I had known him for several years. I knew he was an extraordinarily gifted politician, and I knew he was a very good person.  I had seen him inspire many audiences back home, including some in the most unlikely places. I once saw him hold spellbound a group of blue-collar workers and farmers in Carroll, IL--a town which in the 1960s was completely devastated by racial tension and the presence of a local branch of the Ku Klux Klan--but even I was not prepared for the powerfully moving speech Barack Obama gave after I introduced him in Boston. It has been quoted in the Times. He told us:       There is not a liberal America and a conservative America--     there is the United States of America. There is not a Black      America and a White America and Latino America and Asian      America--there's the United States of America.  He went on to say:       The pundits like to slice and dice our country into red      States and blue States; red States for Republicans, blue      States for Democrats. But I've got news for them, too. We      worship an awesome God in the blue States, and we don't like      Federal agents poking around in our libraries in the red      States. We coach Little League in the blue States, and, yes,      we've got some gay friends in the red States. There are      patriots who opposed the war in Iraq, and there are patriots      who supported the war in Iraq.  He only spoke for 17 minutes at that Boston convention--17 minutes--and in that time, he gave voice to what another tall, lanky lawyer from Illinois once called ``the better angels of our nature.'' He touched a longing deep within the hearts of millions of Americans who wanted to believe in those better angels, who wanted to believe in what Barack Obama called ``the audacity of hope,'' the audacity to believe that America, which had achieved so many miracles, was capable of even greater goodness. People inside the convention hall and millions outside who heard that speech all had the same reaction: I have seen America's future.  I remember going back to Illinois a few days after that convention and campaigning with Barack as he was running for the U.S. Senate. He went to the most unlikely downstate towns--Calumet, IL; Freeport, IL. Huge crowds were coming in from adjoining States because they had seen him give that speech at the Democratic Convention. I knew there was something special about him.  His grandmother called him after he gave the speech. She gave him some advice. ``You did well,'' she said. ``I just kind of worry about you. I hope you keep your head on straight.'' Good advice for all of us.  A little over 4 years later, my friend--then the U.S. Senator from Illinois--was elected the 44th President. On inauguration day 2009, 2 million Americans stood shoulder to shoulder outside on the Mall near the Capitol dome and cheered as the son of a father from Kenya and a mother from Kansas placed his hand on the family Bible of Abraham Lincoln and swore to uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.  For the last 8 years, President Barack Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, their daughters Malia and Sasha, and First Grandmother Marian Robinson have made their home in the White House. What an irony--they were living in a house originally built by slaves.  The audacity of hope. The awe-inspiring strength of America to continually seek and stretch to be that ``more perfect Union.''  Part of the miracle of America is also the peaceful transition of power from one President to the next. As we prepare for the transition to a new President, we would do well to look back on the historic Presidency of Barack Obama. He was elected and reelected President both times convincingly.  His grandmother would be proud that he has not only kept his head on straight, he has held his head high, kept his priorities straight even amidst often unprecedented, unyielding opposition and searingly personal attacks. As First Lady Michelle Obama told us, the motto for the entire Obama family has been ``When they go low, we go high.'' We have seen that grace in them time and time again.  President Obama is a profoundly good and decent man who has served America with dignity and integrity. He has been thoughtful, calm, and resolute--never rash or impulsive. He is a disciplined leader who has grappled honestly with complex challenges facing America and the world, and he has delivered solutions that improved lives.  In his farewell speech in Chicago, President Obama quoted the fictional hero Atticus Finch, reminding us: ``You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view . . . until you climb into his skin and walk around in it.'' Putting himself in another person's shoes, seeing life through another person's eyes, and finding shared hopes is a lifelong habit and a special gift of this President.  He has tried his level best to heal and unite our divided Nation. His accomplishments are significant, and history will record many of them as profound.  He was first elected at a time when America badly needed hope. President Obama inherited--inherited--the greatest financial and economic crisis since the Great Depression. The country had lost more than 2 million jobs in the previous 4 months before he was sworn in. By inauguration day, the country's top four banks had lost half their value in less than a year. There was an urgent danger that not only the American economy would collapse, but the economy of the Western world was teetering in the balance.  The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, called the stimulus bill, saved the U.S. and global economy from a major crash and helped create the conditions for recovery. Unemployment today is at 4.9 percent. America has just seen the longest streak of private job creation in the Nation's history. To borrow a phrase, thanks, Obama.  Our friends across the aisle said: Let America's auto industry die. The Obama administration said: No way. They decided to place their bets on American manufacturing and workers instead. The Center for Automotive Research estimates that the special bankruptcy process for General Motors and Chrysler saved at least 1.5 million American jobs. Detroit has posted record profits for 7 years in a row. Barack Obama would not give up on American autoworkers or American auto companies, and it paid off.  Predatory lending and other systemic abuses were the cancer at the heart of the great financial meltdown of 2008 and 2009.  