President, I thank my colleague from Colorado. We have been engaged in this battle of immigration reform for years. He is a worthy ally, thoughtful, and always thinking of a solution. I thank him for his continuing commitment to this cause.  In the midst of the Civil War, President Abraham Lincoln got so frustrated with General McClellan that he sent him a message. He couldn't get him to attack. He wouldn't do anything.  He asked: General McClellan, if you are not going to use your Army, can I use it? Can I borrow your Army?  So I would like to ask the leaders of the House and Senate: If you are not going to use your Congress, can I borrow it for a minute? Can we fill up this empty Chamber and actually have a real debate over a real bill to solve a real problem?  I think that might be a worthy thing for us to do. In fact, I think that is what we are paid to do; isn't it? Didn't we swear to uphold this Constitution? Didn't we take this historic job on with the goal of making America a better place?  On September 5, President Trump, along with Attorney General Sessions, eliminated the DACA Program. This was a program that gave to almost 800,000 young people--brought to the United States when they were little kids--a chance to go to school, to work, to have futures in this country. They had to go through criminal background checks, turn over all of their information, and pay their taxes--all of the above. Then, for 2 years, they could operate in America. They were not citizens, but they were legally in America. On September 5, President Trump and Attorney General Sessions said: It is over--as of March 5, 2018, no more.  Then the President said: I challenge you, Congress. Do something about it. Pass a law.  That was almost 4 months ago. What have we done in 4 months to address this problem that affects the lives of 800,000 DACA-protected young people? Nothing. We are not using this Congress. General McClellan was not using the Army. Isn't it time that we do something? Wouldn't the American people be so pleasantly surprised if we did something on a bipartisan basis that solved a problem in America?  I know my Republican colleagues are euphoric over their tax bill. Two out of three Americans are not. I am not. I will put it aside for a minute. They spent a lot of time. They passed it. So be it. They did it on a strictly partisan basis. They had a right under the Senate rules to do it that way, and they did it that way. This cannot be done on a strictly partisan basis. You cannot fix the immigration system unless you engage both political parties in the solution.  I am lucky. I care about this. I also found some Republican Senators who care just as much. Jeff Flake of Arizona announced his retirement. I am sorry to see him go because he is a good person of good values. He stepped up and cosponsored the Dream Act that we are talking about here. I didn't even have to call him on the phone. I thanked him, and he said: It is the right thing to do. Lindsey Graham, a Republican of South Carolina, was my cosponsor. Cory Gardner of Colorado and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska stepped up and said: It is the right thing to do for these young people, to give them an opportunity to earn their way into legal status, to earn their way to citizenship.  I thank them for that. We need eight more. If we get 8 more, we will have 12 Republicans out of 52. With eight more, we are ready. We are ready to put 60 votes up when they call the roll. With 60 votes in the Senate, you can get things done.  What has happened? What opportunities have we had in the almost 4 months since the President eliminated this program? None--not one.  Senator McConnell said to Senator Flake when his vote on the tax bill was in doubt: I promise you that we will bring this up in January--this coming January.  I can tell you that I read the promise very closely, and there are a lot of contingencies on there. I hope that Senator McConnell is going to give us our chance early in January to find out if we can come up with a bipartisan solution to this problem.  If you think there aren't other Republicans who support this, 34 Republicans in the House of Representatives sent a letter to Speaker Paul Ryan and wrote: Pass the Dreamer legislation this year--34 Republicans. So we are not alone. They are not the only ones.  Yesterday, 11 Governors--11 of them, Republicans and Democrats--sent a letter to Congress, calling on us to do this. The letter was signed by the Democratic Governors from Minnesota, Montana, Pennsylvania, and North Carolina and by the Republican Governors from Nevada, Massachusetts, Vermont, and Utah, and by Alaska's Independent Governor.  We are hearing from those in the business community. They want this done. They have seen these Dreamers. They have seen these young people. They believe in them, and they want us to do something to help them. We have heard it from the labor organizations, and we have heard it from the faith organizations.  Across the board, 76 percent of the American people support what we are trying to do here--76 percent. What issues get 76 percent? The flag? I will bet you it gets even more, but not many others get 76 percent approval, including 61 percent of the Trump voters. They think it is the right thing to do. Do you know why? Because many of these people have met the Dreamers. When you come to know them and hear their stories, you come to the conclusion--at least I do--that, for goodness' sake, these are extraordinary young people. Somehow or another, they have survived and have even flourished in a country that doesn't recognize them as legal. They went to our schools. They pledged allegiance to our flag. They sang the national anthem. That is the country they know.  Let me tell you about one before I turn the floor over to my colleague from Maryland. This young lady's name is Miriam Gonzalez. She is the 105th Dreamer whose story I have told on the floor.  When she was 6 years old, her family brought her to the United States from Mexico, and she grew up near Los Angeles. She was a good student and a good athlete. In high school she played softball and golf. She was a member of the bible club, the chemistry club, and the reading club. She was an active volunteer in her community, including assistant teaching at the local elementary school. She was the valedictorian of her high school class. She was accepted at UCLA. She majored in anthropology and minored in classical civilization.  Let me give a postscript here. If you are undocumented and go to college in America, you get no Federal assistance--no Pell grant, no Federal loan. You have to earn the money. You have to work jobs to do it. She did. She held down the necessary jobs and commuted to school from her parents' home by taking public transportation for 2 hours each way on every schoolday.  She was involved in student groups, mentored students at Van Nuys High School, and encouraged them to go to college. She continued to excel academically. She made the dean's honor roll and was awarded a certificate for her research at UCLA. Today, she is assisting students in low-income neighborhoods and schools.  After graduation, she went to work with Teach For America. Do you know what that means? It means taking a job that pays hardly anything to teach in one of the most challenging schools in America. She did it. She taught seventh- and eighth-grade students in L.A. She teaches five classes for students who are having trouble with math and reading, and she gives one-on-one tutoring.  She is involved in the school's parents committee and tries to get the parents of these kids who need their helping hands to excel as well. She is a full-time graduate student at Loyola Marymount University, where she is pursuing a master's degree in education.  I am going to read her letter and then turn over the floor.       Every day for [my] first two months [as a teacher] my      students would ask me if I would be returning the next day,      week, and month, and I would reassure them that I was there      to stay. Eventually, they began to trust me and believe that      I was there to support them. . . . Now students believe that      I am there for them and truly care about helping and      preparing [them] to succeed academically. My students have      made huge improvements academically, [and] I am particularly      proud of how hard they all work. After hearing about the fate      of DACA--  She is talking about President Trump abolishing DACA--     my students were worried that they would be losing me. I      continue to reassure them that I am not going anywhere      anytime soon and will fight to be able to see them finish      middle school.  What is going to happen to her if we don't do what we are supposed to do--if we don't use this Senate and that House to solve this problem? What is going to happen to her and her students? Are we so busy? Do you notice it on the floor? Are we so busy that wecan't take up a piece of legislation here, debate it, and pass it today?  Before the end of the day, we are going to pass a measure to keep the government open and functioning for about 3 or 4 weeks. It is something that may pass the House. We will find out later this afternoon. I am troubled by it. It doesn't have one word in it to deal with this challenge, and we have known for 4 months that it was coming and that we had to do it.  I am going to be voting no on that, and it is not because of the merits of the continuing resolution. Until we address this issue and take the time to use the Senate and use the House to solve this problem, I am not going to be standing here and saying: I am going home for Christmas. I don't know what is going to happen to Miriam. I don't know what is going to happen to 800,000 others--get back to you later. The time is now for us to solve this problem.  I yield the floor.  