President, I thank my colleague from New Jersey for his excellent statement summarizing the challenge we face. I thank my colleagues from Maryland and from Delaware as well.  Yesterday, we had a hearing in the Judiciary Committee. There is an individual seeking the Deputy Attorney General spot. Of course, he is seeking this position--a key position--at a critical moment in American history.  The Attorney General of the United States of America, Jeff Sessions of Alabama, announced publicly last week, on Thursday, that he was going to recuse himself from any prosecution involving the Russians and the last Presidential campaign. That is historic, and it was the right thing to do. Many of us on the Democratic side have called on him for weeks to do just that.  Senator Sessions had been an active participant in the Trump campaign, and when he became Attorney General, we felt that, in the best interests of preserving the integrity of the Department of Justice, he had to step aside when it came to the investigation of Russian involvement in that campaign.  Of course, in the meantime, during the course of this national debate, the National Security Advisor to the President of the United States, General Flynn, resigned after he misrepresented to the American people and to the Vice President of the United States conversations he had with the Russian Ambassador. It came to light last week that then-Senator Sessions, during the course of his confirmation hearing, gave misleading comments and answers to a question by Senator Franken, saying that he had had no contact with the Russians, either. In fact, he had.  He sent a clarification letter, but yesterday's hearing was about his successor, the Deputy Attorney General, who would have the power to oversee this investigation. The gentleman who was nominated is well known to the Senator from Maryland because he served as U.S. Attorney there for a number of years--since 2005. He served under President Obama. He was initially appointed under President Bush, a rare bipartisan selection, who, by every indication, is a professional prosecutor.  The disappointing moment at the hearing is when we asked Mr. Rosenstein if he had read the intelligence report that was publicly announced in January about the Russian involvement in our election campaign. It is an unclassified report. It is on the internet. It is about 15 pages long. It is as precise and conclusive as you can expect. It said quite clearly that the Russians did attempt to change the outcome of the election, that they were, in fact, working to benefit Donald Trump and against Hillary Clinton.  I quickly added that this was not published by the Democratic National Committee. This was by the intelligence agencies of the U.S. Government. I was disappointed when Mr.Rosenstein said no, he had not read it. He was asked over and over again why he would not read a piece of information, a document so critical to his service as Deputy Attorney General.  I will set that aside for a moment and just observe the obvious. If you believe our intelligence agencies, there is no question that Russia was trying to change the outcome of the Presidential election. They were engaged, we believe, with up to a thousand trolls in some office buildings in Moscow, invading the internet, invading emails in the United States in an attempt to glean information that they could feed back to the public through Wikileaks and other sources.  Although there is no evidence to date that they had any impact on the actual casting or counting of ballots, their intent is clear. They wanted to pick Donald Trump as President. They believed he was a better choice for Russian interests than Hillary Clinton.  Is that worthy of an investigation? I certainly hope so. To our knowledge, it is the first time in the history of the United States that a foreign power--and one that has been an adversary time and again to our interests around the world--tried to invade our election. It was, in fact, a day that will live in cyber infamy in terms of this Russian effort.  If we ignore it, we can expect several things. Get ready for the next election. Do you think they learned anything during the course of the last one? Do you think the Russians will be involved again? It would be naive to believe otherwise.  Secondly, there is a critical element here that we cannot ignore. Three weeks ago I visited Warsaw, Poland; Vilnius, Lithuania; and Kiev, Ukraine. I talked to those leaders--in a couple of instances, the Presidents of those countries, as well as opinion leaders, parliamentarians--and they continued to raise the same question to me. It came down to this: If the United States does not take seriously the invasion of Russia in your own Presidential campaign, will you take it seriously when Putin invades our country? You have told us under the NATO alliance, article 5, that you will stand by our side and protect us. If you don't take Putin seriously when he invades your own Presidential election, there is a lot of doubt.  Questions are being asked. Several Republican Senators have stepped up. I want to salute them. I will start with Lindsey Graham, who yesterday, again before the Senate Foreign Operations Subcommittee on Appropriations, made it clear that he believes we have to thoroughly investigate this Russian involvement in our Presidential election.  A few others have said the same. Unfortunately, the reaction by many Republican Senators has been lukewarm to cold. They don't want to spend the time to look into this. They would rather start talking about investigating leaks in the Trump administration or even the President's far-fetched tweets suggesting that somehow President Obama was engaged in a wiretap. It is something that has been denied not only by the former President but also by the former Director of National Intelligence and the head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  To date, there is not one shred of evidence for the claim made by President Trump in his tweets in the early morning hours of Saturday. At the same time, the need for this investigation continues. You have heard cataloged in detail--and I will not repeat it--Russian aggression over the last several years.  I have seen it. I have seen it throughout history, at least during my lifetime, and I have seen it more recently in Ukraine, in Georgia, and threats that go on every single day in countries in the Baltics and Poland. It is clear to them that they are fighting a hybrid war, not just the military threat, which is very real, but also cyber threats that at one point closed down the Estonian economy--a Russian cyber invasion closed it down--and propaganda threats, which are nonstop through cable television known as RT, Russia Today. They continue to broadcast false information into countries like the Baltics and try to do it with impunity. That is the reality of what we are facing.  The question we face, though, as the U.S. Senate sworn to uphold this Constitution, is whether we are prepared to defend it against foreign powers that will undermine it, in this case the Russian Federation.  There has been a suggestion that the intelligence committees can have an investigation of this matter. I would say that in and of itself is not objectionable, but it is certainly not complete and satisfactory. The Intelligence Committee is going meet behind closed doors. We will not see the witnesses. We will not hear their testimony. The American people may not ever hear who testified and what they had to say.  Some parts of this must continue to be classified, and I understand that. But by and large, the American people have a right to know what the Russians did and how they did it so that we can make sure we defend ourselves against this in the future. The Intelligence Committees have a role, but not in its entirety.  I think there should be a special prosecutor from the Department of Justice to see if any crimes have been committed. I don't know where the evidence will lead, but we should have someone we trust, a person of integrity, who will step up and assume that role and make that investigation for the Department of Justice.  One other thing: I think this is of sufficient gravity that we should have an independent, transparent, bipartisan commission. My colleague, Senator Cardin of Maryland, is the sponsor of that legislation, which I am happy to cosponsor. That is the ultimate answer.  Let's get to the bottom of this once and for all to make certain we know what the Russians tried to do to us and to make doubly certain that it never happens again. That is the reality of this challenge.  I hope we can get bipartisan support for it. When it comes to sanctions against Russia, we have had good bipartisan support, and that is encouraging--equal numbers of Democrats and Republicans saying they should pay a price for what they did. Let's get the investigation to its conclusion.  Leon Panetta is a friend of mine and served in our government at many different levels. In the Sunday talk shows, he talked about what he would recommend to the Trump administration. He said to them very simply: Get in front of this. Don't keep reacting to this. Say that if you have done nothing wrong you are going to cooperate fully with any investigation to get to the bottom of it. That is the way to deal with it.  I hope we will have an end to the tweets and a beginning of the cooperation that is necessary so that we can get to the bottom of this situation and know the facts, wherever they may lead us.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  