 Neil Gorsuch, the judge from the Tenth Circuit who has been nominated for the Supreme Court, has had some noteworthy opinions. One was the Hobby Lobby case. It is an interesting parallel between Hobby Lobby and Citizens United. In Citizens United, the Supreme Court said: We believe that money is speech. And we believe that the protections of the First Amendment extend to corporations who should be treated like persons when it comes to their right of free speech.  In the Hobby Lobby case, Neil Gorsuch, who is headed for the Supreme Court, reached a parallel decision, giving good credibility to the argument that the Republicans know why they are pushing for this man to go to the Court because this was a case where the Hobby Lobby company, which has stores across the United States owned by the Green family--the Green family had their own special personal religious beliefs when it came to family planning and birth control. So they refused to provide for their 13,000 employees across the United States any health insurance plan that provided for methods of birth control, which they found personally offensive. They said that this was a corporate position they were taking--a company position.  So it was Neil Gorsuch, with others on the Tenth Circuit Court, who decided to expand the definition of personhood--again to include closely held corporations like Hobby Lobby. The net result was that the owners--the Green family--were able to say: We are going to stand up for our religious beliefs when it comes to family planning. And to say to 13,000 employees that those employees' personal beliefs--the religious beliefs of each employee--really made no difference from the viewpoint of Judge Gorsuch. Once the owners of the company had decided what was good, principled religious conduct, they could impose that on their employees.  So there is a parallel here where Citizens United said a corporation is a person. Judge Gorsuch and Hobby Lobby said that a closely held corporation is a person. And in the Citizens United case, he said this person--corporation person--has the right of free speech. In the case of Hobby Lobby, Judge Gorsuch said this corporation has the right of freedom of religion to exert their sincerely held religious beliefs.  So I say to the Senator from Oregon: It is clear to me that they tested Judge Gorsuch in the Tenth Circuit, and he came out ahead when it came to the basic principle that corporations should somehow be treated as persons when it comes to rights under the Constitution. That to me is hard to imagine.  I just can't fathom how they could stretch the meaning of person to include corporations when it doesn't say so expressly in any of the statutes that were referenced here. I haven't seen a lot of corporations pleading guilty and being sent to prison. It doesn't happen much.  So my question to the Senator from Oregon is, when it comes to the clearance of Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court seat--this open seat on the Supreme Court--whether they found the Hobby Lobby decision something that said to them: This man would believe in Citizens United had he been on the Court at the same time.  