President, yesterday the President of the United States had a long and eventful press conference--77 minutes--talking about the issues before us in this country and his administration. He referred to his administration as ``a fine tuned machine.'' That was his 28th day in office.  I will observe the following: This so-called fine-tuned machine was forced to dismiss the Acting Attorney General of the United States in the first 3 weeks. This fine-tuned machine was reprimanded by three different Federal courts for an Executive order on immigration and refugees which they found to be inconsistent with the law and the Constitution of the United States. This so-called fine-tuned machine had to accept the resignation in the first 24 days of the National Security Advisor to the President of the United States. Mr. Trump is making history. No President has been through those experiences. None. I wouldn't say it is a fine-tuned machine; I would say it is a history-making machine. And sadly this fine-tuned machine, as he calls it, has had some rough spots. That is not all.  This issue about the Russian connection in President Trump's campaign is not going away. Seventeen different intelligence agencies have verified the fact that Vladimir Putin and the Russians expressly tried to invade on a cyber basis the United States of America and to influence the outcome of an election. And it wasn't an equal opportunity effort--they were there to elect Donald Trump and defeat Hillary Clinton.  To make the record perfectly clear, as they say, there is no evidence that the Russians had any actual impact on the actual casting or counting of votes, but they did everything else they could dream of. They tried to invade and hack sources of files and information and to disclose and release them in a timely fashion.  There was that horrible episode involving ``Entertainment Weekly,'' or whatever the name of that operation was, where they had a recording of then-candidate Donald Trump saying some awful things. It was no coincidence that 2 hours after that recording was released, they started releasing John Podesta's emails and files--the Russians did--to try to resurrect the Trump campaign that hit some prettyrocky shoals. So we know that happened.  We also know there was contact with General Flynn, the National Security Advisor to Donald Trump, prior to the President being sworn in. The extent of the contact, we don't know. The number of people in the Trump campaign who may or may not have had contact with the Russians, we don't know, but we do know this: The Federal Bureau of Investigation has an investigation underway into this very question because it raises some big issues.  This is the first time we know in the history of the United States that a foreign power has tried to invade our electoral process. And it isn't just a benign invasion; this is one of our major enemies when it comes to national security, and the reason is obvious. Travel to the Baltics, travel to Poland, travel to Ukraine, and talk to them about Vladimir Putin. He isn't this great hero, as President Trump has characterized him, from their point of view; he is a threat to their existence. They know what happened when the Soviet Union had the power. It controlled the Baltics. It controlled Poland. It controlled Ukraine. They don't want to see that day return. They want the United States and NATO to stand up and help make sure they have a way to continue their democracy and continue making their own sovereign decisions. Meanwhile, our President of the United States, Donald Trump, is tossing political bouquets and sweet little kisses to Vladimir Putin and his Russian regime. Is this worth looking into? You bet it is.  This week we made a leap of faith right here in the Senate. We have decided to give to the Intelligence Committee of the Senate the authority to move forward on this investigation. I reluctantly agreed to that approach. I am skeptical. I will tell you why I am skeptical. I served on the Intelligence Committee. It is a critically important committee, but the Intelligence Committee, 95 percent of the time, meets behind closed doors in a secret space without a sign on the door, and the proceedings of the Intelligence Committee necessarily are secret. This is not an issue that should be kept secret. We need to make sure the American public understands in an independent and transparent way exactly what happened when it came to the Russian involvement in America's election, who was involved in the Trump campaign, if anyone. We need names, and we need people to be held responsible.  The second thing is, the Intelligence Committee--if and when it finally issues a report, that report is going to be classified to some extent. We have seen pages, I am sure, of redacted materials, big black lines and maybe one or two words emerging from a single page. Who decides to take away the black lines and tell the American people exactly what they found? The ultimate decision on declassifying documents in the Intelligence Committee is made by the White House.  So here is the White House, President Trump and his people under investigation by the Intelligence Committee, and they have the last word about what the American people will see. Isn't it interesting--when it came to the investigation of Benghazi with Hillary Clinton, when it came to the investigation of emails with Hillary Clinton, the Republicans couldn't wait to have week after week and month after month of public hearings. Now they want a secret hearing in the Senate Intelligence Committee and no hearing in the House Intelligence Committee. It is a big ``shrug your shoulders; boys will be boys'' moment for the Republicans in control of the Congress. It shouldn't be for the American people. The American people have a right to know what the Russians did, and they have a right to know if and when members of the Trump campaign or his close associates were engaged and involved in what he has dismissed as a ruse. Seventeen intelligence agencies don't dismiss it.  We need an independent, transparent investigation of what happened. The American people have a right to know. And we ought to say to this President: You may conceal your income tax returns, unlike any other Presidential candidate in modern memory, but you cannot conceal from the American people the facts as to whether the Russians were attempting a cyber attack on the United States during the course of our last election. That is too critical a question to ignore.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Capito). The Senator from Maine.  