I come to the floor to urge my colleagues to support this emergency supplemental request to address the humanitarian cry on our southern border.  It aims to save lives and health. All people of conscience know it is urgently needed. These funds are vital to ensure the health and safety of these migrant refugees and migrant children.  A record number of desperate families and unaccompanied children have crossed into the United States, and our Border Patrol, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and Office of Refugee Resettlement are simply overwhelmed.  Just this week, we learned that four toddlers being held in a Border Patrolstation in McAllen, Texas, had to be hospitalized because of dangerous neglect.  The AP reported last week that children have been locked up in Border Patrol facilities for as many as 27 days without adequate food, water, and sanitation, for heaven's sake.  This administration has failed to provide detained children with soap, toothbrushes, toothpaste, and beds, and it doesn't have the resources to adequately address flu and lice epidemics in these facilities.  News reports say children are caring for other children. Five children have died in Customs and Border Protection custody since late last year.  The situation is getting worse. Our Nation needs a comprehensive and continental diplomatic solution that acknowledges the economic and political conditions pushing Central American and Mexican communities to the brink. The only option, in desperation, for these people is to flee north.  We need comprehensive immigration reform that respects all continental laborers and migrants. President John F. Kennedy had a name for it. He called it the Alliance for Progress.  Today, this Congress must meet the immediate need to provide financial support to end the humanitarian neglect confronting these travel-weary migrants.  This $4.5 billion emergency spending will provide adequate support for key priorities, including legal assistance, food, water, medical services, support services for unaccompanied children, alternatives to detention, and refugee services.  