Henry ``Ross'' Perot, of Texarcana, Texas.  When I learned of Ross Perot's passing this summer, I was saddened by the loss of a passionate and determined American patriot.  Ross Perot was a one of a kind American. His swashbuckling, Texas vintage and `can do' spirit was irrepressible. He lived the life he chose full steam ahead. His life of service was attributed to the love that he had for our great nation, and for that of his fellow service members who make the most honorable sacrifice to serve in our armed forces. He exhibited fierce loyalty to his family and friends, and his love of our nation was encapsulated in his famous catchphrase, ``It's just that simple.'' On this Veteran's Day, let us remember and honor Ross' military career as a Naval Officer, and the thousands upon thousands of people and institutions he helped throughout his life--most often privately with no fanfare.  From a young age Ross strove for excellence. At twelve years old he joined the Boy Scouts of America, and within a year of joining he achieved the rank of Eagle Scout. This is the most prestigious title achieved by very few young men who participate in the program, which develops character and a strong foundation toward a life in public service.  A proud and grateful graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis, Class of 1949, Ross served as a Lieutenant (j.g.) in the Navy for four years. While at the Academy, Ross was elected Student Body President, and also aided in the development of its honor system. He was assigned to the destroyer USS Sigourney (DD-643), and was then later reassigned to the aircraft carrier USS Leyte (CVS-32).  Ross was also an agent of action and gave tremendous support to veteran's organizations such as the Vietnam Prisoners of War, and the Son Tay Raiders. He most notably advocated for the hundreds of former war prisoners left behind at the end of the Vietnam war. Exhibiting the mantra of ``no man left behind,'' Ross fought to alleviate the afflictions of his brothers and strove to provide them with better nourishment and medical treatment. He was truly a beacon of light at a time of utter darkness for so many in the military.  A man of fierce determination, Ross lived every day to its fullest. His candidacy in 1992 and 1996 for the presidency of the United States created a thunderbolt in American politics. His founding of the Reform Party brought new issues forward to the public--fair trade was among them with his firm prediction that NAFTA would create a great sucking sound of U.S. jobs outsourced to penny wage nations. That proved correct. Trade deficits with U.S. trade partners have not been balanced since and, on balance, have been increasingly larger every year. He predicted the political thunderbolt this would spawn.  Though many pundits put forth highly critical and piercing commentary regarding this businessman turned presidential candidate, Ross Perot's persistence drew attention to America's diminishing industrial base and the risks posed to the nation's innate strength as to growing U.S. government debt. By the year 2000, his drive had helped move the nation to balance the annual budget and begin paying down its long-term debt. That is, until 9/11. In response to his critics who charged him with being crazy, Ross' answer was to jubilantly dance across the stage with his wife Margot to the great Patsy Cline's love anthem ``Crazy,'' to the sheer delight and spontaneous applause of his audiences.  One cannot reflect on Ross' life without mentioning his astounding business prowess. He established many business ventures and cutting-edge firms such as founding the Electronic Data Systems (EDS), which became a leader in record processing. He also invested in Apple founder Steve Jobs' NeXT computer and software company, which helped shape our current technological age. One of Ross' most impressive ventures was his namesake, Perot Systems. Perot Systems helped streamline record keeping for government, manufacturing, banking, insurance, and most notably health records by digitization and automation. Before being purchased by Dell, Perot grew his business to be a Fortune 1000 company with offices in over 25 countries, with more than 23,000 employees, and annual revenue of $2.8 billion.  His business successes gave way to his unwavering support of private gifts of health and medical support to veterans and civilians, many of whom were strangers. One such instance was the National Medal of Honor Museum, a museum which he donated in an effort to highlight the sacrifice and bravery of American Medal of Honor recipients. His contributions to the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center surpassed $100 million. Perot wanted this funding to be used for the indigent and uninsured, or ill veterans and armed services members. He also donated $2.5 million in seed money to fund research for returned veterans after the Gulf War suffering from neurological symptoms.  As we remember the life of Ross Perot during this Veteran's Day week, we remember his infectious laugh and how he was no one's fool. He will be deeply missed by his friends and family. My thoughts and prayers are with both the Perot and Birmingham families, his wife Margot, their five children Ross Jr., Nancy, Suzanne, Carolyn, Katherine, and their nineteen grandchildren. May his legacy of patriotism and service live on. And may he be granted eternal peace, though I suspect he is already rearranging heaven's accoutrements.