Speaker, yesterday, Russian dictator Vladimir Putin must have been consumed with delight. President Trump chose to invite to the White House Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, the right arm of Vladimir Putin.  The American people should be on red alert, asking themselves what the President has to discuss with a senior leader of an adversary, in a meeting closed to the press and closed to the American people.  Mr. President, what do you have to hide?  Importantly, Mr. Lavrov is the individual that first concocted the Ukraine false narrative on December 1, 2016, that hid Russia's involvement in our elections, blaming it on Ukraine.  It seems that this meeting is a part of a pattern of President Trump's disturbing behavior to cozy up to dictator Putin and his oligarch cronies, many of whom have invested heavily in Trump properties.  Astoundingly, President Trump welcomed Russia's intervention in our 2016 elections, and then he invited Russia back to the Group of Seven.  He shamelessly kowtowed to Putin at the Helsinki Summit.  And additionally, President Trump withheld critical military assistance and a White House meeting from the President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelensky, urging him to investigate false conspiracy theories about President Trump's political opponents here at home.  Meanwhile, the President publicly and continuously derides our closest allies, and questions the value of NATO, for heaven's sake, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the bulwark of our security as free people. And he embraces dictators from around the world.  Yet, again, need I remind the President that Russia seeks to destroy liberty. Putin seeks to destroy critical democratic alliances, forged at great sacrifice, such as NATO, that have brought unprecedented peace, security, and prosperity to the free world, which includes us.  In 2019, Russia illegally invaded the independent nation of Ukraine, leading to already over 14,000 deaths and the displacement of millions. Ukraine is the scrimmage line for liberty in the Transatlantic Alliance. Russia has been working hard to destroy that alliance, which is freedom's bulwark.  Russia has sided with the barbarous Assad regime in Syria, and Russia conducts constant cyberattacks and misinformation campaigns to meddle in democratic processes, including here in our 2016 presidential election; and she is intent to do it again next year.  Simply put, the enemy of liberty will stop at nothing to weaken the United States and our allies.  When the American people elect their President, they expect a leader to champion liberty on the world stage.  The world is watching, and so are our children. How should they interpret the United States rolling out the White House red carpet for corrupt Russian leaders, while freedom-seeking Ukrainian President Zelensky is still waiting for his invitation to the White House?  Indeed, this Lavrov meeting is rather sinister. It comes at a very sensitive time, domestically and internationally. On the eve of the meeting with Mr. Lavrov, Mr. Trump continues to deride our own national security institutions, such as the FBI, whose investigation clearly proved Russia interfered with our 2016 election, and she is on task to do it again.  Mr. Lavrov, himself, invented and directed the totally false narrative that Ukraine interfered in our election, a conspiracy theory spun up by the enemy of democracy himself. By siding with Russia, our President's behavior encourages Russia's malign behavior, while hurting our allies.  Interestingly, this secretive meeting in the Oval Office comes right after the Normandy Format talks in France between Ukraine, Germany, France, and Russia, when President Zelensky successfully withstood Russian pressure. He did not cross any red lines that could suggest capitulation of Ukraine in front of Russian aggression.  And during the Normandy meetings, thousands of freedom-loving Ukrainians showed up on the streets of Kyiv to show their support for President Zelensky and their readiness to defend their beloved motherland.  So, our conclusion is what Russia couldn't achieve through the open channel of diplomacy, it tries to do through the channels behind closed doors here in our own backyard.  Congress must demand full access to the transcript of the meeting between the President of our country and the Foreign Minister of Russia Lavrov.  Free people deserve it.  