 Madam Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 268, the emergency disaster recovery package.  National disasters across our Nation devastated the lives of millions of Americans this past year. A few ranked as the worst and most severe incidents around the world.  It is the top responsibility of Congress to provide these hard-hit communities with the strength, hope, and support to recover. This supplemental will provide necessary aid to these ailing communities.  This Nation needs a better strategy to mitigate damage in future disasters, especially as year after year we see accelerating numbers and severity of national disasters due to climate change. This bill also includes funds for future mitigation.  From our subcommittee's energy and water accounts, we have seen recent hurricanes and storms devastate existing infrastructure. Included in this supplemental is $470 million to repair damages at Army Corps of Engineer projects across our Nation.  Given the Corps' important role to help protect communities nationwide and in the territories against national disasters, we also included $750 million for the Army Corps to accelerate construction on flood risk mitigation projects.  Americans should not have to worry whether their community can provide adequate power to our homes and businesses, but across our Nation, fire- and flood-ravaged communities need funds to repair extensive damage and to strengthen electric grids. This bill ensures the Department of the Interior and Department of Energy have the resources needed for this assistance.  Now, let me be clear. This administration has considered reprogramming funds appropriated for disaster recovery projects. These funds are appropriated to rebuild and strengthen America's resiliency against future disasters. They are intended to protect American families and communities from natural disasters.  I am actually appalled that this administration would raid money for communities broken from actual disasters.  The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.  