 It is really unfortunate that the Republican flat Earth faction is at it again. This amendment tells the agencies funded in this bill to ignore the latest climate change science. Astoundingly, the amendment denies that carbon pollution is harmful. Wow.  According to this amendment, there is zero cost of carbon pollution. That is denial at its worst. Ask any power plant operator who is retired who contracted emphysema because of their work on those power plants--and these people exist in our society if they haven't died already--or heavy truck diesel mechanics who worked on retooling engines when those fumes were in the garages when they gave their lives to the public sector and they now have COPD, pulmonary disease.  This amendment is tantamount to saying that pollution caused climate change, has no cost, and no one will ever get hurt. That is simply not true.  Tell the American citizens who lost businesses, homes, and loved ones to hurricanes, wildfires, and other recent natural disasters, and those who continue to face unrelenting flooding in the Midwest that there are no costs from climate change.  In the latest National Climate Assessment, our Nation's leading climate scientists reiterated what we have known for years: Climate change is real. It is evidenced by the climate-related indicators we have observed, including longer seasons, extreme drought, flooding, sea level rise, and more violent storms.  This amendment tells agencies funded in this bill to ignore reality and these scientific findings. This is not only irresponsible, but a blatant disregard to the well-being and security of this Nation and our people, whom we are sworn to protect and defend.  The truth is that climate change is having catastrophic social and economic impacts here in the United States and across our globe. These are real. Ask the nearest farmer--and I just have been with them this past week--who can't plant their fields in the Midwest. And those who are less fortunate face the heaviest impact.  Now is not the time. In fact, that group of citizens who live in the ninth ward in New Orleans below sea level comes to mind. Now is not the time to pretend that extreme weather events, rising seas, and more frequent storms do not have a cost.  Before the Trump administration abandoned common sense, the social cost of carbon was a very conservative calculation. The full costs of a rapidly changing climate are almost certainly significantly higher, but measuring the social cost of carbon is a much better way than believing the costs are zero. Unfortunately, that is what this amendment would require the government to assume: zero harm and zero cost from carbon pollution and climate change.  Pretending that climate change doesn't exist won't make it go away. I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment.  Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.  