I thank Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member Granger for bringing these important measures to the floor.  The Energy and Water division of this bill makes critical investments in energy and water systems to sustain life on Earth, to combat climate change, to build public water infrastructure, and to invest in nuclear security.  I sincerely thank our ranking member, Mr. Simpson, who has been a truly constructive, able, and amiable partner in these efforts.  I thank our subcommittee staff, these young, gifted, patriotic Americans who have worked so hard to put this bill together: Jaime Shimek, Angie Giancarlo, Scott McKee, Farouk Ophaso, Mark Arnone, Mike Brain, and Marcel Caldwell.  Our bill rejects the President's short-sighted proposed cuts that would harm our Nation's interests for both today and tomorrow. Instead, our bill invests in the future to meet serious national priorities.  Addressing the needs of the future both economically and environmentally requires that our Nation be at the forefront of global innovation. The Energy and Water division of this bill moves our Nation forward on that vital front.  Further, American companies require advanced means to produce and ship goods efficiently in a highly competitive and uneven global marketplace. We seek to advantage them.  Finally, ensuring water and electricity for millions of Americans seems fundamental, but there are weighty new challenges. We provide additional support to meeting those priorities.  We achieve this by providing $7.65 billion for the Army Corps of Engineers, $652 billion above 2019, likely our Nation's premier infrastructure bill for 2020.  We provide $1.66 billion for the Bureau of Reclamation, $110 million above 2019, for the desertification of Western States.  We provide $38.6 billion for the Department of Energy, $2.9 billion above 2019. Within the DOE, Department of Energy, we responsibly fund our Nation's nuclear deterrent while providing a significant boost for vital nonproliferation efforts.  Our bill increases the Department of Energy's Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy program; ARPA-E, the advanced research programs; and the Office of Science to sharpen America's edge to invent the future and to ensure our Nation's energy leadership, security, and independence for generations to come, as all of our research labs, both public and private, across our country are being hacked constantly by those that seek to steal our patents and our innovation.  