The gentleman is from Indiana. I am from Ohio. I think both of us have seen individuals that we represent go off to war. How many wars have we gotten into over the issue of oil and the oil supply of the globe?  The Department of Energy has been inventing the future to a point where now, we are 90 percent self-sufficient inside the boundaries of this country. This department helps to invent the future and helps America be more secure. Every one of us has some sense of what is happening with cyberattacks in our energy systems.  Over the weekend, a major retailer, Target, for whatever reason, all the cash registers went dead around the country. Was it just a satellite problem? Was it an attack by a foreign aggressor? I simply don't know. But I know this department isn't a place where we should be cutting.  Climate change, whether one wishes to admit it or not, is going to require a change in our way of life. This department is essential to help us move in that direction in a very organized manner. Every penny counts and every step we take to help the American people be more secure is needed.  This bill funds critical water resource projects and supports science and energy technology. It helps our businesses be more competitive. It funds a credible nuclear deterrent where we have commitments and also nonproliferation, which is important not just to our country, but to the world.  I think the gentleman's amendment will actually harm all of these fronts and reduce protections against what the American people are facing from coast to coast right now.  I think that the gentleman's objectives on balancing the budget are correct, but I don't think it should be taken out of the hide of these programs. There are other ways to do that--some of the giveaways to the billionaire class in this country who have had the privilege of living a good life and earning a great deal of money in this country. Everybody has got to pitch in. But I don't think where we are inventing the future and helping the American people become more secure in our way of life is the place to hack away.  I urge a continued investment in these areas for purposes of our national security and to remain a global leader in energy, water, and science. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment.  I reserve the balance of my time.  