Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, the chairman, Mr. Conyers, for bringing this resolution to the floor, and I want to thank Mr. Poe for his support for this resolution. The two gentlemen are right.  Fifty years ago today, a brave African American, a 6-year-old girl, young Ruby Bridges, walked bravely to the doors of the previously all-white William Frantz Elementary School in New Orleans, Louisiana.  It was not your typical first day of school. This little girl walked to her new school with her mother and armed Federal agents. She was not met with the smiles of schoolyard friends. She was met with screaming, angry mobs of people who did not want her to be there. In protest, parents withdrew every other student from her class. The only remaining teacher, Mrs. Barbara Henry, attended school each and every day to teach young Ruby.  Ruby Bridges was born the year that the United States Supreme Court handed down the historic Brown v. Board of Education decision. They struck down the doctrine of ``separate but equal'' schools. Yet, 6 years after that historic decision, Louisiana and much of the South had yet to make Brown's promise of equality a reality. It took courage, nothing but the raw courage of a little girl, to integrate the schools in Louisiana. In the face of verbal abuse, threats, and unveiled hatred, Ruby Bridges learned to drown out the shouts with her prayers.  Little did she know on that first day of school 50 years ago that her image, immortalized in the painting of Norman Rockwell, would symbolize the end of segregation in schools.  Her story is the story of our Nation. She paved the way for integrated public schools all across the United States.  Today, Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to pause and recognize the 50th anniversary of Ruby Bridges' courageous walk to school. I encourage all of my colleagues and all Americans to reflect on the historic Brown decision and importance of desegregating of schools. I ask all of my colleagues to support this resolution and recommit ourselves to equality in education for all Americans.  