Chairman, clearly the issue that has been the focus of the debate is one of the most wrenching confronting America. Contrary to a representation made by the gentleman from California just now, the majority of Americans, as everybody on this floor knows, support the right to choose, even though they do not choose abortion themselves. The bottom line is they do not want the Government to interject itself in this issue between a woman and her doctor.  Furthermore, everybody knows that almost every State does in fact control abortion on demand, as the Supreme Court allowed, and says in the second trimester and third trimester there will be constraints to protect both the life of the mother and the prospective child who is born. I support that.  But the fact of the matter is, which the opponents of this amendment have not responded to and cannot respond to, that the salaries we pay to Federal employees are 100 percent Federal dollars, as is the 72 percent, which is 100 percent of our contribution to the Federal Employee Health Benefit Plan.  There is no difference between those dollars, except the opponents to my amendment try to make the point that somehow these are Federal dollars, while the salary dollars somehow are converted. I believe they are converted, but the next step clearly is to tell you you cannot spend your Federal salary, which, after all, comes 100 percent from the taxpayer, on the items that you choose. That is wrong. That is Big Brother. Support this amendment.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chairman, I rise to urge all my colleagues to support the Hoyer Lowey Morella amendment to strike this bill's provision that bans abortion services under Federal Employee Health Plans.  Federal workers--like private sector employees--share the cost of health insurance coverage with their employer. It is an earned benefit--compensation for service delivered through hard work. By denying the full range of reproductive health care services, Federal workers and their dependents, are subjected to second-rate health care--inferior health care that could place the health of women in jeopardy.  The bill before us represents the continuation of the majority's outrageous attack on women in this country.  I say to opponents of this amendment, ``women are not the enemy''. I urge my colleagues to protect the health of the 1.2 million women who are covered under Federal health plans. Vote for the Hoyer-Lowey-Morella amendment.  