Chairman, this is about our children and it is about trust. Unfortunately, we are not being as honest with the American public as we ought to be.  In 1981 we talked about supply-side economics. We passed the Republican program in 1981. I say to my Republican colleagues that we passed it as they wanted to pass it and President Reagan signed it in August 1981. He said, after passing the tax bill as well, ``We will balance the budget by October 1, 1983, under my program.''  That is what was said to the American public and to this House. This is what happened. We went from $945 billion in total debt, I tell the chairman of the Committee on the Budget, to $4.5 trillion in debt. Why? Because we pursued the same kind of economic program that is included in the Republican budget today. The same kind. It is a supply-side budget which created gargantuan debt for the grandchildren and children that we talk on this floor.  Yes, it is about trust, and there is a responsible budget to be offered to this House, the coalition budget, which is a bipartisan budget that creates $137.5 billion less in debt. Why? Because it is honest with the American public, and says if we are going to buy education and environmental protection and health care, we need to pay for it, not so our children pay for it.  Let us not pursue supply-side economics once again to the detriment of future generations.  I rise to join my colleagues in expressing my deep concern about the nearly $124 billion of tax breaks for the wealthy included in the Republican leadership's budget proposal.  I am a strong supporter of adding a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution and believe that we must get our fiscal house in order before we cut revenue.  The alternative budget proposed by members of the Democratic coalition and the distinguished ranking member of the Budget Committee is a responsible and genuine way to balance our budget.  By delaying tax breaks until 2002 when the budget would be balanced, the plan allows continued investment in our future.  The coalition plan provides $21 billion more for Medicare.  It includes $45 billion more than the Republican budget for education, head start, and job training.  It provides $14 billion more than the Republican plan for basic scientific research, such as NASA and its mission to Planet Earth Program, as well as energy conservation.  And I am especially pleased that the coalition does not include the unwise and unfair cuts in Federal employee benefits that are again in the Republican plan.  There is a sensible, real, CBO-scored way to balance our budget in 7 years. It does so without compromising investment in America's future and I urge every Member to support it.  Then, in 2002, when our fiscal house is in order, this Congress can approve tax reductions for all Americans-including the middle class and the poor who would be so devastated by the Republican proposal before us.  I urge a ``no'' vote on the Republican proposal and a ``yes'' vote on the coalition alternative.  