Chairman, I agree with the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Hall]. This bill does not serve the space program well, and I therefore rise in strong opposition to this science bill.  Here we are once again fighting dramatic and excessive cuts in important programs, cuts that will, I think, be flawed and misguided if we adopt them.  The bill includes a $374 million reduction for NASA's Mission to Planet Earth.  This equates to a 27-percent cut to the Earth observing system, the centerpiece of Mission to Planet Earth and NASA's contribution to the global effort to understand the Earth's climate. The science bill is a meat cleaver approach, in my opinion, and if Mission to Planet Earth is to remain viable, it cannot sustain these types of dramatic cuts.  Mission to Planet Earth is an evolving program, and these cuts would be devastating. We should not walk away from our national commitment to a better understanding of our environment.  This program is part of a substantial international effort. These cuts dramatically reduce our role in this cooperative structure and send the wrong message to our partners overseas. This should not be a partisan issue. President's Reagan and Bush both supported the program, and President Clinton counts Mission to Plant Earth as one of his top science priorities. Moreover, the scientific community has continued to validate the integrity of the program.  Therefore, as I said, we should not walk away from our commitment to Mission to Planet Earth for it is our investment today that will reap innumerable and long lasting benefits for future generations.  Mr. Chairman, the previous speaker from Texas indicated that this had been a bipartisan effort in the past. It ought to be a bipartisan issue in the future.  Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition to the bill and support of the substitute to be offered by the gentleman from California and thank the gentleman for the time.  Mr. Chairman, despite my strong opposition to this bill, I would be remiss as the cochair of the Congressional Fire Services Caucus, if I did not say that I am pleased the bill authorizes funds for the academy, equal to the President's request. This is a worthwhile investment in our Nation's fire safety and emergency medical activities. It provides the American people with the finest public education in fire prevention and control.  Again, I want to reiterate my strong opposition to the Civilian Science Authorization Act for fiscal year 1997. I believe the bill unfairly targets the Mission to Planet Earth Program. I want to express my strong disappointment with the committee's decision to reduce funding for this important scientific program which is crucial to a better understanding of the world in which we all live.  The bill includes a $374 million cut for NASA's Mission to Planet Earth. This equates to a 27-percent cut to the Earth Observing System [EOS], which is the centerpiece of NASA's contribution to the global effort to the understand how the Earth's climate works.  In 1990, President Bush, building upon the recommendations of the Reagan administration, recognized the importance of understanding the Earth's climate when he established the U.S. Global Change Research Program [USGCRP]. This program serves as our country's contribution to an international effort to develop the first integrated understanding of the Earth's processes and their effect on global climate change using remotely sensed and surface based data.  The cuts adopted by the Science Committee unfairly target three components of EOS and will put our country in a position of being unable to obtain and maintain our international contribution to this vital program. The bill would essentially eliminate the EOS-PM spacecraft, EOS CHEM spacecraft, and lessen the capability of the EOS data information system. These three programs are critical to the viability of the program.  The EOS-PM spacecraft is designed to enable fundamental advances in understanding the processes that govern weather and other climate phenomena. Over half of the critical measurements planned for all of EOS are included as part of this spacecraft. According to Dr. John Christy and Dr. Richard McNider of the Earth system laboratory at the University of Alabama, natural variations in the world's climate are real and have significant economic impact. Our current knowledge of the Earth's climate system is terribly inadequate. The Nation's present global change program is an appropriate place to begin to understand the Earth's climate system.  The EOS-CHEM spacecraft will improve our understanding of pollution and the ozone processes. This is critical at a time when increasing amounts of global pollution are coming from nations other than the United States with profound regional and global effects. It is important that we have a better understanding of how and why this occurs, so we can do what is necessary to get this situation under control.  The EOS data information system provides the means for controlling the satellites, processing data from the satellites into a usable form, storing and distributing that data to researchers and other users, and enabling data analysis. EOSDIS is the means by which NASA will transmit useful information to a variety of users. The program is currently on schedule and set to become operational in 1997. A 50-percent cut to this program would be devastating. A reduction of this magnitude will hinder our ability to control the orbits of the EOS satellites, schedule and maintain measurements of the instruments, and process store, and distribute the data. The benefits of the EOSDIS systems are enormous. It will establish for the first time an integrated, online, electronic library of geography based telemetry, synthetic aperture radar, and Landsat imagery. Moreover, NASA estimates that in addition to supporting Mission to Planet Earth scientists, EOSDIS will be used by thousandsof other scientists around the world, other researchers, and government officials. In addition, as the program continues to develop, it will eventually serve many commercial purposes.  In 1991, the EOS Program had an estimated 15-year budget of $18 billion. In just 5 years, the program has been significantly reduced and is now a $7 billion program. These decreases have resulted in fewer instruments, fewer measurements, and the elimination of vital areas of scientific research. NASA has shown its ability to cut the program over 60 percent without compromising the integrity and future of the program. NASA has also indicated a willingness to further reduce the costs of the program by incorporating new technology and strengthening partnerships with commercial, agency, and international partners.  In addition to the cuts in Mission to Planet Earth, the bill undermines the ability of NASA to carry out its functions by reducing the level of funding for salaries and expenses. The cut of $81.5 million is not well thought out and will have devastating impact on all NASA centers. The net result will be either a NASA reduction in force totaling 1,400 employees by October 1, 1996 or an agencywide furlough for 12 to 14 days. This is unacceptable for one of the world's premiere science and technologically advanced institutions. NASA is already reducing its staff level to meet its zero based review. The levels they have achieved allow them to adequately meet the daily requirements necessary to efficiently carry out their operations. This is an unwise decision and it ought to be rejected.  I urge my colleagues to reject this bill and to support the Brown substitute which is a better investment for our country and which will allow these important scientific programs to meet their mission.  