Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding this time to me, and I rise in very strong support of this amendment.  Earlier in this debate today I quoted from ``A Nation at Risk,'' issued in 1983 by the Reagan Department of Education. In that report they said this:       History is not kind to idlers. The time is long past when      America's destiny was assured simply by an abundance of      natural resources and inexhaustible human enthusiasm. We live      among determined, well-educated and strongly motivated      competitors. America's position in the world may once have      been reasonably secure with only a few exceptionally well-     trained men and women. It is no longer.  That is what this amendment is about.  I voted for a budget which balanced the budget by 2002. It cut $137 billion more from the debt that will be incurred over the next 6 years, and it provided for $45 billion more for education than the Republican alternative.  My colleagues, this amendment adds $1 billion to education in 1997 far short of the additional $6 billion in the Coalition budget.  The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Obey] mentioned a little earlier that there will be, over these years for which we budget, 3,410,000 additional students in our schools. Next year, there will be more students in America's schools than at any time before in history.  The gentleman from Florida [Mr. Mica] and I had a debate about adding $20 million to title I. He said that was important, to put money on the ground in schools for kids that needed help. The gentleman from Florida ought to be very enthusiastic about this amendment, and I presume he will vote for it.  The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Deal] offered an amendment to cut management and add $1 million to title I. That would not be noticed, of course, by the State of Georgia or any other State when we spread that among the school districts of this country. This amendment gives the gentleman from Georgia the opportunity to add $450 million to title I. Now, that is an important thing to do because what the chairman's bill does without this amendment is to take down the number of students that will be served in 1997 from the 6.8 million who receive them today to 6.6 million next year. That is 200,000 students that will not be served.  This amendment will add next year an additional 150,000 students over those provided for in the bill. Why is that important? Because under title I today, my colleagues, we serve only 53 percent of those students who are eligible. What does title I try to do? It triesto take those students who are educationally and economically and culturally deprived and tries to make sure that they will be able to be participants in growing our economy and increasing the quality of our society.  This is not a esoteric or intellectual interest. This is a real interest for my children and the children of families across America.  This is a families first, children first amendment. That is why this amendment should be improved. If we do not pass this amendment, and we support the chairman's bill--and I might say the chairman was constrained by the 602(b), that is to say, the money he had available--we will cut from 53 percent of the young people served to 42 percent. That is 11-percent fewer children served in America in programs that the Reagan administration supported, the Bush administration supported, and the Clinton administration supported, to lift kids up, to educate them and make them full participants in our society.  Furthermore, this amendment adds $70 million to Head Start to serve 15,000 additional children, 15,000 additional children. We talk a lot about being concerned about one life, the ability to make one life better, more able to understand and to participate in and be advantaged by education. One life. This is 15,000 additional children and additional families, additional moms who want to see their children have a seat in Head Start, not to hear, ``No, there is no more room.''  This amendment also adds $250 million, as the gentleman from Michigan indicated, to Goals 2000 to provide for better quality education in America.  My colleagues, this was called a gimmick by the chairman of our committee. Let me point out that the Committee on the Budget has interposed no objection to this process.  Let me repeat to my colleagues, the Committee on the Budget has interposed no objection to this policy. As a result, my colleagues in this House, we are giving an opportunity to raise an additional billion dollars for educating kids to help families in America, which is what we all say we want to do. And we do that consistent with what the Committee on the Budget has approved within the framework of our numbers.  Mr. Chairman, I hope when the role is called on this amendment, my colleagues will vote ``yes'' for children, ``yes'' for families, ``yes'' for America.  