Speaker, I rise in support of the bill.  America's welfare system is at odds with the core values Americans believe in: Responsibility, work, opportunity, and family. Instead of rewarding and encouraging work, it does little to help people find jobs, and penalizes those who go to work. Instead of strengthening families and instilling personal responsibility, the system penalizes two-parent families, and lets too many absent parents off the hook.  Instead of promoting self-sufficiency, the culture of welfare offices seems to create an expectation of dependence rather than independence. And the very ones who hate being on welfare are desperately trying to escape it.  As a society we cannot afford a social welfare system without obligations. In order for welfare reform to be successful, individuals must accept the responsibility of working and providing for their families. In the instances where benefits are provided, they must be tied to obligations. We must invest our resources on those who value work and responsibility. Moreover, we must support strict requirements which move people from dependence to independence. Granting rights without demanding responsibility is unacceptable.  The current system undermines personal responsibility, destroys self-respect and initiative, and fails to move able-bodied people from welfare to work. Therefore, a complete overhaul of the welfare system is long overdue. We must create a different kind of social safety net which will uphold the values our current system destroys. It must require work, and it must demand responsibility.  Today, the House will take a historic step as it moves toward approving a welfare reform conference report which takes significant steps to end welfare as we know it. The bill is not perfect. But, at the insistence of the President and congressional Democrats, significant improvements to require work and protect children have been made. It is because of these important changes that I will vote in favor of this bill.  This bill requires all recipients to work within 2 years of receiving benefits. The bill requires teen parents to live at home or in a supervised setting, and teaches responsibility by requiring school or training attendance as a condition of receiving assistance.  When the House Ways and Means Committee marked up its first welfare bill 1\1/2\ years ago, Democrats proposed an amendment to exempt mothers of young children from work requirements if they had no safe place for their children to stay during the day. The amendment was defeated by a unanimous Republican vote. I am pleased that the conference report prohibits States from penalizing mothers of children under 6 if they cannot work because they cannot find child care.  A year and a half ago, Ways and Means Committee Republicans defeated Democratic amendments to strengthen child support enforcement provisions, because committee Republicans felt those sanctions were ``too hard'' on deadbeat dads. I am pleased that this conference report includes every provision in the President's child support enforcement proposal, the toughest crackdown on deadbeat parents in history.  A year and a half ago, the Republican welfare bill included a child nutrition block grant that would have caused thousands of children in Maryland to lose school lunches--for some of those children, the only meal they would receive in a day. I am pleased that the conference report maintains the guarantee of school meals for our neediest kids.  As recently as last week, the House Republican bill eliminated the guarantee of food stamps for poor children and assistance for children who had been neglected or abused. I am pleased that this bill prohibits the block grants which dismantle food stamp and child protection assistance.  Like many Americans, I continue to have concerns about some of the provisions in this bill. We must be certain that both the Federal and State governments live up to their responsibilities to protect children who may lose assistance through no fault of their own. We must make sure that legal immigrants, who have paid taxes and in some cases defended the United States in our armed services, are not abandoned in their hour of need. And it is not enough to move people off of welfare--we must move them into jobs that make them self-sufficient and contributing members of society.  This bill supports the American values of work and personal responsibility. It has moved significantly in the direction of the welfare reform proposals made by Congressman Deal and Congressmen Tanner and Castle, both of which I supported. I applaud this important step to end welfare as we know it, and intend to vote in favor of this bill.  