Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding time, and I rise in opposition to this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, there has been a continuing effort to, I think, precipitously reduce the FTE'S at GPO. Very frankly, it is my feeling that, until it is reduced to zero, that the gentleman from Wisconsin and the gentlewoman from Washington State will continue to offer amendments to reduce it. I understand that. That may not be completely accurate, but that is my sense.  This reduces an additional 100 FTE's. This amendment, in my opinion, does not take into account the hard work that continues to occur at the GPO to downsize its work force. I think they have gotten the message--in a manner, however, that is consistent with the requirements placed on it by Congress. That is the key. Consistent with the requirements placed on it, not by some third party, but by Congress itself.  There is a point, Mr. Chairman, when the essential demands of the House and the Senate to put a Record of word-for-word proceedings on the desk of each Representative and Senator the next morning and, frankly, at the request of every citizen in our country, to print the Federal Register in a timely fashion, to print bills for committees and subcommittees, there is a point when this kind of reduction in personnel will cause the GPO to become unable to react satisfactorily.  Since 1993, the GPO has reduced its work force by over 1,000 persons. This is not an agency that is growing or is bloated. It is an agency that has been reduced, and the gentleman from California [Mr. Packard] and the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Thorntion] have reduced it further by an additional 50 in this bill.  The Committee on Appropriations in this bill has already adopted, as I say, the reductions after examining the process carefully; and the GPO management has a program to continue downsizing its work force in a managed framework.  I know that the gentleman from California [Mr. Packard], because I have been at some of his hearings, is keenly aware of the questions arising by GPO's activities and is looking at it very closely.  I submit that this additional FTE cut will make the process of downsizingeven more difficult for the GPO and should not be adopted.  This amendment attempts to micromanage the Government Printing Office by an arbitrary reduction of its work force. That is no way to run a very successful printing operation on which the Congress depends heavily and on which the American public depends.  I would urge that this amendment be defeated, Mr. Chairman, and for the House to permit GPO to continue its orderly program of downsizing.  Why is that important? It is important, first of all, because we have people that we have asked to perform duties for the Congress and for the American public.  If management is given a figure to reduce to, they can effect that if you give them sufficient time to let attrition and a change in the undertakings, the responsibilities of that agency, to occur. If, however, you do it precipitously, there is no alternative but to RIF people. As everybody knows, a reduction in force under the Federal work rules is a very costly endeavor indeed, which is why even in the private sector they try to avoid that if at all possible.  Mr. Chairman, I would hope that the House would support the action of the committee which has already reduced based upon its judgment of what can be done within the time frame available in the fiscal year 1997 budget. I commend the committee for its actions, and I would hope that they would be sustained by the House.  