Chairman, I rise to express my very serious concerns about the funding levels for Superfund, section 8 housing vouchers, and space sciences in this bill. Once again, the appropriations priorities of this majority are shortchanging America's communities by underfunding efforts to clean up our environment, provide safe housing for our seniors and poor children, and make our neighborhoods better places to live.  I am particularly concerned by the cuts to Mission to Planet Earth, a critical NASA program which has great potential for helping predict weather and climate. The ability to better predict natural disasters will save both money and lives. Moreover, our capability to forecast up to a year in advance will yield tremendous benefits for agricultural and natural resources productivity.  The subcommittee's mark includes $1.149 billion for Mission to Planet Earth. Regrettably, this is a reduction of $220 million from the President's budget request. If the allocation for this appropriations measure was not so constrained, I would offer an amendment to add that $220 million to the bill before us. NASA, through internal efforts, has already greatly reduced the Mission to Planet Earth budget.Further reductions could cause serious delays in the weather measurements and the Earth observing system. Cuts could also affect NASA's agreements with the United Kingdom, Japan, Brazil, and France--all partners in the EOS system.  Goddard Space Flight Center is NASA's lead center for these efforts and has an extraordinary reputation for Earth science studies. I have had the chance to visit with the scientists working on this program and I can tell you that their work is outstanding. Our understanding of the Earth as an integrated system is far from complete. Mission to Planet Earth and EOS will produce both practical benefits and long-term understanding of the environment.  Mr. Chairman, I strongly believe that it is in the best interests of our country and, indeed, of mankind, to fully fund Mission to Planet Earth and I urge the committee to work to accomplish that objective as this bill moves through the legislative process.  