Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise on behalf of this amendment, as I just said. I think it is a recognition by the committee, which I support, of the appropriateness of the organization being constructed by General McCaffrey. I would say to myfriend, the chairman, that the Office of National Drug Control Policy, created by the Congress for the purposes of overseeing and coordinating our fight against drugs, is a critically important office. The scourge of drugs that invades our community and undermines the health of our people and puts at risk our children is a very high priority for the country to combat, and, if at all possible, eliminate.  I would say to my friend, the gentleman from Iowa, that he misperceives, I think, what the Office of National Drug Control Policy is all about. In his comments with reference to the personnel here, he suggests that we have a lot of people who are not policy people. Perhaps he believes this is top-heavy, as I think one of his contentions was.  But we must remember what this office is. This adds $2.5 million, but Mr. Chairman, we spend somewhere in the neighborhood of $11 billion to $13 billion on the drug fighting program in America. I do not have the figure off the of my head, but it is billions and billions and billions of dollars, and thousands and thousands and thousands of people.  We knew that Justice, with the DEA, we knew that Treasury, with Customs, ATF, other law enforcement agencies, including even Secret Service, FINCEN on money laundering, FBI back in Justice, the Health and Human Services agency in terms of drug rehabilitation and other efforts to try to combat the demand side of this cancer that afflicts America, we knew there were an awful lot of agencies involved in this fight against drugs. The drug office, the Office of National Drug Control Policy, was created to oversee and organize this battle.  The 154 people is a drop in the bucket, an infinitesimal amount of the number of people who are engaged in this battle against drugs.  I said in my opening statement that General McCaffrey could not have been, in my opinion, a better selection by the President of the United States, President Clinton. The organizational structure that he presented to the committee and to all of us was one that said ``I want to get a handle on what we are doing'', for exactly the reason that he was selected, because he is used to being the head of an effort to combat an enemy that would destroy us, and to bring together the disparate elements into a unified, victorious, successful force.  I suggest to my friend, the chairman, that is what this is about. I am very pleased, as I said, Mr. Chairman, that the chairman of the subcommittee's amendment will effect the adoption of General McCaffrey's proposal. I think that was good policy when it was proposed. I think it is good policy now. I am pleased, Mr. Chairman, to join the chairman, the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Lightfoot], in the support of General McCaffrey's proposal.  