 Mr. Speaker, I want to first say to my very close friend and colleague from Maryland, Mr. Gilchrest, who chairs the subcommittee that is reporting these bills to the floor, I want to thank him for his efforts not only this year but in the past to shepherd this bill to the floor so that it could be passed in a timely way, so that the negotiations necessary to effect a successful running of the Soap Box Derby could be accomplished. I also want to thank my friend from Minnesota to whom I refer as the chairman in exile, the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Oberstar.  Mr. Speaker, my comments would have echoed that which the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Gilchrest] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mascara] have already said. This is to be the 55th running of the Soap Box Derby.  For those of us who have lived in the Washington metropolitan area for a long period of time, we know that for a period of time this was run on the hill on Pennsylvania Avenue just after you get to Branch Avenue if you are going out of town, before it if you are coming into town. It came a time when that was no longer feasible and appropriate, and in fact where they were not getting the attendance that was necessary to make this a successful event.  It is, I think, very appropriate that we authorize the use of Constitution Avenue under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Capitol for this purpose. Is there anything more American than the Soap Box Derby? Young people being asked to use their own talents, their own initiative, their own inventiveness in coming to grips with a problem. That is, how to get a vehicle that is not powered by a motor down a hill faster than another vehicle.  As has been stated, these young people learn a lot about aerodynamics, about engineering, and about things that will prove very valuable to them in the future. But more importantly, they learn the traits of self-reliance and competition as well as teamwork, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mascara] and the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Gilchrest] I think both referred to, because they work with others in constructing these cars and in racing these cars.  It is also a celebration, I suggest to my colleagues, in most instances of family, because although these cars are built by the youngsters themselves, I would be surprised if they did not ask dad or even mom for some advice and counsel in the construction of these cars.  The bottom line is, I think it is very appropriate that we have this race on Capitol Hill, this race that, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mascara] has pointed out, is now one of the most successful in the United States. We will have some 55 cars in this region participating, which is a lot more people, of course, than that participating. And so I am very pleased to rise in support of this resolution.  I want to also thank in particular, and there are a number of them and I hesitate to cite one, but I will do so because it was Barry Scher. Barry Scher does governmental relations for Giant Food. Giant Food is one of the great corporations in America and one of the great corporations in the Washington metropolitan area. Giant Food unfortunately and tragically just lost its leader, Izzy Cohen. Izzy Cohen was a close and dear friend of mine, a man of unusual sensitivity to the community. Giant was not only a successful business enterprise, it was and is a successful community citizen, a full participant in the welfare and life of the Washington metropolitan community.  And it was Barry Scher, Wayne, who many years ago said, ``You know, we're sponsoring this and we've all talked and we think the best place in Washington to run this race would be on Capitol Hill. Do you think we can get approval to do that?'' I said, ``I can't see why we would not.''  I then went to the Speaker, who at that point in time was Tom Foley, and said, ``Mr. Speaker, what do you think about this?'' And he said, ``I think this is an excellent idea.'' I think it may have been Jim Howard, but am I correct, Jim? In 1989? I am not? Glenn Anderson. I went to Glenn Anderson from California and talked to him about it. He said, ``Sure, this sounds like a good idea.'' Of course it is sort of like saying do you like apple pie. Who is going to say no?  But the fact of the matter is, ever since we have been passing this resolution, which I think first started in 1990 or 1991, in effecting this race here, it is one of the most successful because this is a terrific setting. It excites the participants, and it is what America ought to be all about.  The tragedy is, very frankly, that on the evening news the day after the race there will not be, perhaps on ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, C-SPAN, whatever, the victors of that race. It will be some other young people who have not performed and not done the things that we would want, some perhaps more dysfunctional behavior.  It is unfortunate that we focus, Mr. Speaker, on the dysfunctional, our television does that to a fault, rather than the positive contributions that millions of young people are making in America. Many of us have been to college or high school graduations. As a matter of fact, my colleague Al Wynn spoke at an elementary school graduation this morning.  The fact of the matter is, this Soap Box Derby is participated in by young people who are a credit to themselves, to their families, their communities, and to our country.  Again, I thank the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Gilchrest], the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mascara], and the members of the committee for bringing this resolution to the floor and seeking its earliest possible passage.  I want to thank Chairman Gilchrest, the ranking member Mr. Traficant, the Transportation Committee, and Mr. Mascara for their continued support of this bill which authorizes the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby.  For the last 5 years, I have sponsored this resolution along with regional Members and sports fans.  The resolution authorizes the Architect of the Capitol, the Capitol Police Board, and the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to negotiate the necessary arrangements for carrying out the running of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby in complete compliance with rules and regulations governing the use of Capitol Grounds.  This year marks the 55th running of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby, and the race is slated for July 13, 1996. Participants ranging from ages 9 to 16 are expected to compete in the early summer race. They come from communities in Maryland, the District of Columbia, and Virginia.  The winners of this local event will represent the Washington metropolitan area in the national race which will be held in Akron, OH, later this year.  The soap box derby provides our young people with an opportunity to gain valuable skills such as engineering and aerodynamics. Furthermore, the derby promotes team work, a strong sense of accomplishment, sportsmanship, leadership, and responsibility. These are positive attributes which participants carry into adulthood.  The young people involved spend many months preparing for this race. The day they actually compete provides them with a sense of achievement and comradery, not only for themselves but also for their families and friends. In addition, this worthwhile event provides the participants, tourists, and local residents with a safe and enjoyable day of activities.  I again want to thank the committee for bringing the bill to the floor and I urge my colleagues to support it.  