 Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 2\1/4\ minutes.  Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer this substitute. I want to say that this substitute does not derogate the comments in any way that the gentleman from Kentucky made. His point was that we ought not to be spending trust fund money on organizing activities or representational activities. In this substitute, we adopt the very same language offered by the gentleman from Kentucky in our sections A and B.  When I say ``we,'' I offer this amendment on behalf of the gentleman from Indiana, Mr. Jacobs, ranking member of the Subcommittee on Social Security of the Committee on Ways and Means, the gentlewoman from Maryland, Mrs. Morella, and the gentlemen from Virginia, Mr. Moran, and Mr. Davis.  In the third paragraph of our substitute, Mr. Chairman, all we do is clarify that the preclusion of expending money for representational purposes out of the trust fund does not mean that we are precluding representation. That is the key of our substitute. I would hope there would be no Member opposed, frankly, to our substitute, because the purpose of the amendment is simply to say that Social Security trust funds or Medicare trust funds will not be used.  We are adopting that premise, and we include the gentleman's language.  Under the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, Federal employees can be granted official time to perform activities that are in the joint interest of the union and the agency.  I ask my colleagues, particularly on the Republican side of the aisle, to understand what I just said. The Federal law in 1978 provides, because, I would suggest, it is consistent with the gentleman's premise under the TEAM Act passed by this House, passed by the Senate, ready to go to the President, and therefore I think our substitute does not undermine it, not only undermine it, does not touch the intention of the gentleman from Kentucky to say no trust funds, but also does not undermine the ability of employees to be represented and to negotiate with their agencies.  