Speaker, the gentleman from Texas says we are asking the wrong question. It is whose pockets it goes into. Good question. Answer: Wholesale prices going down, I tell the gentleman from Texas, retail prices going up. Going up.  I do not know anybody that believes that this is going to be passed directly along to them, and I am surprised the Republicans did not allow us to ensure the fact that it would go in the consumer's pocket, so in fact the pockets of the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Barton, would have a little more in them and all of our folk's pockets would have a little more in them.  This is one of the most patently political pandering proposals I have seen on this floor, period. The gentleman from Texas voted for a constitutional amendment to balance the budget, but he does not want to balance it in any way other than cutting out school lunches, or cutting out student loans, or cutting out health care, apparently. Let us get real.  Not one of you can show in any demonstrable way that this tax had anything to do with raising the gasoline prices, because in fact after we adopted it, guess what? Guess what? Gasoline prices went down, not up.  But guess what did go down? Something did go down: The deficit, ladies and gentlemen, as a result of the 1993 bill, will go down for the fourth year in a row. Never before in this century, I tell the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means, has this been accomplished, not once.  Under the economic program that everybody on the Republican side of the aisle not only opposed, but they said if we adopted it the economy would go essentially south in a hand basket, they said it would drop off the end of the world, that it would be an utter failure, in fact, exactly the opposite has happened. Inflation down, employment up, unemployment down, the stock market up. The economy is doing very well, thank you.  Let us not retreat, which is why the Concord Coalition, one of the most responsible bodies in this country on reducing the deficit, says vote ``no'' on this sham.  I rise to oppose this measure that helps neither consumers nor the future of our Nation.  Despite all the rhetoric of recent days, enactment of this legislation would not reduce the price that all of us pay for gasoline.  Disguised as a pro-consumer measure, this bill is simply an excuse for big oil companies to keep more of their profits.  I regret that the Republican leadership is refusing to allow consideration of provisions that would guarantee that the gas tax repeal goes into the pockets of consumers.  Recent experience confirms that the retail prices that you and I pay are not directly linked to wholesale costs--so this bill is little more than an excuse for big business to keep an additional 4.3-cents per gallon.  I would hope that my Republican friends shared my excitement over this morning's reports that, thanks to President Clinton's leadership, the 1996 deficit will be even less than expected and will be our fourth consecutive year of deficit reduction.  Before they took over the leadership of the Congress, my Republican friends talked a lot about deficit reduction.  But now they have brought to the floor a bill that would cost $3 billion this year and reduce revenue by $34 billion over 7 years.  They say they have paid for the reduction but in fact those savings should be used for additional deficit reduction.  As a supporter of the balanced budget amendment to the constitution, I believe we should not waiver from our course. The bill before us is a first step towards unraveling the 1993 economic plan that has now produced four consecutive years of deficit reduction.  The U.S. Gas tax is not unreasonable. In fact, it is substantially less than that of France, Japan, Britain, Spain, Italy, the Netherlands, and Canada.  The Concord Coalition has cautioned against this step backwards. In a May 7 letter they stated:       It is a sad commentary on the depth of commitment to      balancing the budget that after a year of hard work, a      balanced budget plan still has not been adopted, while after      scarcely a week, a bipartisan stampede to pander to motorists      is being allowed to undermine deficit reduction efforts.  We should reject this legislation and `stay the course' towards elimination of the deficit.  