Chairman, I yield myself 3\1/2\ minutes.  Mr. Chairman, for some years we carried language which said that the Federal employee health benefit plan purchased by Federal employees with both their own funds and the part of the pay package which they received from the Federal Government would be restricted in terms of what coverage could be purchased. Mr. Chairman, this language was reincluded last year and in this year's bill. I rise to strike the restrictive language.  This issue has been a contentious one, and I understand there are strong feelings on all sides. It is my belief and contention, Mr. Chairman, that as is the case in the private sector, in the public sector, with respect to Federal employees, their compensation package is composed of three elements: their pay, which they are getting in their paycheck less deductions on a biweekly or monthly basis; their health benefits, reflected by a partial deduction from their paychecks and a contribution by the Federal Government which is 72 percent of the average cost of health insurance for Federal employees; and their retirement benefit. They also get a life insurance benefit as well.  Those four items compose their compensation package. It is my contention that that is their compensation. They own it. Just as this Congress would not deem it appropriate to pass an amendment which said that you may not spend your salary on X, Y, or Z, nobody in the House would contend that that was an appropriate action for the House of Representatives to take.  It is my belief and contention and suggestion to the House that we ought not to do that with respect to what kind of health insurance they deem it appropriate to purchase, not Big Brother telling them what to purchase but what they choose to purchase.  Now, with respect to the Federal employee health benefit plan, in this area there are some 25 to 35 plans available to Federal employees. They have a great choice. The Federal Government, as the employer, does not make a determination that we will spend X, if you buy this policy; or Y, if you buy this policy. They contribute 72 percent of the average premium cost to whatever purchase the employee decides to make.  In that context, therefore, it is inappropriate because it is not our money.It is the employee's money that they are applying. It is the employee's compensation, some in salary, some in benefit payments, but their compensation package. It has been historically my contention, and it is today, that we ought not to interject our judgment in place of our employees' judgment for what policies they themselves, individually, want to purchase.  That is what this amendment is all about. It is not whether we can condone abortion, whether we believe that it ought to be precluded altogether. The fact of the matter is the employees in the private sector and the public sector ought to be able to choose what policies they want to buy.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  