Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for his work on this committee and thank him for this opportunity to rise to express concern about the bill pending before us.  I have not read, frankly, the final language of the bill, which I understand, however, is far better than the original proposal. Late this morning I understand a number of changes were approved that make the bill acceptable enough that the chairman and NASA are not opposing it.  However, Mr. Speaker, I cannot let this bill pass without expressing my concern about its potential impact on the Mission to Planet Earth Program, which is administered at Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland. Over and over this program has been attacked by opponents who fail, I think, to realize the enormous asset that its data will be to the private sector. Long-term climate forecasting will prove tremendously useful to businesses ranging from agricultural to retailing and construction, and as we saw so vividly in North Carolina, earlier notice of major natural disasters can only help in response of the Government and the private sector to provide for relief and evacuation.  I am disappointed, therefore, that the House Committee on Science included more than a $300 million cut in authorization for Mission to Planet Earth. Today I am disappointed they are bringing to the floor a bill that requires a study of partial privatization of this important program.  NASA already recognizes that the private sector may well be able to play a significant role in Mission to Planet Earth. The agency's fiscal 1997 budget included $50 million for data acquisition. NASA requested information from companies that are interested in participating and 11 so far have replied. Their proposals will be carefully reviewed by the scientific experts at Goddard to ensure that they are helpful.  While I recognize that the Stennis Center has proven expertise in commercialization, we should not take control of the Mission to Planet Earth funding away from Goddard Space Flight Center, which has a top notch international reputation in the field.  I understand that the bill before us would team Goddard and Stennis for the study with the final authority resting with Administrator Goldin. I am pleased at that. Some might say why not study this? The fact is that Mission to Planet Earth has been studied over and over and over and over again. The program has been reduced 60 percent by a series of internal and external reviews. Surely if more commercialization makes sense, that fact would have been uncovered during those studies. The fact is that each of these studies costs money and staff time.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to emphasize my longstanding view that Federal employees often do as good a job or better than their private sector counterparts. I have been to Goddard many times. I am sure many of my colleagues have as well. Each time I am impressed by the evident dedication and competence of its work force, both the more than 3,000 civil servants and the approximately 8,000 private sector contractors who work there.  I get frustrated therefore, sometimes, with those that believe everything is done better in the private sector. Time and time again that popular rhetoric has been proved wrong.  That is not in any way to diminish the private sector. Obviously, it is the private sector that has made this Nation the greatest economy that the world has ever known and provided the highest standard of living for the people of this Nation that the world has ever known. However, our public sector employees have also provided, frankly, the most efficient and effective civil service the world has ever known.  I hope that in the rush to pass this bill in the closing days of the Congress we will not forget the fine work done by the Federal workers who manage Mission to Planet Earth or the incredible promise of this important program.  