Chairman, I rise today in support of the District of Columbia appropriations bill. I want to commend the chairman and Congressman Dixon for working in a bipartisan fashion to craft a good bill. I am pleased that at my request, the bill contains language dealing with two important issues which affect the District and the greater Washington Metropolitan area.  The bill contains report language which expresses Congress' strong intent for the District of Columbia to repay over $80 million diverted from Blue Plains to other District programs. This substantial loss of funds has led to serious maintenance and plant operations problems at the facility. Moreover, there remains a threat to the sewage ratepayers and residents of the Metropolitan area for having untreated sewage flowing down the Potomac River. There is also a serious threat to the fragile environmental conditions of the waterways. In order to prevent danger to life or environment, return of the funds is necessary so that the Blue Plains facility can return to safe and efficient operation.  My top priority continues to be protection of human health and ensuring proper clean up and preservation of the waterways and wildlife in the Chesapeake Bay Basin including the Potomac, Anacosta, and Patuxent Rivers. Having sufficient funding for Blue Plains will allow the plant to operate safely and efficientlyand eliminate threats to life and the environment. Therefore, the return of the funds is critical.  I believe, as do others, that one of the best ways to resolve the operational and management problems at Blue Plains is to restore the funds taken from the Blue Plains account and prohibit the further transfer of any additional funds. Therefore, at my request, the committee included report language in the fiscal year 1996 District of Columbia appropriations bill which asked the financial responsibility and management assistance authority to address how the District planned to restore funds taken from the Blue Plains budget and the timing for that restoration.  In its fiscal year 1997 budget and financial plan, the District has agreed to pay back $21.5 million over the next 4 years in order to replenish funds diverted from Blue Plains. This agreement is reflected in the bill and it is our expectation that this agreement will be honored.  Second, I am pleased with the funding for the D.C. fire department in this bill. This funding level consistent with the request of the D.C. City Council and the control board, is sufficient to end the practice of rotated closings of companies which have placed areas throughout the city at risk every day.  This bill will also provide $4 million for firefighting apparatus which will be used to begin the process of modernizing the firefighting fleet in order to provide a sufficient arsenal to protect the residents, workers, and visitors of the District of Columbia.  Mr. Chairman, an issue which continues to plague the fire department is the understaffing of firefighters. I want to commend Chairman Walsh for adding language to this bill, at my request, instructing the District to fill the 87 vacancies that currently exist in the fire department. The city currently ranks last among the 25 largest cities in the United States in on-duty fire suppression, and second in total fire and rescue alarms per 100,000 people.  The understaffing of the department and the rotated closings of up to eight companies a day poses a public safety threat to those who work and reside in the District and is financially irresponsible. This bill is an important step forward in making the District's fire department one of the finest in the Nation and I commend the committee for its efforts.  Again, I want to thank Chairman Walsh and Congressman Dixon for their work and support. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  