Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for his comments. I appreciate his continuing efforts. Mr. Speaker, I will use whatever little influence I might have to do just that.  I want to congratulate the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Mica], and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Davis]. The legislative process is a process in which we try to come together and reach agreement.  Yesterday, there were some who disagreed with section 201 and there were some who agreed with section 201. I want to say, as I said yesterday, I think there is merit in the premise underlying 201, and will look forward to working together with both gentlemen to come up with a provision which does in fact say that we are not going to close our eyes and slavishly follow last in-first out. That is not a rational system. Both gentlemen were speaking to that. I understand that. I made the point that I thought the disparities were greater than perhaps, or the benefits of the outstanding performance, were greater than were appropriate.  However, having said that, Mr. Speaker, this is in the best traditions of the legislative process, because all of us, I think to a person, I will be surprised if either this comes to a vote or there is any vote against it, because in point of fact, it was a consensus that the provisions in this bill were important provisions for us to extend to Federal employees, particularly at this time, where we are going to probably have involuntarily removed employees and where the soft landing and the other provisions provided in this bill are going to be important to them.  While I disagreed with that particular provision, Mr. Speaker, I made it clear I agreed with the overwhelming majority of the work product of the committee. I congratulate them for bringing it back. I think this is in the best traditions of bipartisan legislative process, and I look forward to having this legislation passed.  Yes, I would tell the gentleman from Virginia, I will work, starting tonight, to try to make that happen.  