Chairman, this amendment I will substantively oppose as well, but on the rule itself, this is what is referred to as a ``made known'' amendment. I suggest to the Chair that an amendment that changes legislation requiring a public officer to take some action is in fact legislation on an appropriation bill.  There has been a ruling in 1809 on a similar amendment referencing ``made known'' that that was in order because it was a simple limitation; that is, that none of the funds could be expended. But that ruling is that once it is made known to the Secretary, the simplistic, frankly, determination, in my opinion, is that the Secretary or the Comptroller of the Currency or any other official to whom such a limitation is directed will then have to make no judgment.  The premise underlying the ruling is that irrespective of the truth or falsity of the fact being made known, which is, of course, the premise of the amendment, which says if something is the fact and is made known, that clearly is what this means, because to rule otherwise is to rule that no matter how specious the representation to the public official, that they will be therefore bound not to expend the funds because of having it made known, however irresponsible the source of the information might be.  Therefore, I suggest to the Chair that this amendment and other amendments like it which seek to overcome the rule which precludes the legislation on an appropriations bill by I believe the specious representation, not in this amendment alone, I tell my friend, the gentleman from New York, and I am talking here to the process, not the substance of the gentleman's amendment, the specious representation that any responsible public official will not have to take any action subsequent to that fact being made known to them, is to adopt a premise which is untrue, and if true, would not be supported by anybody in this House or the Senate, or by the taxpayers of America.  The reason I say the premise underlying the initial 1809 judgment is incorrect is that because of the 1809 judgment, any competitor could have called up the Secretary of the Treasury and lied flat out and said ``I make it known to you that the facts included in this amendment are true.''  Unless we are all crazy and want to simply devolve the responsibility to any citizen who may want to make known to somebody, the Director of FBI or the Attorney General or whoever, unless we want to adopt that premise, then this ruling should not be supported. I raise it on this issue simply because this is one of the famous ``made known'' amendments, not because of the substance.  Mr. Chairman, I would urge the chairman and those with whom he counsels to adopt the much more reasonable premise that if you make known something to an elected official, or an appointed official who has responsibility for policy and responsibility for the administration of the public's money, that that official has it incumbent upon them, underlying the premise of this amendment, to determine the veracity, the substance, of that which is made known to them.  As a result, it is an inevitable conclusion that that public official must take further action as a result of this amendment or they will act totally irresponsibility, which I suggest to the Members is a conclusion we ought not to draw.  Therefore, once having adopted the premise that they do have to take some action to determine whether or not there is veracity in the fact being made known to them, that this amendment and others like it would fail as legislation on an appropriation bill, contrary to rule XXI.  