Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Brown substitute to the Omnibus science bill. The substitute provides, in my opinion, more adequate funding levels and makes a better investment in environment, science, and technology.  Mr. Chairman, like the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Stenholm] who rose, I was a strong supporter of the so-called blue dog budget each time it has been offered. That budget reached balance within 6 years. It reached balance by cutting more spending, frankly, than any of the alternatives that were offered on this floor, and it reduced the deficit more quickly than any other alternative on this floor.  But as the gentleman from Texas, who is in my opinion the premier balanced-budget individual on this floor in either party, said so correctly, that budget provided for adequate funds to fund the space and science programs addressed by this bill more adequately than are provided in this bill.  I am particularly pleased that the Brown amendment authorizes funding for Mission to Planet Earth at the President's requested level of $1.4 billion. The restoration of the President's request would eliminate the 27-percent cut to the Earth observing system which is the centerpiece of NASA's contribution to the global effort to understand how the Earth's climate works and to use that technology to improve our lives.  I personally consider Mission to Planet Earth to be one of NASA's and America's most promising and important undertakings. I am pleased of course that Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, MD, has the lead responsibility for implementing the critical research program which helps us as a Nation and as a people to understand the Earth's global environment.  A perspective from space, Mr. Chairman, is critical. Only from above is it realistically possible to observe distant parts of the world's oceans, deserts, and polar regions, using a macro approach. But most importantly, it allows people to be more informed about what is happening in their own State or their own region.  Mission to Planet Earth will further the understanding of the causes of natural disasters, and how to respond to them. The Earth observing system, the core component of Mission to Planet Earth, will dramatically improve agricultural and natural resources productivity. In fact, it is likely to allow climate predictions a year or more in advance.  Not only will this serve as a scientific benefit, but it will result in substantial benefits and saving to policymakers, the taxpayers, farmers, and busnesspeople alike. I might say, Mr. Chairman, as an aside, to golfers as well.  Mission to Planet Earth is still an evolving program. Reducing the funding level does not take into account the substantial reductions the program has already undergone. It also sends the wrong message to our international partners who have invested in this globally integrated program.  Over the last 5 years, NASA has reduced funding for the program through the year 2000 by 60 percent while still maintaining the 24 critical science measurements endorsed by the greater science community and preserving critical launch schedules.  In addition, NASA has committed to further reducing costs and duplicate tasks through incorporation of technology and stronger links with commercial interagency and international partners.  If Congress wants to keep the program viable, we must realize that enough is enough. We have cut, but if we cut more, we will cut very deeply and seriously into the effectiveness of a critical program. I believe we must continue this investment in understanding the planet.  In addition, Mr. Chairman, I will say that the salary and expense levels provided in the Brown substitute will preclude substantial numbers of layoffsand/or RIF's, which will further undermine the effectiveness of this program. I regret very seriously that the bill itself has proposed such serious cuts in salary and expense levels.  If the programs are to continue, we need to provide for the appropriate level of funding for those who will continue that program.  Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the Brown substitute, which provides funding for Mission to Planet Earth at the President's requested level. I plan to work with the Committee on Appropriations to ensure that objective as well.  