Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, I have already said what I have to say on this, and let me say it one more time for just a minute.  The Federal Government has about 2 million civilian employees. We are bringing that down. It is going to be about 1.9 million, 1.8 million when we finish. That is to serve the 270 million Americans, Federal level.  Contrary to the demagoguery that goes on, the growth in government has not occurred at the Federal level. It has occurred in the State and local government since the 1960's. That is where the real growth in government has occurred. The Federal Government has been relatively stable, and, as I said, we are currently at about 1960 levels.  So this is not a question of an exploding work force. This is a question, my colleagues in the House, as to whether or not this administration or any administration will have sufficient numbers of people to place in the 13 agencies of government and the departments of government and the other agencies and independent organizations, not in this country alone, but around the world, who will be there to carry out administration policy.  Now, George Bush, as I said, had almost 3,300, 3,297 I think it was. I do not have it right in front of me. But this President has 150 less, or about 5 percent less than President Bush.  This amendment reduce that another thousand, essentially, and contrary to what some of the speakers said and the previous speaker, ``Oh, well, the government can operate.'' Of course it can operate and will operate. The irony, I tell my friends on the majority side of the aisle, is that they are constantly concerned that Federal employees are not carrying out policies they believe are appropriate. If that is the case, then this is opposite of the objective they want to seek and that they talk about.  Now this affects both administrations. We are going to have a new administration next year. I believe my President is going to win; they believe their candidate is going to win. This is not a partisan issue. This is whether either of the candidates have the ability to function effectively as the principal policymakers in America.  That is what this is all about, and I suggest to my colleagues that I do not know that 3,297 is a correct number or that 3,290, or that 3,147 is a correct number. That is the number we budget for: 3,290 was under President Bush, 3,147 under President Clinton; both of them have about the same complement of people.  Now, the President has reduced 225,000 people, which is a good number, and therefore he has less people, 150 less than he has overseeing the implementation of his policy. I have said that a hundred times. I do not know that it is going to make any more effect.  Mr. Chairman, I would hope--this was never considered in committee, never debated, no testimony on it, no independent analysis as to whether the numbers proposed or some other number was appropriate. In light of that, I would ask that we reject this amendment.  