Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Iowa who knows me probably too well, he thinks.  Mr. Chairman, now that we have decided which amendment is pending, I am opposed to it, I say to my friend from Minnesota. And very frankly, if we had decided the other amendment, I would have opposed it. The fact of the matter is, this bill spends too little money. Who says that? The Committee on Ways and Means says that.  This bill has already cut $130 million below last year's. In the committee report, we assume the Federal employees in this bill as well as every other bill are going to get a 3-percent raise. I am for that. I think that is appropriate. We assume as well that there are going to be additional costs, as every business operator assumes.  So that not only are we cutting $130 million below last year's appropriation, but we are cutting very substantially more below actual costs to do exactly the same services.  Furthermore, as the Committee on Ways and Means has pointed out, they are very concerned that we have sufficient resources to carry out thepresent responsibilities of the Internal Revenue Service under law. The Committee on Ways and Means has further said that they are very concerned about the IRS being able to service the taxpayers consistent with their responsibilities.  Furthermore, the IRS has been cut $700 million plus dollars, three-quarters of a billion dollars. The gentleman's amendment, as pointed out by the chairman, cuts across the board and makes no judgment as to whether or not an agency has been cut deeply, has been increased or has stayed the same. That is why these across-the-board amendments are so unwise. It is incumbent upon us to make judgments. Sometimes those judgments are hard judgments. We have to make a determination how much an agency needs, how necessary is an agency, how necessary are the functions that that agency carries out.  I believe that the IRS is woefully underfunded under the provisions of this bill. But cutting them 1.9 percent, you simply exacerbate and make worse the problem confronting the Nation, not IRS, the Nation. Why? As the gentleman from Texas [Bill Archer] said in his letter of June 26 to the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Livingston], he believes the cuts that currently exist, currently, even without this cut, according to the Committee on Ways and Means, that the Internal Revenue system is getting under this bill puts at risk deficit reduction. The irony of the gentleman's amendment is, the Committee on Ways and Means, not this side of the aisle, the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Archer] and the gentlewoman from Connecticut [Mrs. Johnson], as well as the gentleman from California [Mr. Matsui] and the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Gibbons], believe the present underfunding of IRS puts at risk deficit reduction. In point of fact, I believe this amendment, if adopted, would cost hundreds of millions of dollars in lost revenues and deficit reduction.  I know that the gentleman offers this amendment sincerely, concerned as I am about the budget deficit. I am one of those who voted for a balanced budget amendment, as I think the gentleman knows. I believe we need to balance the budget. I voted for the coalition budget, which balanced the budget by 2002 and created $137 billion less debt. I hope that we defeat this amendment which would be costly to the taxpayers and the country.  