Speaker, reclaiming my time, I respect the gentleman's alternative view, but I will tell him in discussions I had with Bosnian officials, there was no secret about this. As Chairman of the Helsinki Commission, I knew it. I do not know where the Committee on Foreign Affairs was on this or the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence was on it, but I can tell you that Bosnian officials, President Izetbegovic, did not make it a secret, I would tell my friend. The fact of the matter is that we all knew. The newspapers said it, and, I agree, you cannot take everything you read in the newspaper, so you try to confirm it.  But the central fact of the history is not so much that we knew that Iran or somebody else might give arms. It was that all of us wanted the Bosnians to get arms. That is the central fact here.  The central fact further is we all know, the papers reported, that the President did not preclude that knowledge. But what nobody has mentioned is we did not have U.S. troops on the ground. The English did, the French did, the Danes did, and a number of other countries had troops on the ground.  The fact of the matter is that they did not interpose an objection either. Why? Because they were conflicted about this policy. They knew that under the United Nations charter, an independent, sovereign nation had the legal right to defend itself.  But under the Bush administration and our Western allies, we took a stance in the United Nations that no, we will have an arms embargo. The French and English in particular felt very strongly about it, because they had troops on the ground and they were concerned about the escalation. But they were on the ground, and they could have stopped this in its tracks. Perhaps they had a wink and a nod, because on a public negotiated level, they could not reach a multilateral lifting of the arms embargo. But they did not want the Bosnian Government to fall, and, therefore, of necessity they needed arms.  Let me give you an analogous situation. Saddam Hussein remains in Iraq right now. The 500,000 troops we sent, billions of dollars we spent, and Saddam Hussein sits in Baghdad today. Why? Why? Because the Bush administration made a judgment, that we all went along with, the Congress did not stop it, that maybe we ought to leave Saddam Hussein as a balance against the Iranians, because if we remove him and make Iraq very weak, Iran remains. A practical, pragmatic decision, perhaps not the moral judgment of eliminating someone we believe is a butcher and a war criminal himself.  Bill Clinton, the President of the United States, had this judgment to make: Do I allow them to go through and be able to defend their lives, their homes, and their very nation, or do I say no, die.  