Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding, and I want to rise and first of all say to Chairman Livingston and Ranking Member Obey, congratulations on the work that they have done. I want to tell my colleagues that I am one of those, like so many before me on the other side of the aisle in the eighties, who said, the omnibus appropriations or continuing resolutions are not the appropriate vehicles in which we ought to legislate, and I think that is true. This process is not one that ought to be emulated. This process is one that will leave many people in the dark as to what this final product is.  Having said that, I am supportive of this product. It is a product which came about through intensive negotiations and discussions between the administration, between the Republican majority with the sometimes participation, but mostly participation during the last couple of days of the Democratic minority.  As to substance, as someone who, A, supports a balanced budget, and, B, supported the coalition budget which made room for investment in programs critically important to the welfare of this country, to the security and the opportunity of our American families and of our young people, I support the priorities that have been restored to this budget. I was one of those who argued in subcommittee and in full committee that we ought to restore at least $2.3 billion to the education component. In fact, we have done more than that. I congratulate the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Obey] and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Porter] for that accomplishment.  The fact of the matter is that it is critically important for us to tell the American taxpayers that in terms of their investment in discretionary spending, that has consistently gone down while payment of interest and entitlements have consistently gone up. We cannot continue as a Nation to squeeze out discretionary investment in education, environment, job training, all the programs that enhance the capability of our people, our greatest resource to compete in world markets.  I also would, Mr. Speaker, rise and say that the chairman of my subcommittee on which I am the ranking member will be leaving, the gentleman from Iowa, Congressman Jim Lightfoot, my friend, Congressman Jim Lightfoot is the kind of legislator that Americans should be and, in my opinion, are very proud. He is a man of common sense, integrity, honesty and commitment. And I want to say to my friend, Jim Lightfoot, that we will miss him, not only in this House but in this Congress and in this country from this House. And I want to say that I thank you for the bipartisan way in which you have shared with me the proceedings of our subcommittee, and given me the opportunity to work towards what I believe to be not perfect, but a good solution as it relates to the bill.  