Speaker, the Jewish holiday of Purim is usually an especially happy one. It is a celebration. Yet this year it was wrought with tears and horror--overshadowedby the deaths of Israelis killed by a bomb blast on a crowded bus. Instead of celebration, it was mourning, instead of happiness, it was shock.  Like so many of my colleagues, I rise today to join the Members of this body, and the people of America, in condemning the recent heinous terrorist attacks against the people of Israel. These attacks are nothing more than a blatant attempt by the militant Hamas war-mongers to derail the peace process in the Middle East. Their virulent actions against the people of Israel have left scores dead and hundreds wounded. Their actions deserve, at a minimum, world condemnation.  Once again, the people of Israel have found their democracy under attack--and once again, instead of reacting hastily and with massive military might--they restrained from seeking a quick revenge--for it is their desire for peace that is stronger than the delirious fanatics that seek to wreak havoc on the peace process.  I am pleased that President Clinton will join leaders from throughout the world at a summit in Egypt in a show of unity against both terrorism and the terrorists in the Middle East. I would like to commend Egyptian President Mubarak for hosting the conference and to also commend other Arab countries, including Jordan and Saudi Arabia for participating in this Conference which will hopefully reaffirm the need to continue the peace process in the Middle East.  As members of the Jewish community throughout the Washington metropolitan area celebrated Purim last week, Rabbi Jack Moline of Alexandria said that ``We are not compromising what we are doing tonight. It is imperative that we go through with this and not let [the bombers] define our world for us.'' For the people of Israel, they too, cannot compromise, they, too, cannot allow a group of terrorists to define their world. They haven't and with our actions here today, we show our support for them, for their uncompromising valor, and for their commitment to peace.  