Speaker, it is my great honor and privilege, on behalf of all of my colleagues in the Maryland delegation, to first welcome two of America's most outstanding leaders who have represented the Seventh Congressional District which the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Cummings] now represents.  They are our friends, they were our colleagues, they are great Americans: The Honorable Parren Mitchell, our former colleague; and another example of the extraordinary quality that the constituents of the Seventh District sends to the Congress of the United States, the president and chief operating officer of the NAACP, our former colleague and great American, Kweisi Mfume.  Mr. Speaker, I have the opportunity to introduce to the House their newest colleague. He is the son of Rev. Ruth Cummings and Rev. Robert Cummings. Mr. Speaker, before I make my brief remarks and yield to the minority leader, I would like to acknowledge Senators Sarbanes and Mikulski, who have joined us from the other body.  Mr. Speaker, although under the rules I cannot recognize them as being in the gallery, and I shall not do so, it has been brought to my attention that the distinguished Speaker of the Maryland House of Delegates, Casper Taylor, will be able to hear my words. Mr. Speaker; with all due apologies to our distinguished friend, Mr. Johnson.  Come walk with me. Come walk with me. I say these words with reverence to our newest Member of the House. These are his words, his words which have been spoken often in the chambers of Annapolis, and which I know will be spoken often here to us. Words like these are not heard often enough these days. It is more often ``Come fight with me.''  But these words represent the heart of what Elijah Cummings is all about: A consummate legislator, a dedicated public servant, a consensus builder, a fighter for what is right; a man, as you will all find, of drive and determination, a man who has ascended to leadership through integrity, hard work, and a belief in the good in mankind.  Born in Baltimore City, a graduate of City College in Baltimore, a graduateof Howard University, where he was president of the sophomore class, junior class, and student government. He graduated, as Members will not be surprised upon knowing him, Phi Beta Kappa. He graduated from the University of Maryland Law School.  Elijah Cummings comes to the House with a vast background in working closely in his community, particularly as a mentor and Big Brother to the young people of his city and his community. He is a father figure to many, and always has hoped in time to find the one golden glimmer which will help turn a youth's life around. As an advocate for youth, he is unshaken.  I recall over a year ago when then-Delegate Cummings was accosted outside his Baltimore home and ordered to lie face down on the street while being robbed. Even through this terrorizing experience, he was and remains undeterred, and has never given up his faith in youth.  His service the past 14 years with the Maryland General Assembly, where he was the first African-American in the history of our State to be elected Speaker pro tempore, the No. 2 position in the House of Delegates, has brought him recognition by his colleagues, as well as being one of its most effective members.  Elijah Cummings brings the same talent, drive, and personal conviction as his predecessors who I have previously introduced. I encourage you, Elijah, to use your spirit of good will in reaching out to all of us to come walk with you.  Join me in welcoming our newest colleague, an extraordinary human being, the gentleman from Maryland, Elijah E. Cummings.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Gephardt], the distinguished minority leader.  