Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues Louis Stokes and Donald Payne in celebration of Black History Month. This special order has now become a time-honored tradition in the House, and I always enjoy participating.  Black History Month is a time of reflection and honor. During Black History Month, we recall and pay tribute to the towering achievements and inspiring contributions that African-Americans have made to this country. It is a time to reflect on the progress we have made as a society based on the constitutional principles of liberty, equality, and justice. It also is a time to assess, as individuals, our personal role and responsibility to our fellow citizens, our children, and our Nation's future.  During Black History Month, we honor those men and women who influenced, shaped, and altered American life, culture, and politics--those who believed in a democracy that would not tolerate prejudice and discrimination, those who fought brutal injustice with the power of moral truth.  We thank those who through their writings and teachings have enabled all of America to know and appreciate the African-American legacy, past struggles and present dreams. We pay tribute to American's sports heroes, such as Arthur Ashe, the great activist and renowned humanitarian, who inspired all Americans with his courage. We honor the scientists and educators, who labored so hard to overcome the racial barriers in our society and proved that America could not afford to squander the talent and knowledge of African-Americans. We recall the words and visions of some of our Nation's most revered ministers and theologians, such as Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., who braved the wrath of society to change our society to fit the principles it espoused but did not practice.  Black History Month has a broader significance as well. It is a critical prism through which to view America's history overall. Our examination of this history is both painful and shameful, but it is also essential as only in this way can we appreciate the importance of this country's ability to redress past injustices. Only with the awareness of past wrongs can we define our future as one in which the right to live with dignity and freedom from persecution will be accorded all Americans. Only with the knowledge or our heritage and the conviction that we are indeed a Nation of people ``endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights,'' can we practice the teachings of those whose legacy we remember today.  One of our better teachers, who I would like to honor today is the Honorable Barbara Jordan. She left us just a few short weeks ago but her incredible spirit will remain with us forever.  We all know of her impressive educational, political, and legal background. However, it ease her eloquence and sense of integrity which made here such a gifted leader. She championed opportunity, demanded equality, and vociferously espoused the principles of equal opportunity for all Americans.  There are some in this body who carry with them a ``Contract With America.'' But it was Barbara Jordan who carried in her purse a copy of the U.S. Constitution which we as American legislators all need to uphold. During the historic Watergate hearings, it was Barbara Jordan who said, ``My faith in the Constitution is whole, it is complete, it is total, and I am not going to sit here and be an idle spectator to the iminution, the subversion, the destruction of the Constitution.'' As we celebrate Black History Month, it is my hope that every Member of this body heeds Barbara Jordan's words.  