Speaker, let me say that the debt limit part of this bill should have been passed last year. It is another indication of the inability of the leadership of this House to get issues of fiscal importance to the floor in a timely fashion. The debt has been confronting us since September of last year and has placed at risk the good credit of the United States of America,which in fact placed, therefore, the fiscal stability of the international community at risk.  Mr. Speaker, I will vote against this rule, and I will vote against it because it marries two issues, one which I very strongly support.  Finally, the Republican leadership has come to the extension of the debt until 1997, so that it will not be a political football but will be the recognition of fiscal responsibility.  It is late but welcomed. However, they have married to that bill a line item veto. It is a line item veto which the gentleman from Colorado, one of the previous speakers, has characterized as contrary to the provisions of the Constitution of the United States. I agree with that premise. I am hopeful that the courts will find this provision unconstitutional, because I believe with Senator Byrd and I would hope with at least some of my colleagues that this is a radical shift of authority from the people of the United States and their representatives to the Executive of the United States.  Now, I support an enhanced rescission. That is a device which would allow the President of the United States to take out of a piece of legislation and say to the American public, this item should not be passed but the bill should be passed. But then the enhanced rescission would say, we have to bring it back to the House in the full light of the American public's scrutiny in a democracy and pass it. But what it would not do is to give to the President the ability to have one-third plus one of a House say that I and I alone will top this from going into effect.  Mr. Speaker, that will be a radical shift of power. It is not surprising that we pass radical proposals in this Congress, of course, but the fact of the matter is it is bad policy. In my opinion, we will live to regret it.  It is ironic, indeed, that those who have waited 9 years, according to the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Bunning, to see this legislation pass, propose today to have it delayed until January. If it is so important, why not now? Is it perhaps because President Clinton is a Democrat? I hope not.  