Chairman, I yield myself 5 minutes.  Mr. Chairman, there is no more vexing an issue for any public figure than voting on his or her own salary. There have been many comments that we ought to do this on the record, we ought to do it not in secret. In point of fact, if those who were debating this had bothered to look at the record, we did exactly that in the Pay Reform Act of 1989. We changed the law and said, for a raise, we have to vote in the public's view. And, in point of fact, I tell my friends, all of the freshmen who were not here and who have spoken on this bill, the House of Representatives did in fact vote on the record during the daytime with full public scrutiny on the issue of pay reform for Members. Now, I will not speak about the other body of what they did.  In the course of the reform, we said this makes no sense. What made no sense? We would go, as we are proposing to do today, 4, 5, 6, 7 years with no raise. So what happened? The same thing that would happen in everybody's family in America, whatever they were making. They would say: Hey, dad or mom, you know, groceries are getting more expensive, cars are more expensive. Our car is 6 years old, we have to replace it. Hey, the rent has gone up or the mortgage has gone up. We want to buy another house because our familyis expanding, all sorts of things. As the cost of living goes up, your resources are squeezed if you freeze them.  So we said it was not automatic, I tell my friend from Washington State. We said specifically, Congress gets no raise if the fellow Federal employees did not get a raise. There was no justification, we said, for Members of Congress taking a raise if Federal employees did not get a raise. But if they got a raise and only if they got a raise, then we would take a cost of living less a half a point, less than the cost of living. That was hailed by Common Cause and other groups around the country as a step forward in rationalizing a way to affect the pay of Members of Congress.  Yes, a vexing issue for those of us in public life, and every one of us who gets up and says cost of living is justified for Federal employees, for judges, for SES's and, yes, even for Members of Congress are subject obviously to 30-second ads. It is a sexy political issue, we all know that. I am sure that the gentlemen who raised it are going to make it very clear to their constituents how they did this.  There has been a lot of talk about cutting the deficit. All right, for the first time in history, we have cut the deficit 4 years running. For the first time in may be not history, for the first time in this century, 4 years running, the deficit is down and is now half what it was just 4 years ago.  So, very frankly, we are on the right track, we are doing the right thing. We are performing our duties as we were sent here to do.  If we do what the gentleman suggests and, Mr. Chairman, everybody knows we are going to do what the gentleman suggests so everybody can go home and beat their chests and say, I was against raising my pay.  Let me tell you what is going to happen. A year from now or 2 years from now or 3 years from now, Members of Congress are going to get together and say, you know, for 5 or 6 or 7 years we have been zero, and we ought to raise it by $10,000.  We have done that before for exactly the same reason. Eleven out of 20 years it was frozen, just as we are doing now; and what happened? The American public said: What do you mean you are raising your salary by $10,000? They understand cost-of-living adjustment. Social Security recipients understand that, veteran retirees understand that.  I do not know that the gentleman is opposed to those. They understand cost-of-living adjustments. What they do not understand, properly so, and what we tried to avoid was large raises that gave the public the impression that we thought we ought to get more than somebody else, so we keyed it to Federal employees and we keyed it to cost-of-living increases.  That is what we should have done, and I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment with little hope that that will occur.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  