Too many people who do not want to be on welfare cannot escape it. Too many people who want to be on welfare are allowed to coast at the taxpayers' expenses.  We agree that we must create a different kind of social safety net which will uphold the values our current system undermines. It must require work, it must demand responsibility, and it must protect children.  Today the House will consider two alternative welfare reform proposals. One, offered by the House Republican leadership, I suggest, is not reform at all, although it has much in it with which we agree and Castle-Tanner agree. It lacks the funds for serious work requirements. CBO says so, not us. And under this bill children can be denied all support, even in an emergency, when their families are cut off welfare due to time limits.  When the American people demanded an end to welfare, this is not what they had in mind.  The so-called welfare reform bill offered today by the Republican leadership makes a mockery, in my opinion, of the American values of work and family. It does have progress in it. But it is not bipartisan, and that is what the American public wanted. They wanted us to come together in-bipartisan manner and reform welfare. Governor Castle, now a Congressman, and the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Tanner] have done exactly that. Their bill brings together and reinforces family values, while meeting our responsibilities to our people and reinforcing our expectations on their personal responsibility.  I urge my colleagues to come together in a bipartisan fashion, as most of the Members on this side of the aisle will do. Democrats will support a bipartisan effort to accomplish this objective. All of us should do the same.  America's welfare system is at odds with the core values Americans believe in: Responsibility, work, opportunity, and family. Too many people who don't want to be on welfare can't escape it. Too many people who want to be on welfare are allowed to coast at the taxpayers' expense. In both cases, this broken system weakens families, undermines personal responsibility, destroys self-respect and initiative, and fails to move able-bodied people from welfare to work.  A complete overhaul of the welfare system is long overdue. We must create a different kind of social safety net which will uphold the values our current system destroys. It must require work. It must demand responsibility. And it must protect children, to break the generational cycle of poverty.  Today, the House will consider two alternative welfare reform proposals. First, offered by the House Republican leadership, is not reform at all. It lacks the funds for serious work requirements. It shreds the safety net for chidlren. The Nation's Governors adopted a resolution expressing their concern about restrictions on States' flexibility and unfunded costs in the Job Program, a shortfall of $13 billion which will knock the teeth out of the much-touted work requirements in the Republican bill.  The second alternative, the bipartisan Tanner-Castle welfare reform proposal, will truly reform our broken system. It, and it alone, requires all recipients to start work--real work, in real jobs--within 2 years. It provides funding to make those requirements real. It establishes a 5-year lifetime limit for welfare benefits, with a State option to create a shorter limit. It requires teen parents to live at home or in a supervised setting, and teaches responsibility by requiring school or training attendance as a condition of receiving assistance. It includes tough child support enforcement provisions to make sure deadbeat parents live up to their responsibility to support their children.  Unlike the Republican leadership proposal, the Tanner-Castle bill is tough on work without being tough on kids. It includes additional funding above the leadership bill for child care, to make sure children aren't left on the streets when their parents go to work. Under the Republican leadership bill children could be denied all support, even in an emergency, when their families are cut off welfare because of a time limit. The bipartisan bill provides vouchers to meet the needs of children if their parents exceed the welfare time limit. While the Republican leadership bill would deny Medicaid coverage for children in families who exceed a time limit, the bipartisan bill ensures that no child loses medical care because of welfare reform.  The so-called welfare reform bill offered today by the Republican leadership makes a mockery of the American values of work and family. It contains a hollow promise of work requirements which the Nation's Governors and the Congressional Budget Office both concede States can never achieve. It strips poor children of food assistance and medical care. I do not believe that when the American people demanded an end to welfare as we know it, this is what they had in mind.  The bipartisan Tanner-Castle bill supports those American values we all share. It demands work and personal responsibility without shredding the social safety net and abandoning children. I urge my colleagues to reject the Republican leadership bill, and support the bipartisan Tanner-Castle proposal.  