Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3525, the Church Arson Prevention Act. I want to commend Mr. Hyde and Mr. Conyers for proposing this bill which was introduced in response to the tragic church fires which have destroyed over 30 black churches throughout the South over the last 18 months. Enough is enough. The time has come to step up our efforts, and we must take more action to assist Federal, State, and local authorities in preventing and investigating these fires.  I want to add my voice in expressing strong displeasure with those who seek to evoke fear and promote hatred by engaging in these acts of cowardice. This type of behavior tears at the very fabric which holds this Nation together. It is important that we do what is necessary to put an end to these unacceptable actions. As a Nation which prides itself in furthering liberty, equality, and justice for all, conduct of this nature cannot and will not be tolerated.  There is no institution more sacred than a house of worship. I am appalled and outraged that any person would desecrate an institution which fosters religious freedom, a right guaranteed under the Constitution of the United States. The church serves as the foundation of good, hope, and prosperity in many communities. It also serves as a place of solace for those seeking refuge from the cruelties and harshness of the world. Moreover, it is a place where people can put aside their differences and come together. I will never understand how one can seek to destroy the positive spirit which the church symbolizes.  I am deeply saddened by the events which have taken place over the last year and a half.They are an ugly reminder of our not so distant past and send the wrong message to impressionable minds. Over the past 30 years, we have worked hard to build many bridges across the racial divide. To a large degree, we have been quite successful. However, we still have a long way to go in our pursuit to understand one another and ensure equality for every American. As the most civilized nation in the world, it is incumbent on us to continue to move forward. We cannot let the uncivilized actions of a few keep us from achieving the worthwhile goal of racial and ethnic harmony.  The legislation before us today, in coordination with the efforts of Federal law enforcement agencies, can assist in bringing to justice those individuals responsible for the fires. Through their efforts, some progress has already been made. One of the principle Federal agencies working on these incidents has been the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms. BATF has responded to these incidences by using additional resources and manpower. Their efforts have resulted in the resolution of some of these arson cases, some by arrest and others by designation as accidental. There still are a number of ongoing investigations and the fires continue to occur. Therefore, we must provide additional tools to BATF and other Federal law enforcement agencies so that they can more readily investigate and prosecute these heinous crimes.  I urge my colleagues to stand with Congressman Hyde and Conyers in supporting this legislation. Passage of this legislation today will allow Congress to join in the healing process which has begun for those churches which are now rebuilding. It will also send a message from Congress that we do not condone or tolerate this type of activity in our Nation.  