Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment that would change the deadline by which Federal employee buyouts provided in this bill must be taken from February 1, 1997 to March 31, 1997.  I understand that this amendment is acceptable to the chairman whom I want to commend for including buyout authority for three agencies: the IRS, ATF, and the Customs Service.  There is no dispute that, when an agency is going to downsize beyond normal attrition, buyouts are a fair and cost effective alternative to involuntary reductions in force.  They are also more reasonable for the Federal workers who are innocent victims of the budget battles here in Congress.  Buyouts offer managers flexibility to decide who can be spared from what departments in contrast to RIF's which often cause the loss of the bright young people who represent the future of the organization.  In a May 1996 report, the General Accounting Office found that the 5-year savings from buyouts generally exceed those from RIF's except in the occasional case where RIF's are done without allowing employees to bump others with less tenure.  GAO noted that when senior RIF'ed employees can bump lower level employees, using a buyout instead of a RIF typically saves an additional $60,000 over 5 years.  More than 112,000 buyouts have been paid Governmentwide since 1993--saving the taxpayers millions and millions of dollars.  I was a leading proponent of those buyouts and I support continuing Governmentwide buyouts. In fact, I have joined Representative Wolf in introducing legislation that would allow some buyouts throughout the Government--H.R. 2751.  So I believe the provisions in this bill are a step in the right direction. Regretfully, they are only a small step.  Some of the limitations on who is eligible to take buyouts are, in my view, too restrictive. I will continue to talk with the chairman and others about that.  Also, we offer the provisions to just a few agencies even though others throughout the Federal Government are downsizing.  However, today I simply offer an amendment that extends the deadline for implementing buyouts by 2 months--from February 1 to March 31.  This amendment, which lengthens the window for buyouts from 4 to 6 months, makes buyouts a more viable tool for managers and employees alike.  I believe the amendment has been cleared and I thank the chairman for his concern for the impact that budget reductions may have on employees at the IRS, the Customs Service, and ATF.  