Speaker, I rise in support of my Republican colleague who just spoke in a bipartisan way. We just voted 266 to 162 to raise the minimum wage so that we can get it up from a 40-year low. After months of pressure, this House will vote on raising the minimum wage in just a few minutes.  At a time when the minimum wage is at its lowest buying power in 40 years, we will vote to compensate millions of women and men for their hard work to support themselves and their families. We talk about being family friendly. Nothing is more family friendly than allowing wage earners to support themselves and their children to make work pay in a meaningful way. We will vote to make work pay more than welfare.  Today should be a joyful day for millions of American workers, but what the Republican Congress giveth with one vote, it taketh away with two others. Yet again, we have a situation in which we may give with one hand and take away with the other. These are two of the most cynical amendments, very frankly, and I say it with respect, that I have seen. While we raise the minimum wage with one amendment, another amendment would repeal it for 10,000,000 workers, leaving them with no minimum wage protection at all.  If you are a waitress spending long days on your feet to keep your family off welfare, the Goodling amendment means that you will not get an increase in your wages. You will not get an increase in your wages. If you are doing computer work during the day to put yourself through school, these amendments mean that you will not be paid for the overtime you work. These amendments will exempt thousands of small businesses from the most basic child labor laws and worker protections. That does not mean they will be violated, but they will lose the protection.  Mr. Speaker, American workers are not dumb. As a matter of fact, they are pretty smart. They see that the Goodling amendments would leave this minimum wage bill as a minimum wage emperor who has no clothes. I urge my colleagues to vote against the Goodling amendments. Let us pass a meaningful increase in the minimum wage for the first time in 7 years.  Let us reward work, make it pay, make sure that when people get off welfare, they can support themselves and their children. That is opportunity. That is the American dream. Let us act today to make it reality for millions of Americans.  