 The next Treasury Secretary will face unprecedented challenges as the United States continues to deal with the greatest economic and financial crises since the Great Depression. Not only must the new Secretary oversee an economic recovery at a time when enormous Federal deficits threaten our country's long-term economic outlook, he will have responsibility over the $700 billion Troubled Assets Rescue Program, TARP, to assist struggling homeowners and revitalize our capital markets.  While I was extremely disappointed in Mr. Geithner's failure to pay his taxes in a timely manner, I believe that first and foremost we need a Treasury Secretary who is eminently qualified to help steer the country through this difficult period. In my opinion, Mr. Geithner's background as President and chief executive officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and his previous experience at the Treasury Department has prepared him for this important position.  I have many problems with the ways in which the Treasury Department under the previous administration used the TARP funding. After a series of fits and starts, it shifted the intended focus of the program from homeowner relief to financial stabilization. In addition, there have been widespread reports of companies receiving funds and continuing to pay executive bonuses and dividends. Clearly, the Treasury Department has not been as transparent as it should be in detailing how these funds have been spent.  I have reviewed Mr. Geithner's testimony before the Finance Committee carefully, and I was pleased to see that he intends to reform the TARP to be more accountable and transparent--and to be more in line with the original intent of alleviating the housing crisis. Proper administration and accounting of the TARP funds is essential for helping facilitate an economic recovery. I expect Mr. Geithner to follow through on these important policy changes on how the TARP funding is distributed in the future.  Thus, after weighing all of the various factors, I intend to vote in favor of Mr. Geithner's nomination today. And I wish him well as he undertakes this significant endeavor.  