President, today, the Congress considers critical legislation to renew America's promise of prosperity and security for all of its citizens. I am pleased that the greatly needed relief provided in the American Recovery And Reinvestment Act includes an investment in health information technology that takes meaningful steps to protect the privacy of all Americans.  I have long held the view that American innovation can--and should--play a vital role in revitalizing our economy and in improving our Nation's health care system. That is why I have worked so hard with the lead sponsors of this bill to makes sure that privacy was addressed at the outset, as our Nation moves towards a national health information technology system.  I commend the lead sponsors of this legislation in the House and Senate, Majority Leader Reid, and SpeakerPelosi for making sure that the economic recovery package includes meaningful privacy safeguards for electronic health records. I also commend the many stakeholders, including, the Center for Democracy & Technology, the Vermont Information Technology Leaders, Inc., Consumers Union, the American Civil Liberties Union and Microsoft, that have advocated tirelessly for meaningful health IT privacy protections in this legislation.  The privacy protections in this legislation are essential to a successful national health IT system. Without adequate safeguards to protect health privacy, many Americans would simply not seek the medical treatment that they need for fear that their sensitive health information will be disclosed without their consent. Likewise, health care providers who perceive the privacy risks associated with health IT systems as inconsistent with their professional obligations would avoid participating in a national health IT system.  The economic recovery package includes several of my recommendations to better protect Americans' health information privacy. First, the provisions give each and every American the right to access his or her own electronic health records, and the right to timely notice of data breaches involving their health information. The recovery package also imposes critical restrictions on the sale of sensitive health data and on the use of Americans' health data for marketing purposes. Lastly, the legislation makes sure that the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services receives input from individuals with specific expertise in health information privacy and security, as the Secretary develops a national health information technology system.  These and many other privacy safeguards in the bill will help tackle the difficult, but essential task of ensuring meaningful health information privacy for all Americans. But, we can--and should--do more. There is much more to be done to ensure that Americans have greater control over their own electronic health records. Another critical issue is the use of new technologies to better secure sensitive health records, so that data breaches involving health and other sensitive personal data do not occur in the first place.  Yesterday, we celebrated the bicentennial of the birth of our Nation's 16th President--Abraham Lincoln--who once remarked that ``you cannot escape the responsibility for tomorrow by evading it today.'' We all have a responsibility to ensure quality health care that is both efficient and respectful of all Americans' privacy rights. I am pleased that the Congress acted to address the issue of health information privacy at the outset of the ambitious effort to fully digitize America's health records during the next 5 years. During the months and years ahead, Congress must build upon this early privacy success with more work on health information privacy on behalf of all Americans.  