They wrote:       While Washington is spending billions to shore up the      financial system, it is doing far too little to strengthen      the federal government's ability to investigate and prosecute      the sort of corporate and mortgage frauds that helped cause      the economic collapse.       Those efforts--never fully adequate--have suffered in      recent years as money and people were shifted from white-     collar fraud to anti-terrorist activities.  That is precisely what law enforcement officials from the Justice Department and the FBI and the special inspector general for the Troubled Asset Relief Program told us in their testimony before the Judiciary Committee.  As the Times wrote, referring to the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act:       A bipartisan measure newly approved by the Senate Judiciary      Committee and now coming before the full Senate would begin      to close the enforcement gap . . . and strengthen existing      federal fraud and money-laundering provisions, updating the      definition of ``financial institution'' in federal fraud      statutes to include largely unregulated mortgage businesses,      for example, and reversing flawed court decisions that have      undermined the effectiveness of the False Claims Act, one of      the most potent weapons against government fraud.       Like a similar enforcement buildup in response to the      savings and loan crises of the 1980s, this one will      contribute far more than it costs to the federal Treasury      through restitutions and asset recoveries. . . .Senators      should not be asking if the expenditure is affordable, but      whether it is enough.  Every prosecutor I have talked to says they need this. I am willing to bet that every person who has been defrauded by some of these unregulated mortgage companies would give anything to have had this on the books and these people there 6 months or a year ago before they lost their life savings, before they lost their homes, their chance for their children to go to college, and before they lost the chance for retirement. But there are still millions of Americans at risk. Let's protect them. Let's show that we are against such crime and that we will provide the tools to stop it.  One of the things every prosecutor knows and learns is, if you ask people if they are against crime, everybody is against crime. If you ask legislative bodies: Are you willing to pass resolutions against crime, of course they are. But then you ask the real question: Will you give us the tools to fight crime? That is where everybody goes: Well, let's see.  Here are the tools to fight crime.  This is something supported across the political spectrum. Look at the Washington Times, a very conservative newspaper. 