President, I am pleased to cosponsor today an amendment to require the antitrust division of the Department of Justice to carry out oversight, information-sharing, and joint activities concerning competition in the agriculture sector. Our Nation's antitrust laws exist to promote competition, which ensures that consumers will pay lower prices, and receive more choices of higher quality products. The Department of Justice is charged with enforcing these antitrust laws. Yet there are few industries in which there are more serious concerns about the state of competition than the agriculture sector. Small farmers are suffering because the prices they can charge for many of their products continues to decline, and the level of concentration throughout the industry could have a negative long-term impact on the prices that consumers pay and the choices they have.  Since first coming to Washington, I have fought to help our family farmers by ensuring a level playing field in American agriculture. The consolidation in recent years throughout the agriculture sector has had a tremendous impact on the lives and livelihoods of American farmers. It affects producers of most commodities in virtually every region of the country, and in my home State of Vermont, it affects dairy farmers. Farmers need a fair opportunity to compete in the marketplace and we must prevent giants in corporate agriculture from repeatedly hurting them with unfair, discriminatory, deceptive, and anticompetitive practices.  I held a field hearing last month in Vermont to assess competitive issues in the dairy industry. During that hearing, we heard from officials from the Department of Justice and the United States Department of Agriculture. We also received first hand testimony from farmers whose businesses are suffering at the hands of large distributors. This crisis is real, and the Department of Justice has pledged to take a renewed look at competitive issues in the agriculture sector as a whole. This amendment is another step to help ensure that competition exists in the agriculture sector.  