President, I am pleased to join Senator Kaufman, as well as Senators Specter, Kohl, Schumer, and Klobuchar, to introduce the Health Care Fraud Enforcement Act of 2009. This legislation builds on the impressive steps the administration has already taken to step up health care fraud prevention and enforcement, and on the real progress represented by the anti-fraud provisions of the Finance and Health, Education, Labor and Pension Committee bills already before Congress. I was glad to contribute to those efforts.  I feel strongly, though, that more needs to be done. This bill will provide prosecutors with needed tools for the effective investigation, prosecution, and punishment of health care fraud. By making modest but important changes to the law, it ensures that those who drain our health care system of billions of dollars each year, driving up costs and risking patients' lives, will go to jail, and that their fraudulent gains will be returned to American taxpayers and health care beneficiaries.  For more than 3 decades, I have fought in Congress to combat fraud and protect taxpayer dollars. This spring, I introduced with Senator Grassley and Senator Kaufman the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act, the most significant anti-fraud legislation in more than a decade. When that legislation was enacted, it provided law enforcement with new tools to detect and prosecute financial and mortgage fraud. Now, as health care reform moves through the Senate, I want to make sure we do all we can to tackle the fraud that has contributed greatly to the skyrocketing cost of health care.  The scale of health care fraud in America today is staggering. According to conservative estimates, about three percent of the funds spent on health care are lost to fraud--more than $60 billion a year. In the Medicare program alone, the Government Accountability Office estimates that more than $10 billon was lost to fraud just last year. While Medicare and Medicaid fraud is significant, it is important to remember that health care fraud does not occur solely in the public sector. Private health insurers also see billions of dollars lost to fraud. That fraud is often harder for the Government to track. Private companies have less incentive to report it, and in some cases, are responsible for the fraudulent practices themselves. Reining in private sector fraud must be a part of any comprehensive health care reform.  The Health Care Fraud Enforcement Act of 2009 makes a number of straightforward, important improvements to existing statutes to strengthen prosecutors' ability to combat health care fraud. The bill would increase the Federal sentencing guidelines for health care fraud offenses. Despite the enormous losses in many health care fraud cases, offenders often receive shorter sentences than other white collar criminals. This lower risk is one reason criminals are drawn to health care fraud. By increasing the Federal sentencing guidelines for health care fraud offenses, we send a clear message that those who steal from the Nation's health care system will face swift prosecution and substantial punishment.  The bill also provides for a number of statutory changes to strengthen fraud enforcement. For example, it would expand the definition of a ``Federal health care fraud offense'' to include violations of the anti-kickback statute and several other key health care-related criminal statutes, which will allow for more vigorous enforcement of those offenses, including making their proceeds subject to criminal forfeiture. It would also amend the anti-kickback statute to ensure that all claims resulting from illegal kickbacks are considered false claims for the purpose of civil action under the False Claims Act, even when the claims are not submitted directly by the wrongdoers themselves. All too often, health care providers secure business by paying illegal kickbacks, which needlessly increase health care risks and costs. This change will help ensure that the government is able to recoup from wrongdoers the losses caused by false health care fraud claims. The bill clarifies the intent requirement of another key health care fraud statute in order to facilitate effective, fair, and vigorous enforcement.  The bill also provides the Department of Justice with limited subpoena authority for civil rights investigations conducted pursuant to the Civil Rights for Institutionalized Persons Act. This provision allows the Government to more effectively investigate conditions in publicly operated institutions, such as nursing homes, mental health institutions, and residential schools for children with disabilities, where there have been allegations of civil rights violations.  Lastly, the bill provides needed resources for criminal and civil enforcement of health care fraud laws. It authorizes the appropriation of $20,000,000 a year to the Department of Justice from 2011 through 2016 for investigations, prosecutions, and civil or other proceedings relating to fraud and abuse in connection with any health care benefit program. Studies indicate a return on investment of anywhere from $6 to $15 in Government recovery of fraud proceeds for every $1 spent on health care fraud enforcement, so this is a prudent and needed investment.  We all agree that reducing the cost of health care for American citizens is a critical goal of health care reform. We in Congress must do our part by ensuring that, when we pass a health care reform bill, it includes all the tools and resources needed to crack down on the scourge of health care fraud. This bill is an important part of that effort.      By 