President, this afternoon we begin consideration of the bipartisan Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act. What this does is to strengthen the Federal Government's capacity to investigate and prosecute the kinds of financial frauds that have so severely undermined our economy; that not only undermined our economy, they have hurt so many people in this country.  It is going to give the resources and the legal tools needed to police and deter fraud. We have massive recovery efforts now being implemented. But if we do not go after those who are committing fraud against people in this country, much of that effort is going to be wasted.  I commend the Senator from Iowa, Mr. Grassley, our lead cosponsor, for his contributions to this package, and his dedication to protecting taxpayer funds by deterring, investigating, and prosecuting fraud. He worked with me to write this bill. He has been a leader on this legislation every step of the way.  I thank our many cosponsors for their steadfast support for this effort. Senator Schumer has not only supported this measure but has also introduced additional legislative proposals with Senator Shelby. Senator Kaufman is an original cosponsor and has been a strong ally. He has spoken and written about the need for fraud enforcement all year. Senator Klobuchar has participated throughout the course of Judiciary Committee consideration of this bill. As former prosecutors, she and I both know how important it is to have sufficient resources on the ground committed to deterring and discovering these devastating crimes. More recently, we have been joined in our efforts by the ranking Republican on the Judiciary Committee, another former prosecutor and friend, Senator Specter, and by Senators Snowe, Harkin, Levin, Dorgan, Whitehouse, Bayh, Shaheen, and Murray.  It is a bipartisan effort. And, actually, if you are going to go after people committing crimes and fraud, you should not consider it a Democratic or a Republican effort; this is a bipartisan effort. And we ought to be able to do it, because those who are committing the frauds did not ask if the person they are going to defraud is a Republican orDemocrat, they want to defraud them. But what we want to do is to stop them. So whether one supported the economic recovery efforts proposed by President Bush and President Obama or not, I think we can all agree no one wants that money squandered by fraud.  Whether we want to help homeowners in hard times or people who have lost their jobs or were lured into subprime mortgages--some may think it may be their fault they were lured into their subprime mortgages. But if you had people involved in mortgage fraud, they should be held accountable.  I thank the majority leader for moving to proceed to this measure. It is my hope we can get to a time agreement without being filibustered. I hope we will not have to spend a lot of time in a filibuster before we consider antifraud efforts on behalf of the American people. Everybody I talk to, whether it is in Vermont or any other State, says those who are involved in mortgage fraud, those who are involved in stealing the money, especially at a time of economic downturn, ought to be prosecuted.  Frankly, as a former prosecutor, I can tell you nothing so focuses the minds of those who want to commit fraud as if they think they might actually be arrested, convicted, and sent to prison.  We are returning from the Easter recess. During these first months of the year, the Judiciary Committee has concentrated on what it can do to assist in the economic recovery. We have already considered and reported this fraud enforcement bill, we considered and reported a patent reform bill, and we also put law enforcement assistance in the economic recovery legislation. 