 I talked with the distinguished ranking member last week on this schedule, and I would note the concerns he raised, but I am announcing today that the Senate Judiciary Committee will hold the confirmation hearing on the nomination of Judge Sonia Sotomayor to be Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court on July 13.  I have talked and met with Senator Sessions, the committee's ranking member, several times to discuss the scheduling of this hearing. I will continue to consult with Senator Sessionsto ensure that we hold a fair hearing. We were able to work cooperatively to send a bipartisan questionnaire to Judge Sotomayor within one day of her designation by President Obama. Last week the committee received her response to that questionnaire. We also received other background information from the administration, as well as the official Presidential nomination.  This is a reasonable schedule. It will be the middle of next month. It is in line with past experience. It will allow several more weeks for committee members to prepare for the hearing--several more weeks than if I had held the hearing this month--and there is no reason to unduly delay the consideration of this well-qualified nominee. Judge Sotomayor deserves the opportunity to go before the public and speak of her record, especially as some have mischaracterized and misstated it. The only place she can speak of her record is in a hearing.  It is also a responsible schedule that serves the many interests involved. Of course, first and foremost is the American people's stake in a process that is fair and thorough but not needlessly prolonged. It serves the purpose of the institution of the Senate, where we need sufficient time to prepare for a confirmation hearing. We have a full legislative plate of additional pressing business in the weeks and months ahead that is of great importance to our constituents and to the Nation. Then, of course, it serves the need of the third branch of government, which depends on the other branches of government to fill court vacancies in our independent judiciary. It serves the needs of the President who has nominated Judge Sotomayor. And lest we forget, it serves the needs of the nominee herself, who as a judge will only be able to speak publicly about her record when the hearings are convened.  This is an extremely important obligation that we as Members of the Senate take on. There are only 101 people who get a direct say in the nomination and confirmation of a Justice of the Supreme Court. First and foremost, of course, the President of the United States--and in this case, President Obama consulted with numerous Senators, Republicans and Democrats alike--prior to making his nomination. Then once the nomination is made, 100 Members of the Senate have to stand in for 300 million Americans in deciding who will get that lifetime appointment. I voted on every single current member of the Supreme Court, as well as some in the past, and I know how important an obligation that is.  The Justice who takes Justice Souter's place for the court session that convenes October 5 also needs as much time as possible to hire law clerks, to set up an office, to find a place to live here in Washington, and to take part with the rest of the Court in the preparatory work that precedes the formal start of the session on the first Monday in October.  I mention that because I have put together a schedule that tracks the process the Senate followed, by bipartisan agreement, in considering President Bush's nomination of John Roberts to the Supreme Court in 2005. At that time, I served as the ranking minority member of the Judiciary Committee. I met with our Republican chairman, and we worked out a schedule which provided for Chief Justice Roberts' hearing 48 days after he was named by President Bush.  I might say that the agreement on time was reached even before the committee received the answers to the bipartisan questionnaire. And while Justice Roberts--then Judge Roberts--had not written as many opinions as Judge Sotomayor, he had been in a political policy position in Republican administrations for years before, and there were 75,000 pages of documents from that time. In fact, some arrived almost on the eve of the hearing itself. And, of course, that nomination replaced Justice O'Connor, who was recognized as a pivotal vote on the Supreme Court.  If something that significant required 48 days, and Republicans and Democrats agreed that was sufficient to prepare for that hearing, in accordance with our agreement on the initial schedule, certainly that is a precedent that says we have more than adequate time to prepare for the confirmation hearing for Judge Sotomayor.  My initial proposal to Senator Sessions was that we begin the hearing on July 7, following the Senate's return from the Fourth of July recess. I have deferred the start date to July 13 in an effort to accommodate our Republican members. With bipartisan cooperation, we should still be able to complete Judiciary Committee consideration of the nomination during the last week in July, and allow the Senate to consider the nomination during the first week in August, before the Senate recesses on August 7.  In selecting the date, I am trying to be fair to all concerned. I want to be fair to the nominee, allowing her the earliest possible opportunity to respond to attacks made about her character. It is not fair for critics to be calling her racist--one even equating her with the head of the Ku Klux Klan, an outrageous comment, and both Republicans and Democrats have said it was outrageous--without allowing her the opportunity to speak to it, and she can't speak to it until she is in the hearing.  I also want to conclude the process without unnecessary delay so that she might participate fully in the deliberations of the Supreme Court selecting cases and preparing for its new term. In his May 1 letter to President Obama, Justice Souter announced his resignation effective ``when the Supreme Court rises for the summer recess this year,'' which will happen later this month. Thereafter, the Supreme Court prepares for the next term. To participate fully in the upcoming deliberations, it would be helpful for his successor to be confirmed and able to take part in the selection of cases as well in preparing for their argument.  I am merely following the timeline we followed with the Roberts nomination. The timeline for the Alito nomination provides no reason to delay the hearing for Judge Sotomayor. It presented a very different situation in many ways. For one thing, that nomination was made with no consultation by President Bush. By contrast, President Obama devoted several weeks to consultation with both Republicans and Democrats before making his selection. The Alito nomination was President Bush's third nomination to succeed Justice O'Connor. It followed 4 months of intense effort by the Judiciary Committee, beginning with Justice O'Connor's announcement on July 1. And finally, the Christmas holidays helped account for the timing of those hearings. I do not believe Bastille Day requires us to delay the confirmation hearings for the first Hispanic nominated to the Supreme Court for an additional 6 weeks.  Some may recall that Justice O'Connor's resignation in 2005 was contingent on the ``nomination and confirmation of [her] successor.'' She continued to serve on the Supreme Court when its new term began in October 2005, and until Justice Alito was confirmed at the end of January 2006. In addition, proceedings to fill that vacancy involved a more extended process, not only because Justice O'Connor represented a pivotal vote on the Supreme Court on so many issues, but because President Bush first nominated John Roberts and then withdrew that nomination, then nominated Harriet Miers and withdrew her nomination when Republicans and conservatives revolted, and finally nominated Samuel Alito. The nomination of Judge Alito was the third Supreme Court nomination that the Senate was asked to consider, and followed the withdrawal of the Miers nomination by only 3 days.  Given that sequence of events, and the then upcoming Christmas holiday, that hearing on the late October nomination of Samuel Alito was appropriately scheduled by the Republican Chairman to begin after the New Year. In addition, Judge Alito did not return his questionnaire until November 30. His hearing was held 40 days after his questionnaire was returned, which includes the Christmas and the holiday period. That is substantially equivalent to the 39 days between the time receipt of Judge Sotomayor's questionnaire response and her hearing.  Of course, in the case of the current nomination, Judge Sotomayor had been reported to be a leading candidate for the vacancy as soon as it arose on May 1, and her record was being studied from at least that time forward. The right wing groups attacking her were doing so long before she was named by the President on May 26, and those attacks have intensified since her designation.  I do not want to see this historic nomination of Sonia Sotomayor treated unfairly or less fairly than the Senate treated the nomination of John Roberts. In 2005, when President Bush made his first nomination to the Supreme Court, Senator McConnell, who was the majority whip, said the Senate should consider and confirm the nominations within 60 to 70 days. We worked hard to achieve that.  The nomination of Judge Sotomayor should more easily be considered within that timeframe. Judge Sotomayor has been nominated to succeed Justice Souter, a like-minded, independent and fair Justice, not bound by ideology, but one who decided each case on its merits and in accordance with the rule of law. We have the added benefit of her career being one that includes her service on the judiciary for the past 17 years. Her judicial decisions are matters of the public record. Indeed, when my staff assembled her written opinions and offered them to the Republican staff, they declined, because they already had them and were reviewing them. We have the benefit of her judicial record being public and well known to us. We have the benefit of her record having been a subject of review for the last month, since at least May 1, when she was mentioned as a leading candidate to succeed Justice Souter. We have the benefit of having considered and confirmed her twice before, first when nominated to be a judge by a Republican President and then when elevated to the circuit court by a Democratic President. We have the benefit of not having to search through Presidential libraries for work papers of the nominee. By contrast, the 75,000 pages of work papers for John Roberts required extensive time and effort to retrieve them from Presidential libraries and to overcome claims of privilege. In fact, they were still being received just days before the hearing.  To delay Judge Sotomayor's hearing until September would double the amount of time that Republicans and Democrats agreed was adequate to prepare for Judge Roberts' hearing. That would not be fair or appropriate. That would not be equal treatment.  Unlike the late July nomination of John Roberts, this nomination of Judge Sotomayor by President Obama was announced in May. Unlike the resignation of Justice O'Connor that was not announced until July, the retirement of Justice Souter was made official on May 1. Given that the vacancy arose 2 months earlier, and the nomination was made after bipartisan consultation 2 months earlier, by following the Roberts roadmap, we should be able to complete the process 2 months earlier. We should be able to complete the entire process by the scheduled recess date of August 7.  Of course, while the Roberts nomination was pending, Chief Justice Rehnquist passed away and President Bush decided to withdraw the initial nomination to be an Associate Justice, and proceeded to nominate John Roberts to succeed the Chief Justice, instead. We did not insist that the process start over; rather, we continued to move forward. It was the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, with its destruction and toll in damage and human life, that pushed the start of the hearings back 1 week, by bipartisan agreement.  We were still able to complete Senate consideration and the Senate confirmed John Roberts to be the Chief Justice 72 days after he was initially designated to be an Associate Justice. We did this despite the fact his initial nomination was withdrawn and only shortly before his hearing he was renominated to serve as the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. And we did this despite the terrible aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, where everybody--Republicans and Democrats alike--agreed that we should hold back a week on the hearings so we could all concentrate the Nation's resources on Hurricane Katrina. So that required a week's delay. If we followed the same schedule, 72 days after Judge Sotomayor was nominated to the Supreme Court would be August 6--and we will not have to lose 7 of those days to Hurricane Katrina.  Her historic nomination should be treated as fairly as the nomination of John Roberts was treated by the Senate. Given the outrageous attacks on Judge Sotomayor's character, I do not think it fair to delay her hearing. I cringed when I was told that, during the courtesy visit Judge Sotomayor paid to Senator McConnell, reporters shouted questions about conservatives calling her a racist. She had to sit there silently and could not respond. She deserves that opportunity as soon as possible.  The hearing is the opportunity for all Senators on the Judiciary Committee, both Republicans and Democrats, to ask questions, to raise concerns, and to evaluate the nominee. As Senator Sessions' Saturday radio speech ably demonstrates, Republican Senators are already prepared to ask their questions. Last week, we were considering another judicial nomination at the meeting of the Judiciary Committee when Senator Kyl suggested that he may oppose all of President Obama's nominees given what he views as the criteria President Obama is considering in selecting them. Republicans have questioned whether her recognition that she brings her life experience with her, as all judges do, is somehow disqualifying.  Our Republican colleagues have said they intend to ask her about her judicial philosophy. It doesn't take a month to prepare to ask these questions. In fact, most of them have already raised the questions. They will surely be prepared to ask them more than a month from now. And during that month, we have a week's vacation from the Senate. I intend to be using that week--without the interruption of committee hearings, without the interruption of votes, without the interruption of the regular Senate business--to prepare for the hearings. I would advise those Senators who feel they have to have extra time to forgo your vacation and spend that week preparing for the hearing. Holding Judge Sotomayor's hearing on July 13 will, in effect, afford 10 weeks for them to have prepared.  Because this is a historic nomination, I hope all Senators will cooperate. It is a schedule that I think is both fair and adequate--fair to the nominee, but also adequate for the Senate to prepare for the hearing and Senate consideration. There is no reason to indulge in needless and unreasonable delay.  I say this is a historic nomination because it should unite and not divide the American people and the Senate. Hers is a distinctly American story. Whether you are from the south Bronx or the south side of Chicago or south Burlington, VT, the American dream inspires all of us. Her life story is the American dream. And so, I might add, is the journey of the President who nominated her.  Some are simply spoiling for a fight. There have been too many unfair attacks, people unfairly calling her racist and bigoted. I know Sonia Sotomayor, and nothing could be further from the truth. These are some of the same people who vilify Justice Souter and Justice O'Connor. Americans deserve better. There are others who have questioned her character and temperament. She deserves a fair hearing, not a trial by attack and assaults upon her character. So let's proceed to give her that fair hearing without unnecessary delay.  I am also disappointed that some have taken to suggesting that after 17 years as a Federal judge, including 11 as a member of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, Judge Sotomayor does not understand ``the judge's role.'' I know her to be a restrained and thoughtful judge. She has reportedly agreed with judges appointed by Republican Presidents 95 percent of the time. Let us respect her achievements, her experience and her understanding. Let no one demean this extraordinary woman or her understanding of the constitutional duties she has faithfully performed for the last 17 years. I urge all Senators to join with me to fulfill our constitutional duties with respect.  I have said many times on the floor of this great body over my 35 years here that as Senators we should be the conscience of the Nation, as we are called upon to be. There have been occasions when this Senate--Republicans and Democrats alike--has united and shown they can be the conscience of the Nation. I would say this is one time we should rise above partisanship and be that conscience.  When I met with Judge Sotomayor, I asked her about her approach to the law. She answered that, of course, one's life experience shapes who you are, but ultimately and completely--her words--as a judge, you follow the law. There is not one law for one race or another. There is not one law for one color or another. There is not one law for rich, a different one for poor. There is not one law for those who belong to one political party or another. There is one law for all Americans. And she made it very emphatic that as a judge, you follow that one law.  There is only one law. We all know that. She said, ultimately and completely a judge has to follow the law, no matter what their upbringing has been. That is the kind of fair and impartial judging that the American people expect. That is respect for the rule of law. That is the kind of judge she has been.  The purpose of the hearing is to allow Senators to ask questions and raise their concerns. It is also the time the American people can see the nominee, consider her temperament and evaluate her character, too. I am disappointed that some Republican Senators have declared that they will vote no on this historic nomination and have made that announcement before giving the nominee a fair chance to be heard at her hearing. It is incumbent on us to allow the nominee an opportunity to be considered fairly and allow her to respond to false criticism of her record and her character. Those who are critical and have doubts should support the promptest possible hearing. That is where questions can be asked and answered. That is why we hold hearings.  Judge Sotomayor is extraordinarily well equipped to serve on the Nation's highest court. To borrow the phrase that the First Lady used last week, not only do I believe that Judge Sotomayor is prepared to serve all Americans on the Supreme Court, I believe the country is more than ready to see this accomplished Hispanic woman do just that. This is a historic nomination, and it is an occasion for the Senate and our great Nation to come together. This is the time for us to come together.  The process is another step toward the American people regaining confidence in their judiciary. Our independent judiciary is considered to be the envy of the world. Though less visible than the other two branches, the judiciary is a vital part of the infrastructure that knits our Nation together under the rule of law. Every time I walk up the steps into the Supreme Court, I look at the words over the entrance to the Supreme Court. They are engraved in marble from my native State of Vermont. Those words say: ``Equal Justice Under Law.'' The nomination of Judge Sotomayor keeps faith with that model.  Her experience as a trial court judge will be important. Only Justice Souter of those currently on the Supreme Court previously served as a trial court judge. Judge Sotomayor has the added benefit of having been in law enforcement as a tough prosecutor who received her early training in the office of the longtime and storied New York District Attorney, Robert Morgenthau.  I appreciate that she has shown restraint as a judge. We do not need another Supreme Court Justice intent on second-guessing Congress, undercutting laws passed to benefit Americans and protect their liberties, and making light of judicial precedent.  President Obama handled the selection process with the care that the American people expect and deserve, and met with Senators from both sides of the aisle. Senator Sessions suggested to the President that it was important to nominate someone with a judicial record. Judge Sotomayor has more judicial experience than any nominee in recent history.  I wanted someone outside the judicial monastery, and whose experiences were not limited to those in the rarified air of the Federal appellate courts. Her background as someone who was largely raised by a working mother in the South Bronx, who has never forgotten where she came from, means a great deal to me. Judge Sotomayor has a first-rate legal mind and impeccable credentials. I think she combines the best of what Senator Sessions and I recommended that the President look for in his nominee.  The Supreme Court's decisions have a fundamental impact on Americans' everyday lives. One need look no further than the Lilly Ledbetter and Diana Levine cases to understand how just one vote can determine the Court's decision and impact the lives and freedoms of countless Americans.  I believe Judge Sotomayor will continue to do what she has always done as a judge--applying the law to the case before her. I do not believe she will act in the mold of conservative activists who second-guess Congress and undercut laws meant to protect Americans from discrimination in their jobs and in voting, to protect the access of Americans to health care and education, and to protect their privacy from an overreaching government.  I believe Judge Sotomayor understands that the courthouse doors must be as open to ordinary Americans as they are to government and big corporations.  President Obama is to be commended for having consulted with Senators from both sides of the aisle. I was with him on some of the occasions that he did. I have had Senators come up to me, Republican Senators, and tell me they had never been called by a President of their own party, to say nothing of a Democratic President, to talk about a Supreme Court nominee. But President Obama did call and reach out.  Now it is the Senate's duty to come to the fore. I believe all Senators, of both parties, will work with me to consider this nomination in a fair and timely manner.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  