President, I am pleased that the Senate has passed the Department of Homeland Security appropriations conference report. This legislation contains important funding for the Department of Homeland Security to carry out its various responsibilities. I commend Chairman Inouye and Subcommittee Chairman Byrd for their hard work on this legislation, and also for their support of a vibrant immigration program that fosters direct investment in U.S. job creation that is extended through this legislation.  The conference report we will pass today contains a 3-year extension for the EB-5 regional center program. This extension will bring badly needed stability to this program. Foreign investors who look to the regional center program must have the confidence that the Federal Government supports and believes in this program. Stakeholders that rely on financing through this program must have the predictability that this 3-year extension will help provide. As the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services expressed to the Senate Judiciary Committee during a recent hearing about this program, the biggest impediment to the EB-5 regional center program is its lack of permanence. I have long believed in the potential of this program as an economic engine for America's communities. Given the recent and rapid expansion in the number of approved regional centers around the country, it is clear that many Americans recognize this potential, as well.  In an effort to make this program an integral part of our immigration system, I offered an amendment to the Homeland Security appropriations bill on the Senate Floor to provide for its permanent authorization. That amendment was overwhelmingly adopted. Unfortunately, the conference committee did not retain that permanent authorization, and once again, irrational immigration politics got in the way of good policy. Instead of making permanent a program that has created thousands of American jobs and brought more than $1 billion of capital investment into our communities since 2006, the conference was compelled to sacrifice this opportunity for no legitimate reason. However, it is still heartening to know that over the next 3 years the citizens who are working to better their communities through the regional center program will be able to do so without the fear of constant interruption and uncertainty.  I want to take a moment to commend all of the resourceful business people who have turned to this program to finance key economic development projects in their communities. Despite the hurdles that have continually hampered the efforts I have led to renew the program, the stakeholder community has not only continued to work hard on improving local economies across the country, but has directly engaged Members of Congress to ensure that this program does not wither away. As a result of their efforts to retain a strong extension in the conference report, I am confident that many more Members of Congress have a better understanding of this program's potential and importance in their own communities.  These stakeholders all deserve thanks for the jobs and capital investment they are bringing to their communities. In Vermont, people like Bill Stenger at Jay Peak Resort and Win Smith at Sugarbush Resort have used the EB-5 program to keep Vermont's ski industry a vibrant and foundational part of the Vermont economy. As a direct result of the EB-5 regional center program and in a very difficult economic environment, dozens of subcontractors in Northeastern Vermont are hard at work on a project financed through the EB-5 Regional Center program. And in an effort to build on these successes, the State of Vermont is actively involved in working to expand the business sectors covered by Vermont's regional center so that technology firms and other diverse Vermont business enterprises can market their investment opportunities to a global audience. My efforts will continue in support of the regional center program. I look forward to helping Vermont and States across the country realize the full potential of this program through a permanent authorization.  I am also pleased that the conference retained an important measure to correct a serious inequity in immigration law commonly known as the widow penalty. Prior to the corrective amendment contained in this legislation, a foreign national widow or widower of a U.S. citizen was put into the untenable position of not only losing their spouse but losing their lawful permanent residence and path to U.S. citizenship. To underscore the nature of this injustice: In cases where a marriage was entered in good faith and without any fraud or ill intent, if the U.S. citizen spouse passed away during the period of conditional residency, the immigration agency took the position that the widow or widower no longer had standing to become a lawful permanent resident. This is wrong, and for a society that places such great value on family, a truly unfortunate position. The amendment in this legislation, which I and other Senators worked hard to ensure was retained in the conference report, will end this injustice.  The conference report also contains an amendment to extend a visa program that allows individuals from around the world dedicated to working on behalf of their religious faiths to come to the United States to do just that. I am pleased that the efforts I and others made to ensure this measure was retained have resulted in its adoption.  Finally, I commend the conference committee for rejecting an amendment that would have done little more than waste taxpayer dollars and cause further harm to the rights of property owners and the environment along our southern border. The conference committee wisely rejected an amendment that would have, in effect, required the Department of Homeland Security to tear down and rebuild hundreds of miles of barriers between the United States and Mexico that have already been constructed, at enormous expense to taxpayers. The Secure Fence Act, a piece of legislation I strongly opposed, directed the Department of Homeland Security to build border fencing and other barriers as a response to illegal border crossings. The Department carried out this legislative command during the Bush administration and constructed pedestrian fencing with vehicle barriers and other infrastructure. The amendment that was rejected by the conference committee would have compounded the negative effects that attended the border fence's original construction, and wasted taxpayer dollars in the process. I commend the conference for its wisdom in not accepting this amendment.  Mr. President, I commend the Senate for enacting the Leahy-Cornyn OPEN FOIA Act--a commonsense bill to promote more openness regarding statutory exemptions to the Freedom of Information Act, FOIA--as part of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, H.R. 2892. This FOIA reform measure builds upon the work that Senator Cornyn and I began several years ago to reinvigorate and strengthen FOIA by enacting the first major reforms to that law in more than a decade.  The Freedom of Information Act has served as perhaps the most important Federal law to protect the public's right to know for more than four decades. The OPEN FOIA Act will help to ensure that FOIA remains a meaningful tool to help future generations of Americans access government information.  The OPEN FOIA Act will make certain that when Congress provides for a statutory exemption to FOIA in new legislation, Congress states its intention to do so explicitly and clearly. In recent years, we have witnessed a growing number of so-called ``FOIA (b)(3) exemptions'' in proposed legislation--often in very ambiguous terms--to the detriment of the American public's right to know.  During a recent FOIA oversight hearing held by the Judiciary Committee, the president and CEO of the Associated Press, Tom Curley, testified that legislative exemptions to FOIA ``constitute a very large black hole in our open records law.'' The Sunshine in Government Initiative, a coalition of media groups dedicated to improving government transparency, has identified approximately 250 different statutory exemptions to FOIA that are used by Federal agencies to deny Americans' FOIA requests. This is an alarming statistic that should concern all of us, regardless of party affiliation or ideology.  By enacting the OPEN FOIA Act, Congress has taken an important step towards shining more light on the process of creating legislative exemptions to FOIA, so that our government will be more open and accountable to the American people. I thank Senators Lieberman, Graham and Cornyn, and Representative Price, for working with me on this measure. I also thank the distinguished chairmen and ranking members of the Senate and House Appropriations Committees--Senators Inouye and Cochran and Representatives Obey and Lewis--for their support of this open government measure.  President Obama--who supported the OPEN FOIA Act when he was in the Senate--has demonstrated his commitment to enacting this measure, as have the many FOIA, open government and media organizations that have tirelessly supported this measure since it was first introduced in 2005, including OpenTheGovernmnet.org, the Sunshine in Government Initiative, the National Security Archive and the American Civil Liberties Union.  I have said many times before--during both Democratic and Republican administrations--that freedom of information is neither a Democratic issue nor a Republican issue. It is an American issue. I commend the Congress for taking this significant step to reinvigorate FOIA and I urge the President to promptly sign this provision into law.  