President, I rise to join Senator Mikulski, the chairwoman of the Commerce, Justice, and Science, CJS, Appropriations Subcommittee, and Senator Klobuchar in a colloquy about the importance of the Community Orienting Policing Services, COPS, grant program. I would first like to thank my friend from Maryland for her tireless work and leadership on this bill. I know Senator Klobuchar and I and many others are very thankful that the Appropriations Committee included funding for the COPS Universal Hiring Program in this bill.  It is important now more than ever that we support our State and local law enforcement agencies that are on the front lines in combating crime. With unemployment on the rise and tax revenues plummeting, the conditions are ripe for crime rates to climb again. States and municipalities are being forced to slash their budgets, including critical funding for police, who will need to cut their already depleted ranks even further without help. As crime escalates, there will be fewer officers and resources to protect our families and communities, unless we act now.  Providing timely funding for the COPS Hiring Program will not only help to address vital crime prevention needs but will also have an immediate and positive impact on the economy by allowing State and local police forces to quickly fill vacancies and hire new officers and staff. In police hiring, nearly 100 percent of the money goes directly to job creation. These are good, middle-class jobs for middle-class people, and they can be filled immediately. These are often jobs for people who live in the hardest hit communities and will spend their money close to home.  Eliminating the 25-percent nonfederal match requirement, as the House bill does, will ensure that funds get to State and local law enforcement fast, meaning that law enforcement officers can be hired fast, without putting a new burden on states and localities that are already strapped during this time of financial distress. The match requirement could cause strained States and localities to decline COPS funding they would otherwise take, meaning fewer jobs would be created.  In its first hearing of the new Congress, the Senate Judiciary Committee received testimony from police chiefs and former Justice Department officials who explained that helping our local police during this economic downturn is needed now more than ever to keep America safe and keep our economy moving. Waiving the nonfederal match requirement in the economic recovery and reinvestment package will further ensure that police forces will be able to quickly refill their ranks and get more cops on the beat.  