I am not surprised, on a Saturday morning, that she is here.  Before I begin, I wish to state my appreciation for the kind words from the majority leader for the Senator from Vermont. He and I have been friends for decades. I am glad to see the work he has done in bringing this bill to the floor. I intend to work closely with him.  Decision time is near on health insurance reform. I will vote today to end the filibuster so the Senate can begin this important, historic debate to improve and reform our Nation's health insurance system. Let's not duck the debate. Let the debate begin. Let's not hide from votes. Let's have the courage to vote. Stand up and vote on the amendments. Let the American people know where we stand and not say: Well, it never came up because of the filibuster. We can end the filibuster today. We can get going. We can let every American know where we stand.  The sentries of the status quo again have spared no effort to kick the can down the road, as they have done before. The country suffers when there is a failure to act on serious challenges that millions of ordinary Americans face in their daily lives. This is a defining moment for the Senate and for the country. I rank this along with other major decisions such as the creation of Social Security and Medicare and the Civil Rights Act. We have been talking about health insurance reform for more than 70 years, before I was born. The Senate should not now prevent a real debate on health reform by hiding behind the figleaf of a procedural filibuster.  A bill worthy of this debate has been produced, after months of arduous work. Opponents of reform, unfortunately, have wasted much of the public's time by provoking arguments over their distortions about what health reform means. Spurious rumors were spread about death panels. One mailing opposing this bill claimed that reform would mean denying care to people based on their voting records. How desperate can these entrenched powers get, those who want to stop health care reform? These are the tactics of obstruction in the service of the status quo.  Meanwhile, what the American people yearn for are constructive solutions. They want an honest debate, not a filibuster. That is what they deserve, and that is what we owe them.  A Vermonter came by my office to talk about health reform, as so many have over the last several months. I hear this every time when I am home in Vermont. If I am in the gas station putting gas in my car, if I am in the grocery store, if I am coming out of church on Sunday, I hear this. This Vermonter is a physician. He has a special perspective from inside the system. He recalled stories about his father, also a very respected doctor, who practiced in the days before Medicare. He remembered the devastation his father felt when he was forced to turn away elderly Vermonters because they did not have health insurance.  It may be difficult today to even imagine this, but before Medicare, older Americans were routinely driven into poverty during their retirement years by health expenses. Before Medicare was launched in 1964, nearly half of seniors over 65 had no health coverage and more than one in three lived in poverty. Today, because of Medicare, virtually everyone 65 and older has health insurance. The poverty rate among seniors has plummeted. More than 100,000 Vermonters have Medicare insurance.  The arguments that were made against creating Medicare may sound familiar. Opponents of Medicare, when it first came up, tried to demonize the plan. They claimed it would never work. How could government run a program like this? They ignored those older Americans living in poverty. But eventually Members from both sides of the aisle, Republicans and Democrats, worked together. They passed a bill that is one of the most successful and popular programs in America today. Vermont's entire congressional delegation, which at that time was Republican, supported passage of that landmark legislation.  Today, we have a health system with contradictions. Federal investments in research and private investments in development have produced modern medical marvels in the equipment, training, techniques, and drugs that are available to many Americans. Yet in the prices we pay, in the lack of access to basic medical care, in the loopholes and the redtape that plague ordinary Americans in our health insurance system and in overall results in so many categories, we get far less for our enormous health care spending than do thecitizens of countries whose health care costs are only a fraction of what ours are. Tens of millions of Americans have no health insurance at all. Employers who want to offer health insurance to their workers are being priced out of even having that option anymore. Self-employed Americans must pay dearly to afford any insurance, and they can lose their coverage at the whim of an insurance company's bureaucracy. In no modern nation except ours are families actually driven into bankruptcy by illness. In fact, medical expenses are one of the top reasons for bankruptcy in America today.  In the absence of a fair and sensible health insurance system, families, businesses, and taxpayers have been dragged along by an inflationary curve that only worsens with time. Next year, small businesses, already suffering from skyrocketing medical costs, will see their premiums rise by an average of 15 percent. That is twice the rate of last year's increases. Drug companies have boosted prices of brand-name drugs by about 9 percent over the last year--the steepest increase in years. All you have to do is look at the huge salaries paid to their executives, and you know where that money is going. It is not going to help the health care of the average American.  Can't we fashion an American-made solution so our citizens can have high-quality, affordable care and access to basic health insurance? Of course we can. We are Americans. We can develop that.  The bill introduced this week by the majority leader and by Senators Baucus, Dodd, and Harkin will give millions more Americans access to quality, affordable health care. It would end discriminatory treatment of those who change jobs or have preexisting conditions.  I have pushed and will continue to push to accomplish the three c's of choice, competition, and cost control, as we reform our health insurance system.  I am encouraged that the Senate bill includes a public option that I have strongly supported. I might say, the majority of Americans strongly support it. I will stand with others as we make our case for keeping it in the reform plan as part of this process.  I was proud to join Senator Brown and a core group of more than 20 other Senators who introduced a resolution affirming our support of a public option. A public option would give consumers more choices to select affordable and quality health insurance plans, while helping to drive down overall medical costs through real competition in the health insurance market.  To further enhance the advantages of a competitive market, I have introduced the Health Insurance Industry Antitrust Enforcement Act of 2009. This would repeal the antitrust exemption for health insurance and medical malpractice insurance providers. Closing this loophole in our antitrust laws is long overdue, and I will offer my legislation as an amendment to the bill to do that. Antitrust enforcement promotes competition. It helps to lower prices and expand consumer choice.  Another factor that contributes to the rising medical costs all Americans face is fraud within the health insurance system. The scale of health care fraud in our system today is staggering. Studies estimate that between 3 percent and 10 percent of all our health care spending, both public and private, is wasted through health care fraud. That is somewhere between $60 billion and $220 billion each year--money we should have for health care, not going in the pockets of crooks.  To help wring this waste out of our system, Senator Kaufman and I and others have proposed the Health Care Fraud Enforcement Act. Our bill would toughen sentences for those who commit health care fraud, strengthen support for prevention, investigation, and prosecution of health care fraud, and sharpen the legal tools we need to go after this fraud. It would prevent waste in spending. It would hold accountable those who do the stealing. Experience shows antifraud efforts give taxpayers a superb return on investment, with a payback of between $6 and $14 for every dollar we spend on enforcement.  I am pleased the majority leader included provisions in this bill to address the issue of health care fraud. I will work with Senator Kaufman and others to strengthen that bill.  Vermont has helped pave the way for some of the reforms included in this bill, and now, for the third year in a row, Vermont has been ranked as the healthiest State in the Nation. Vermont is one of the earliest leaders in expanding the State Medicaid Program, under reforms led by former Gov. Howard Dean and others. Yet under the current form of this bill, Vermont would not share the enhanced Federal match to be offered to other States. That would amount to a regressive policy with adverse practical ramifications for Vermont, a State that is a leader in expanding access to health care. I was heartened in my conversation this morning with the majority leader when he told me he will try to correct that problem. But we cannot correct any of these problems until we debate the bill. Let's not hide under our desks because we are afraid to stand up and vote and debate.  The people of Vermont have given me the honor of representing them in the Senate for 35 years. I have joined in many debates that were contentious yet ultimately productive. I have been on the winning side. I have been on the losing side. But as we leaf through the pages of history, we can read of many times when the Senate has shown its remarkable ability to rise up to reflect the conscience of the Nation. Those moments were forged in the crucible of national need, against the anvil of the tempered will of the Senate's membership.  This Senate can do that again. Our dear friend, Senator Ted Kennedy, said it so well in the letter about the health reform imperative that President Obama read to a joint meeting of Congress. This is what Senator Kennedy reminded us:       What we face is above all a moral issue; that at stake are      not just the details of policy, but fundamental principles of      social justice and the character of our country.  This is such a time. It is my hope and belief the Senate I love will once again rise to the occasion.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  