Presdient, many independent studies that have closely examined Judge Sotomayor's record have concluded that hers is a record of applying the law, not bias. For example, the American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously found Judge Sotomayor to be ``well qualified''--its highest rating--after conducting a thorough evaluation that included an examination of her integrity and freedom from bias. The Chair of the Standing Committee testified, ``the committee unanimously found an absence of any bias in the nominee's extensive work,'' and described Judge Sotomayor's opinions as ``show[ing] an adherence to precedent and an absence of attempts to set policy based on the judge's personal views.''  Numerous other studies from groups such as the Congressional Research Service, the New York City Bar Association, the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse, the National Association of Women Lawyers, and the nonpartisan Brennan Center for Justice, have reached similar conclusions. These studies were entered into the record during Judge Sotomayor's confirmation hearings. Nothing in these studies or in her 17 year record on the bench raises a concern that Judge Sotomayor would substitute feelings for the command of the law.  Judge Sotomayor's critics attack her by pretending that President Obama does not respect the Constitution and the rule of law. They are wrong. They attack him for using the word empathy to describe one of the qualities he is looking for in a judicial nominee. He has never said that empathy is intended to override the rule of law. It is, nonetheless, ironic that the Senate Republican leader has criticized Judge Sotomayor for not being more empathetic and ruling for Frank Ricci, Ben Vargas, and the other plaintiffs despite the well-settled law in the Second Circuit which she applied in that case.  They attack her by misconstruing what empathy means. Empathy is understanding and awareness. That is what Justice Alito was testifying about at his confirmation hearing. That is what Justice Thomas was testifying about when he said that what he would bring to the Supreme Court ``isan understanding and the ability to stand in the shoes of other people across a broad spectrum of this country.'' Justice Alito and Justice Thomas were not testifying that they would be biased. What the partisan critics do not appreciate is that the opposite of empathy is indifference and a lack of understanding. Empathy does not mean biased or mean picking one side over another, it means understanding both sides.  When she was designated by the President, Judge Sotomayor said: ``The wealth of experiences, personal and professional, have helped me appreciate the variety of perspectives that present themselves in every case that I hear. It has helped me to understand, respect, and respond to the concerns and arguments of all litigants who appear before me, as well as to the views of my colleagues on the bench. I strive never to forget the real-world consequences of my decisions on individuals, businesses, and government.''  It took a Supreme Court that understood the real world to see that the seeming fair-sounding doctrine of ``separate but equal'' was a straightjacket of inequality. We do not need more conservative activists second guessing Congress and who through judicial extremism override congressional judgments intended to protect Americans' voting rights, privacy rights and access to health care and education.  In her widely misconstrued speech at the University of California at Berkeley, Judge Sotomayor said: ``[J]udges must transcend their personal sympathies and prejudices and aspire to achieve a greater degree of fairness and integrity based on the reason of law.'' That parallels what Chief Justice Roberts said at his confirmation hearing when he testified about ``the ideal in the American justice system'' and judges ``doing their best to interpret the law, to interpret the Constitution, according to the rule of law'' and not substituting their own personal agenda.  Those who spent days asking Judge Sotomayor to explain what she meant in a partial quotation from that speech about the decisions reached by a ``wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences'' miss that she begins that statement with the words, ``I would hope.'' They miss that her statement is aspirational. She would ``hope'' that she and the other Hispanic women judges would be ``wise'' in their decisionmaking and that their experiences would help inform them and help provide that wisdom. Judge Sotomayor's critics have ignored her modesty in not claiming to be perfect, but rather in aspiring to the greatest wisdom and fairness she can achieve.  These critics also miss that Judge Sotomayor was pointing out a path to greater fairness and fidelity to law by acknowledging that despite the aspiration she shares with other judges, there are imperfections of human judging. By acknowledging rather than ignoring that while all judges seek to set aside their personal views, they do not always succeed, and we can be on guard against those views influencing judicial outcomes.  Judge Sotomayor has described herself as ``an ordinary person who has been blessed with extraordinary opportunities and experiences.'' In her opening statement at her Supreme Court confirmation hearing she spoke about witnessing the ``human consequences'' of judicial decisions. She testified that her judicial decisions ``have not been made to serve the interests of any one litigant, but always to serve the large interest of impartial justice.''  We have a long and important tradition in the law of seeking justice and fairness and equity. Judge Sotomayor spoke about the meaning of the word ``justice'' a decade ago and said: ``Almost every person in our society is moved by that one word. It is a word embodied with a spirit that rings in the hearts of people. It is an elegant and beautiful word that moves people to believe that the law is something special.''  In this country, the law is special, and it is special because of what it protects and what it can do. In England there were separate law courts and chancery courts. But, in the United States we have combined these functions to be performed by all of our Federal judges.  We all talk about the importance of judges following the law. Yet we should remember that the law that judges must follow includes the reconstruction amendments and particularly the 14th amendment, which transformed the rule of law and the role of judges and Congress in the United States. In the aftermath of the bloody, tragic Civil War, the 14th amendment was passed to give the courts and the Congress a more active role in defining and protecting civil rights. The complete abolition of slavery was only a part of its grand purpose. It was driven by a profound desire to arm the newly freed slaves--and all Americans--with the rule of law--set forth in the grand phrasing of the equal protection, due process, and privileges or immunities clauses--to guarantee their equal rights against invidious governmental discrimination.  The 14th amendment does not supplant but reinforces the historical equitable powers of our courts to redress problems. It is not just the statutes Congress writes, but also the precedent and interpretations of the courts that make up the law. We have a strong common law tradition in that regard. And we have a powerful equitable tradition that ensures that fairness and justice are done.  We need judges who appreciate when and how to use their equitable powers. Judges who follow the law are empowered to enjoin illegal behavior, as the Supreme Court did in its historic series of orders enjoining the States and others from segregating schools on the basis of race. This does not mean that our courts have the power to remedy every problem in America. They do not. In addition, they can abuse their power, as I think the Supreme Court did when it intervened in the Presidential election in 2000 and determined its outcome. But, we should never forget that it is through its equitable powers that the Supreme Court and most other courts in this country are able to do justice and to ensure fairness and equity. In that regard, I believe that the experience and wisdom Judge Sotomayor has gained from an extraordinary life will benefit all Americans.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  