President, Senator Kit Bond and I have worked for many years together as cochairs of the Senate National Guard Caucus. With the assistance of Chairman Levin, we were able to enact landmark legislation in the fiscal year 2008 Defense authorization bill that among other actions elevated the chief of the National Guard from three-star general to full general. That so-called National Guard Empowerment Act was designed to ensure that the Guard has a seat at the table in major budget and policy decisions.  There were some important lessons learned as the Department of Defense moved forward with executing the important changes for the Guard implemented in the fiscal year 2008 Defense bill. One glaring omission in the reorganization of the Guard Bureau was the absence of a vice chief.  This evening, Senator Bond and I have again worked closely with Chairman Levin and the Armed Services Committee to address this situation. We have proposed and the Senate has adopted an amendment to create the position of vice chief at the National Guard Bureau. This position is critical to the National Guard Bureau and will further improve the day-to-day operations of the National Guard organizing, training and equipping over 460,000 soldiers, airman and civilian forces serving in the United States and overseas.  Since the elevation of the chief of the National Guard Bureau to a full general, the roles and responsibilities of the chief have greatly expanded. Much as there is a vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, it became apparent that the National Guard chief needs a senior general officer serving as a vice chief to adequately assist the chief with the demands of that new elevated role.  In its new capacity as a joint activity, the National Guard bureau has a greater number of joint and interagency responsibilities assigned to it. The vice chief will provide essential support to the chief to execute these responsibilities.  I join with Senator Bond in thanking Chairman Levin, the Armed Services Committee and all of our Senate colleagues for adopting this amendment to create a vice chief at the National Guard Bureau. Over the past 10 years, our nation has called on our Guard forces at home and abroad like never before. The Senate is again recognizing the role the Guard serves in our national defense by passing this important amendment.  