Eric Holder to be the next Attorney General of the United States. One of the Justice Department's essential roles in our Federal system of government is to protect the civil rights of all Americans, including those that prohibit discrimination. The Bush administration's erosion of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission's long held interpretation of our discrimination laws has created a new obstacle for victims of pay discrimination to receive justice. The Justice Department has advocated a position that has set back the progress we had made toward eliminating workplace discrimination. This was a mistake. Unfortunately, five Justices on the Supreme Court adopted the Justice Department's erroneous interpretation of congressional intent. That decision necessitates our action here today. We must pass legislation so that employers are not rewarded for deceiving workers about their illegal conduct. Equal pay for equal work should be a given in this country.  I expect we will hear from some opponents of the bill that somehow this legislation will encourage workers who are being paid less as a result of discrimination to delay filing suit for equal pay. This argument defies logic. Anyone who heard Lilly Ledbetter's testimony last year before either the Senate Judiciary Committee or the Senate Heath, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee knows that Ms. Ledbetter, like other victims of pay discrimination, have no incentive to delay filing suit. In the wake of the Supreme Court's decision in Ledbetter, their employers now have a great incentive to delay revealing their discriminatory conduct--blanket immunity. The reality is that many employers do not allow their employees to learn how their compensation compares to their coworkers. Workers like Ms. Ledbetter and their families are the ones hurt by reduced paychecks, not their corporate employers. These victims have the burden of proving the discrimination occurred and that evidentiary task is only made more difficult as time goes on. The bipartisan Ledbetter Fair Pay Restoration Act of 2009 does not disturb the protections built into existing law for employers such as limiting back pay in most cases to 2 years. The legislation does not eliminate the existing statute of limitations. Instead, it reinstates the interpretation of when the 180 day time limit begins to run. In this way it allows workers who are continuing to be short-changed to challenge that ongoing discrimination when the employer conceals its initial discriminatory pay decision.  Opponents of the Fair Pay Restoration Act will no doubt raise even more absurd reasons for opposing equal pay for equal work. They will no doubt claim that somehow trial lawyers will benefit. The reality is that the Supreme Court's Ledbetter decision could actually lead to more litigation because workers will feel the need to file premature claims so that time does not run out. The Congressional Budget Office has concluded that this legislation ``would not establish a new cause of action for claims of pay discrimination'' and ``would not significantly affect the number of filings with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission'' or with the Federal courts.  Congress passed title VII of the Civil Rights Act to protect employees against discrimination with respect to compensation because of an individual's race, color, religion, sex or national origin but the Supreme Court'sLedbetter decision goes against both the spirit and clear intent of title VII of the Civil Rights Act. It also sends the message to employers that wage discrimination cannot be punished as long as it is kept under wraps. At a time when one-third of private sector employers have rules prohibiting employees from discussing their pay with each other, the Court's decision ignores a reality of the workplace--pay discrimination is often intentionally concealed.  As the executive director of the U.S. Women's Chamber of Commerce recently noted, ``The Fair Pay Restoration Act rewards those who play fair--including women business owners--unlike the Supreme Court's decision, which seems to give an unfair advantage to those who skirt the rules.'' This legislation will encourage all corporations to treat their employees fairly.  Unfortunately, this bipartisan civil rights legislation was filibustered in the last Congress. Considering how deeply the recent economic downturn has affected American families, we cannot afford another filibuster of this common sense legislation. I am pleased to join Senators Mikulski, Snowe, Kennedy and others in pressing for the immediate passage of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Restoration Act of 2009.  