President, today, if the Senate votes to pass the national defense authorization bill, Congress will at long last pass into law the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2009. It is an important and historic step to reaffirm our values as Americans and show that violence against members of any group because of who they are will not be tolerated in this country. I am proud that this Congress and this administration have made this critical measure a top priority.  This is a step that has taken far too long. I have been working hard, as have many others, for more than a decade since the horrific murders of Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr., galvanized the Nation. When Attorney General Holder testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee in June, it was the second time he had testified in support of this important bill. A full decade earlier he had testified as Deputy Attorney General in support of the passage of hate crimes. Since that time, he noted that ``there have been over 77,000 hate crime incidents reported to the FBI, not counting crimes committed in 2008 and 2009. That is nearly one hate crime every hour of every day over a decade.''  I offered the Matthew Shepard Hate Crimes Prevention Act as an amendment to the Defense authorization bill, and I was joined by my fellow New Englander, Senator Collins, in the effort. She has taken a leadership role on several important civil rights measures and now can add this to her long list of bipartisan accomplishments.  With the passage of this measure, for the first time our Federal law will protect a segment of Americans who have been under attack for too long. The LGBT community deserves its civil rights just as the rest of Americans do.  I commend Senator Levin for working so hard to ensure that this provision would go forward as part of the conference report. I congratulate the Senate majority leader, Senator Reid, for his essential role in this matter. Yesterday I noted the steadfast leadership Senator Ted Kennedy provided on this issue, as on so many others, for more than a decade. We think of him as we see his good work go forward.  Earlier this month was the 11th anniversary of the brutal murder of Matthew Shepard, a college student who was beaten and killed solely because of his sexual orientation. Matthew's parents have worked courageously and tirelessly for this legislation, which aims to ensure that this kind of despicable act will never be tolerated in this country. The bill was named for Matthew, as well as for James Byrd, Jr., a Black man who was killed in 1998 because of his race in another awful crime that galvanized the Nation against hateful violence. We appreciate and honor the important contributions of James Byrd's family, as they have worked hard for this legislation.  As I have said many times, the years since these two horrific crimes have made clear that hate crimes remain a serious and growing problem. The recent shooting at the Holocaust Memorial Museum showed that these vicious crimes continue to haunt our country. This bipartisan legislation will help law enforcement respond more effectively to this problem.  I understand that a Senator on the other side indicated that we were considering a fully inclusive hate crimes measure today based solely on ``perceived bias.'' I would note for the record that this measure would punish violent acts that result in bodily injury that were motivated by hate. Each of these elements needs to be proven to a jury beyond a reasonable doubt. So it is just plain wrong to claim that perceived biases will be elevated to a crime.  I understand that some have alleged that this has not gone through the Judiciary Committee. In fact, we did consider this legislation at a hearing in June. The Attorney General of the United States testified in support of the legislation, and we had a thorough debate about the merits of the legislation in committee. I would also note that adding the hate crimes measure to the Defense authorization bill has occurred in the past, as recently as last Congress. Its inclusion this year could not have come as a surprise to anyone here.  This same hate crimes bill also passed the Senate in 2004, 2000, and 1999. The amendment passed this year in July on a bipartisan vote. There has been plenty of consideration and process.  President Obama has worked closely with us to facilitate the quick passage of this vital hate crimes legislation. In his first few months in office, he has already acted to ensure that Federal benefits are awarded more equitably, regardless of sexual orientation, and now to ensure that this hate crimes legislation becomes law. Unlike in previous years, we have a President who understands that crimes motivated by bias are particularly pernicious crimes that affect more than just their victims and those victims' families. I expect the President to sign this legislation without delay.  Hate crimes instill fear in those who have no connection to the victim other than a shared characteristic such as race or sexual orientation. For nearly 150 years, we have responded as a nation to deter and to punish violent denials of civil rights by enacting Federal laws to protect the civil rights of all of our citizens. The Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2009 continues that great and honorable tradition. Passage of this legislation, at last, will show once again that America values tolerance and acts to protect all of its people.  I yield the floor and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Udall of New Mexico.) The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  