What is troubling to me, as someone who has been here for 35 years, isto see what is happening this year that is really unprecedented: having to overcome a Republican filibuster of a nomination that was voted out of committee 17 to 2. All but two Republicans voted for it. That was 4 months ago.  There are no questions about the qualifications of Tom Perez. He is a former special counsel to Senator Kennedy. He has been nominated to run the division where he previously served with distinction, spending 10 years as a trial attorney in the Criminal Section of the Civil Rights Division, rising to Deputy Chief of the section.  There is no question about the critical need for leadership in the Civil Rights Division, the division charged with enforcing our landmark civil rights laws and protecting all Americans from discrimination. Our delays in considering this nomination have hindered the work of restoring the division's independence and the tradition of vigorous civil rights enforcement, especially after the Bush administration compiled one of the worst civil rights records in modern American history and injected partisan politics into the division's hiring and law enforcement decisions.  We need real leadership to restore the traditional sense of purpose that has guided the Civil Rights Division, a division that has acted in a totally nonpartisan way to uphold the civil rights of all Americans no matter what their political background, as is the priority of Attorney General Holder.  It is a shame this filibuster has held up Mr. Perez for 4 months. The President designated Mr. Perez on March 13 and formally nominated him 2 weeks later. We held his confirmation hearing April 29, over 5 months ago. I thank Senator Cardin, who chaired that hearing and did a very able job of it. And then after accommodating the request of the senior Republican and other Republicans of the Judiciary Committee, we did not move immediately to it; we held it over until after the Memorial Day recess so they could ask other questions. Mr. Perez's nomination was reported by the Judiciary Committee on June 4. Senator Hatch voted for him; Senator Grassley voted for him; Senator Kyl, the deputy Republican leader, voted for him; Senator Graham and Senator Cornyn voted for him.  The ranking member, Senator Sessions, and Senator Coburn asked to meet the nominee before consideration by the Senate. That meeting took place almost immediately after the request. It reportedly went well. Unfortunately, despite these efforts, it has taken 4 months to schedule Senate consideration of this well-qualified nominee. That makes a mockery of the kind of way we should treat the Department of Justice, which is the Department of Justice of America for all Americans. It is not a partisan place, it is there for all of us.  In fact, if the Senate Republican minority applied the same standard to the consideration of President Obama's nomination of Tom Perez as Democrats and Republicans used in considering President Bush's first nomination to serve the Civil Rights Division, Ralph Boyd, Mr. Perez would have been confirmed many months ago.  I remember the Boyd nomination well. I chaired the Judiciary Committee at the time he was confirmed. We held Mr. Boyd's hearing just a little over 3 weeks after his nomination. Compare that with the delays here. He was reported by the Judiciary Committee with every single Democrat voting for him. Did he have to wait 4 months after that? No. He was confirmed 1 day later by a voice vote in the Senate. No shenanigans. No partisanship. No posturing for narrow special interests. I want to be sure that was heard: no posturing for narrow special interests.  By comparison, it has now been 188 days since Mr. Perez was nominated to the same post, even longer since he was designated. It should not have taken more than twice as long to consider President Obama's first nomination to this post as it took for President Bush's.  Then President Bush had a second nomination to head the Civil Rights Division, Alex Acosta. We moved even more quickly. At that point, the Democrats were in the minority. We did not filibuster. We did not obstruct. We did not delay. We knew how important it was. We cooperated. We agreed to a hearing less than 4 weeks after he was nominated. He was reported from the Judiciary Committee by a unanimous vote. He was confirmed by a Senate voice vote. It took just 36 days. Republicans have dragged the process out on the Perez nomination to extend more than five times that long. Democrats didn't do that to President Bush. No shenanigans, no partisanship, no posturing for narrow special interests.  President Bush's third nomination to the civil rights division, Wan Kim, was also considered and confirmed much more quickly than Mr. Perez. He was confirmed in the Senate by a voice vote. There was no filibuster. There were no shenanigans. There was no partisanship. There was no posturing for special interests. Then Mr. Kim had to resign along with Attorney General Gonzales and the entire senior leadership of the Bush-Cheney Justice Department in the wake of the U.S. Attorney firing scandal and revelations of political hiring and decisionmaking that threatened the morale and independence of the Civil Rights Division and the Department.  Indeed, it was that scandal that prevented us from considering President Bush's fourth nomination to head the Civil Rights Division. Grace Chung Becker refused to answer many questions at her confirmation hearing about whether she was involved in politicized hiring and decision-making, repeatedly citing the then-ongoing internal investigation by the Department as a reason not to answer. In light of Ms. Becker's repeated invocation of the investigation in response to questions, we had to await its conclusion before moving forward on her nomination. Unfortunately, the report from the Department's Inspector General and Office of Professional Responsibility was not completed until it was too late to consider Ms. Becker's nomination. There is no similar cause to delay the consideration of Mr. Perez's nomination. We should instead have treated his nomination as we did that of Mr. Boyd, Mr. Acosta, and Mr. Kim.  I say this because the filibuster of Mr. Perez's nomination is indicative of the double standard that Republican Senators seem intent to apply with a Democratic President. It is wrong. I am not saying that Republican Senators don't have the power under Senate rules to do it or that it is even unconstitutional. What I am saying is, it is not in the interest of the American people. It is bad judgment. It is misspent time. It is something we can ill afford. The Civil Rights Division, following the scandals of the last administration, needs to be restored to the level of prestige it held under both Republican and Democratic presidents in the past.  Ten months into President's Obama's first term, President Obama having won overwhelmingly, we find that 16 nominations reported by the Judiciary Committee, many of them unanimously, remain pending on the Senate's executive calendar. Seven of them were before the last recess, including the nomination of Mr. Perez. Five of these nominations are for appointments to be assistant attorneys general at the Department of Justice. The Department of Justice, which during the Gonzales days reached probably its low point, certainly since I have been old enough to practice law, we saw was demoralized. We saw the scandals. Now we are trying to build it back up.  So what has happened? Because of Republican foot dragging and shenanigans and appealing to special interests, we find five out of a total of 11 divisions at the Department do not have a confirmed and appointed head. The Office of Legal Counsel, as well as the Civil Rights Division, the Tax Division, the Office of Legal Policy, and the Environment and Natural Resources Division remain without Senate-confirmed Presidential appointees to guide them.  President Obama won the election. President Obama inherited a Justice Department that had been wracked by scandal. He ought to be commended for trying to put it back. But look what has happened with some of these delays. Even his attorney general was delayed for weeks and weeks. And when they finally allowed him to have a vote, he got a greater vote than any of the last four attorneys general. Is this delay for the sake of delay? Is there such resentment that President Obama won the election? Then talk to those who voted, but don't hold up the Department of Justice. The Departmentis there for Republicans and Democrats and Independents, for all of us. We have to do a better job of confirming the leadership team of the Justice Department to ensure that the Nation's top law enforcement agency is fully equipped to do its job. I hope that all Senators who delayed law enforcement in this country will be reminded of that when they go home and speak about being in favor of law enforcement.  I was privileged to spend 8 years of my public life in law enforcement. I still breathe deeply the sense of being in law enforcement. Every one of us favors good law enforcement. But you are damaging law enforcement by holding up these people. I hope now, despite this unnecessary filibuster, Republicans and Democrats who joined together in the past to help law enforcement will join together to confirm this well-qualified nominee.  Mr. Perez has been nominated to lead the Civil Rights Division, which for 50 years has stood at the forefront of America's march toward equality. It has a long tradition of independent law enforcement that has helped transform the legal landscape of our country and brought us closer to the ideal of a ``more perfect union.'' A strong and independent Civil Rights Division is crucial to the enforcement of our precious civil rights laws.  During his confirmation hearing, Mr. Perez made clear his commitment that the Justice Department would enforce the law. In the arena of civil rights, living up to those assurances is particularly important, because the nation's civil rights laws ensure that the system works for all Americans--no matter the color of their skin, their gender, their religious affiliation or their sexual orientation. The civil rights laws are the foundation of our Nation's aspiration toward a just and fair society.  That is why so many people were concerned during the last administration when we witnessed an abandonment of the Division's finest traditions of independence and a rollback of the priorities upon which it was founded. The report released nine months ago by the Justice Department's Inspector General and Office of Professional Responsibility confirmed some of our worst fears about the last administration's political corruption of the Civil Rights Division.  The report confirmed our oversight findings that political appointees in the Division marginalized and forced out career lawyers because of ideology, and injected a political litmus test into the Division's hiring process for career positions. It should come as no surprise that the result and the intent of this political makeover of the Civil Rights Division led to a dismal civil rights enforcement record. This report was just one of the final chapters in the regrettable legacy of damage that the Bush administration inflicted on the Justice Department, our civil rights, and our fundamental values. It also reinforced the need for new leadership.  Given that Tom Perez has a distinguished record of public service and a long career advancing civil rights, I have full confidence that he is the right person to restore the Civil Rights Division to its finest traditions of independent law enforcement. He is the first person nominated to head the Civil Rights Division in over 35 years who has experience as a career attorney in the Division.  In addition, he has worked on civil rights at various levels of Federal, state and local government, serving as Special Counsel to Senator Kennedy, Deputy Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights, Director of the Office of Civil Rights at the Department of Health and Human Services, and currently as Maryland's Secretary of Labor, Licensing, and Regulations. His impressive credentials also include graduating from Brown University, Harvard Law School, and the Kennedy School of Government. By confirming this highly qualified nominee today, we will take a significant step forward.  Numerous major civil rights and law enforcement organizations have written to endorse Mr. Perez's nomination, including the Leadership Conference for Civil Rights, the National Women's Law Center, and the chief law enforcement officers of the States of Arizona, Iowa, Massachusetts, Nebraska, Utah, Washington, and Vermont. Those chief law enforcement officers wrote: ``Secretary Perez's qualifications and credentials are exceptional'' and ``[h]e is a nationally recognized civil rights lawyer whose breadth and depth of experience make him an ideal choice to lead the Civil Rights Division.'' The Leadership Conference of Civil Rights wrote: ``It will take strong and reliable leadership combined with extensive experience at the Division to restore the Division to its previous prominence in the enforcement of civil rights laws. Tom Perez is the right person to take on that challenge.''  Mr. Perez's nomination has also earned support from both sides of the aisle. Former Republican staff members of the Senate Judiciary Committee have described him as ``a public official of the highest integrity . . . whom the Committee and the nation can be proud.'' These Republican staffers who worked with Mr. Perez describe him as a person ``more interested in `moving the ball forward' for the common good than in scoring political points at the expense of his adversaries.'' Congressman Elijah Cummings of Maryland, who worked with the nominee when he served as Maryland's Secretary of Labor, Licensing, and Regulation, wrote that Tom Perez is committed to ``serving the public good.'' He also wrote ``it is hard to imagine how President Obama and Attorney General Holder could have made a better choice.'' Senator Mikulski of Maryland said, ``I am confident Tom Perez will get the Civil Rights Division back on track'' and he ``will restore our reputation . . . of tolerance and equal rights and protection for all.''  Mr. Perez intends to make restoration of the Civil Rights Division and its mission a priority. He has pledged to follow in the footsteps of his mentor, his former boss, Senator Kennedy, and rekindle the bipartisanship that has characterized the fight for civil rights throughout our Nation's history by returning the division to its law enforcement roots. Let us not go back to an era in the Senate when we were opposed to civil rights enforcement. Let's support this well-qualified nominee. Let's go back to enforcing the civil rights laws.  Does the Senator from Vermont have any time remaining?  