 The bill, S. 386, is the bipartisan Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, the Leahy-Grassley bill. When I mention my name and Senator Grassley's name, we are only two of a large number of people on this bill. We have Senators Kaufman, Klobuchar, Schumer, Murray, Bayh, Specter, Snowe, Harkin, Levin, Dorgan, Whitehouse, Rockefeller, Shaheen, Stabenow, Sanders, Bennet of Colorado, Durbin, Mikulski, Gillibrand, Begich, Burris, Dodd, Menendez, Cardin, Reid, and Pryor as co-sponsors.  I mention those names because they go across the political spectrum. They know we have to strengthen the Federal Government's capacity to investigate and prosecute the kinds of financial frauds that have severely undermined our economy and hurt so many hard-working people in this country.  The reason so many of us came together, again, across the political spectrum--and I note there are several former prosecutors in that group--is we have seen what some of these unscrupulous people have done. They have set up these mortgage frauds in basically an unregulated area. They will come to somebody who is facing difficulty in paying off a mortgage--there has probably been a foreclosure and they come and say: Here, we can take care of you. Sign these papers. Put this money down. Send payments to us. We will take care of everything.  So people exhaust their life savings. Maybe they send the money they put away for their kids to go to college. Probably it is part of their retirement account. By the time they get done, the people committing the fraud are gone. The mortgage on the house, however, has not been paid off. In fact, the bank is still going to foreclose. They have lost their life's savings. They have lost all the money they have set aside for whatever reasons so many millions of Americans set money aside for. And these people who committed the fraud are gone. They have been robbed of their savings, their retirement accounts, their children's college funds, their equity, and, of course, many have lost their homes on top of that.  When the testimony of the FBI and the Department of Justice and others showed this type of fraud--which was bad enough in years past--has skyrocketed in the last couple of years, the Senator from Iowa and I decided we should bring a piece of legislation that would allow the FBI and the Department of Justice to go after these people defrauding Americans.  I do not want to just have a simple fine. If somebody steals $100 million, and they get a fine of $5 or $10 million, it is a matter of doing business. I want enough teeth in here that they will go to jail. If you steal somebody's home, if you steal their dreams, if you steal their retirement, you should go to jail. We send kids to jail for sealing a car. How much more important is it that we should send these white-collar thieves to jail for stealing someone's life and someone's dreams? That is what we want to do here.  The bill will help provide the resources and legal tools needed to police and deter fraud but also to protect the taxpayer-funded economic recovery events now being implemented.  I was disappointed that last week our efforts to enact this legislation were stalled. But I take a great deal of hope now to know that by tomorrow midday it should be passed. It is, as I said, a bipartisan bill. It does strengthen the tools available to law enforcement to combat financial and mortgage fraud.  We were delayed a number of times before we got on the floor of the Senate, and I compliment the distinguished majority leader for bringing it to the floor last week. And when we did, we began to work on 18 amendments that were offered to the bill. We had votes on a number of them. By Thursday afternoon, we had voted on all the germane amendments. We also worked in good faith on a number of amendments not related to the underlying fraud enforcement legislation.  I would like to mention the kind of cooperation we had. The distinguished Republican deputy leader, Senator Kyl, had a series of amendments that I believe would have passed the test of germaneness. He talked with Senator Grassley and myself, and we arranged a vote on one amendment. He had wanted to bring up several similar ones. They were objected to. He pulled them down, and we had a vote on the one. We spent very little time doing that. We had plenty of time for Senator Kyl to make his points, Senator Grassley and I to make ours, and then we had a vote on it.  So we voted on all the germane amendments. For the remaining amendments, we sought an agreement to proceed to vote on each of those pending amendments, the ones that had not been voted on. When the offer was rejected, after being on this bill for several days, the majority leader was forced to file cloture to conclude consideration of this bipartisan legislation.  Majority Leader Reid did the only thing he could responsibly do because this is timely legislation. It is needed to protect people from losing their retirement funds, their homes, and their savings for their children to go to college. Americans are seeing their life's savings taken from them by unscrupulous criminals.  I think of my parents who came up during the time of the Great Depression and started a small business. They saved all their lives for their own retirement, to send their children to college. I think of how I would have reacted if I had seen somebody steal from them. Well, it is happening to a lot of other parents and grandparents around this country. It is time for the Senate to act before more people have their lives destroyed.  The Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act will make necessary changes to criminal laws, including criminal fraud, securities, and money-laundering laws. It will increase the funding available to Federal law enforcement agencies to combat mortgage fraud and financial fraud. It will revise the False Claims Act to ensure that the Government can recover taxpayer dollars lost to fraud. This is a very important part of the bill. If somebody is stealing the taxpayers' dollars too, we want to get that back for the taxpayers.  Throughout this debate, I have several times commended the Senator from Iowa, Mr. Grassley, our lead cosponsor. I commend him and I thank him for his contributions to the bill and the debate, his work in the Judiciary Committee, in getting us this far, and for his dedication to protect taxpayer funds by deterring, investigating, and prosecuting fraud. I thank our many cosponsors for their steadfast support. I have named them. I shall not again. But everybody I have heard from across this country supports this bill.  No one should want to see taxpayer money intended to fund economic recovery efforts diverted by fraud. No one should want to see those who engage in mortgage fraud escape accountability. That is what is going to happen unless we vote to conclude the debate on this bill, pass it, get it to the other body, get it passed, get it signed into law, and give law enforcement the resources and tools they so desperately need.  During the first months of this year, the Judiciary Committee has concentrated on what we can do legislatively to assist in the economic recovery. Already we have considered and reported this fraud enforcement bill and the patent reform bill, and worked to ensure that law enforcement assistance was included in the economic recovery legislation.  The recovery efforts are generating signs of economic progress. That is good. That is necessary. But that is not enough.  We need to make sure we are spending our public resources wisely. We want to make sure they are not being taken by fraud. We also need to ensure that those responsible for the downturn through fraudulent acts in financial markets and the housing market are held to account. It should not be a case where we taxpayers pay for what they did and they get away scot-free. Two decades ago we responded during the savings and loan crisis by hiring more agents, analysts, and prosecutors. We allocated the resources needed to catch those who took advantage to profit through fraud. We have to do it again.  At our February hearing, we heard from the FBI, the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Assets Relief Program, and the Justice Department. All of our law enforcement witnesses testified of the need for this legislation and these additional law enforcement resources.  Deputy Director John Pistole of the FBI warned that the losses of this economic crisis dwarf those of the savings and loan debacle, and the need for more enforcement is even greater now than it was then.  Special Inspector General Neil Barofsky described how law enforcement resources had understandably been diverted from traditional white collar crime to terrorism, but that had left the Justice Department's capacityto respond to financial and securities fraud significantly weakened. He warned that with trillions of dollars being spent under TARP and other associated programs, ``it is essential that the appropriate resources be dedicated to meet the challenges of both deterring and prosecuting fraud.'' I agree.  Acting Assistant Attorney General Rita Glavin of the Justice Department testified that our bill would provide the Justice Department with needed tools ``to aggressively fight fraud in the current economic climate'' and ``provide key statutory enhancements that will assist in ensuring that those who have committed fraud are held accountable.''  We then held a hearing with FBI Director Robert Mueller. Director Mueller reiterated law enforcement's message. Here is what he said: ``[The bill] will be tremendously helpful in giving us the tools to investigate . . . to help prosecutors prosecute, and finally to obtain the convictions and the jail sentences that are the deterrent to this activity taking place in the future.''  Each week we learn of additional scandals in the financial industry, as leading money managers are charged with multimillion dollar fraud schemes carried out over the years. We need to clean up the mess. That means providing the tools and resources that law enforcement needs to get to the bottom of this, restore order, and exact accountability.  To show how severe this is, reports of mortgage fraud are up 682 percent over the past 5 years, more than 2,800 percent over the past decade. Some say we are losing more than $4 billion a year to mortgage fraud. And massive, new corporate frauds, like the $65 billion Ponzi scheme perpetrated by Bernard Madoff, are being uncovered as the economy has turned worse, exposing many investors to massive losses.  The problem is getting worse, not better. The victims of these frauds have to be protected now more than ever. The victims include, as I have said, homeowners who have been fleeced by unscrupulous mortgage brokers, retirees who have lost their life savings in stock scams and Ponzi schemes, which have come to light only as corporations collapse and the market falls.  They also include American taxpayers who have invested billions of dollars to restore our economy. These American taxpayers expect us to protect the investment they have made to make sure those funds are not exploited by crime. Each one of us is among those taxpayers. We all want to make sure the money is not stolen.  I urge all Senators to support our efforts and work with us to pass this bill without further delay. That means to vote for cloture so that we can conclude the amendment process and vote on the bill.  I see the distinguished cosponsor of this bill, Senator Grassley, on the floor and I yield to him.  