President, today, the Senate will finally consider the nomination of Roberto A. Lange to the District of South Dakota. It has been 3 weeks since Mr. Lange's nomination was unanimously reported by the Judiciary Committee to the Senate. It should not take 3 weeks to confirm a consensus nominee. I will be interested to hear from Senate Republicans who have stalled this confirmation for the last 3 weeks why they did so.  There are 10 other judicial nominations reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee to the Senate that remain pending without consent from Senate Republicans to proceed to their consideration. These are 10 other judicial nominations on the Senate Executive Calendar awaiting action and being stalled by Republican holds. All 10 were reported favorably by the Senate Judiciary Committee. Two were reported in June and have been waiting for more than 4 months for Senate consideration. These are things that we have always done by voice vote when there is no controversy.  It is not only a dark mark on the Senate for holding us up from doing our work, but it means that the nominees have their lives on hold. They have been given this nomination, and everything has to come to a stop. They know they are going to be confirmed. They know that whenever the Republicans allow a vote, it will be virtually unanimous. It makes the Senate look foolish, and I wish my colleagues would allow these people to move quickly.  The American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary reported that its peer review of the President's nomination of Mr. Lange resulted in the highest rating possible, a unanimous rating of well qualified. His nomination has the support of both home State Senators, Senator Johnson, a Democrat, and Senator Thune, a Republican, and was reported out of the Judiciary Committee by unanimous consent on October 1. I expect the vote on the President's nomination of Mr. Lange to be overwhelmingly in favor, as was the 99-0 vote for the only other district court confirmation so far this year, that of Judge Viken. I will be listening intently to hear why then Senate Republicans--despite the support of Senator Thune, the head of the Republican Policy Committee and a member of the Senate Republican leadership--have stalled this confirmation needlessly for 3 weeks.  This is one of the 13 judicial nominations reported favorably by the committee to the Senate since June to fill circuit and district court vacancies on Federal courts around the country. Ten of those nominations were reported without a single dissenting voice. This is unfortunately only the third of those judicial nominations to be considered all year.  It is October 21. By this date in the administration of George W. Bush, we had confirmed eight lower court judges. By this juncture in the administration of Bill Clinton, we had likewise confirmed eight circuit and district court nominations. The Senate has confirmed just three circuit and district court nominees this year less than half of those considered by this date during President Bush's tumultuous first year in office and confirmed by this date during President Clinton's first year. This is despite the fact that President Obama sent nominees with bipartisan support to the Senate two months earlier than did President Bush. Moreover, President Clinton's term also began with the need to fill a Supreme Court vacancy.  The first of these circuit and district court confirmations this year did not take place until September 17, months after the nomination of Judge Gerard Lynch had been reported out of committee with no dissent. Finally, after months of needless delay, the Senate confirmed Judge Lynch to serve on the Second Circuit by an overwhelming vote of 94 to 3. That filled just one of the five vacancies this year on the Second Circuit. The Second Circuit bench remains nearly one-quarter empty with four vacancies on its 13-member bench.  Judge Viken, the first of just two district court judges the Senate has been allowed to vote on this year, was confirmed on September 29, by a unanimous 99-0 vote. Today, the Senate is finally being allowed by Republicans to vote to confirm Roberto Lange, who was reported by the committee on October 1. It took 3 weeks to proceed to Mr. Lange's nomination despite the fact that he, like Judge Viken, had the support of both his home State Senators, one a respected Democratic Senator and the other a Republican Senator who is a member of the Republican Senate leadership.  South Dakota has had its two vacancies filled this year but vacancies in 35 other States remain unfilled and the Senate's constitutional responsibilities are going unfulfilled. There was--there is--no reason for the Republican minority to impose these unnecessary and needless delays to judicial confirmations. When will Senate Republicans allow the Senate to consider the nominations of Judge Hamilton to the Seventh Circuit, Judge Davis to the Fourth Circuit, Judge Martin to the Eleventh Circuit, Judge Greenaway to the Third Circuit, Judge Berger to the Southern District of West Virginia, Judge Honeywell to the Middle District of Florida, Judge Nguyen to the Central District of California, Judge Chen to the Northern District of California, Ms. Gee to the Central District of California and Judge Seeborg to the Northern District of California?  In a recent column, Professor Carl Tobias wrote:       President Obama has implemented several measures that      should foster prompt appointments. First, he practiced      bipartisanship to halt the detrimental cycle of accusations,      countercharges and non-stop paybacks. Moreover, the White      House has promoted consultation by seeking advice on      designees from Democratic and GOP Senate members, especially      home state senators, before official nominations. Obama has      also submitted consensus nominees, who have even temperaments      and are very smart, ethical, diligent and independent.  I ask unanimous consent that a copy of Professor Tobias's column be printed in the Record following my statement.  