President, I thank the distinguished Presiding Officer. I do not see any Republicans in the Chamber, although it would be their turn to speak next on this confirmation. While we are waiting, I will mention a couple things, and do this on the Democratic time.  There has been a lot of criticism of pardons and clemencies that former President Clinton granted. I would note that it was not Eric Holder who granted any of these clemencies or pardons. It was President Clinton.  Now, I know for the last 8 years, certainly while the Republicans were in charge, we would have one hearing, one investigation after another about the Clinton years, and it seemed to be kind of on automatic pilot. I heard a lot of outrage on the Republican side about pardons granted by President Clinton, and I shared my disappointment in some of those. I have heard them say people should have spoken out immediately. Well, many of us did.  But I was not able to find a single one who spoke out showing any outrage a few months ago when Republican President Bush gave a pass to Scooter Libby, Vice President Dick Cheney's former Chief of Staff, who commuted his prison sentence a very short time before he was about to begin that sentence. That was an extraordinarily serious case that involved leaking the name of a covert CIA operative for a political purpose, and the decision to communicate that leak was made by President Bush, despite objections from the prosecutor, despite objections from the victim, and despite objections from the public. I do not recall any Republicans objecting to President Bush's decision.  Now, they say they are objecting to something President Clinton did. I do not want to suggest in any way that the objections are partisan, but they certainly are not consistent.  I know Republicans set the standard as to who should be Attorney General. They voted unanimously for Attorney General Alberto Gonzales. Afterwards, many quietly talked to the White House about getting rid of Attorney General Gonzales because he was not up to par, but they were not going to vote against him. Now we have somebody far more qualified, and the Republicans talk about voting against him.  On the subject of the FALN, I should not that we have already had many hearings on this issue. I, for one, was critical of the commutations made by President Clinton, but let's look at the record and let's look at the facts. As Deputy Attorney General, Mr. Holder had no final decision-making power to grant clemency or pardons. Mr. Holder's memo to the White House made no recommendation on clemency for the prisoners. It simply provided the analysis that is expected to be provided to the White House with multiple options for each prisoner. None of the FALN members offered clemency by President Clinton were present when individuals were killed or injured. The prisoners who were offered clemency were released under strict supervision by Federal probation authorities. None have caused any future harm. The only ones who were given clemency werethose who announced their willingness to renounce violence and had already served from 17 to 19 years. This was not a get-out-of-jail free card.  The clemency provided by President Clinton was supported by various Members of Congress; numerous religious, human rights, labor, Hispanic, civic and community groups; as well as Archbishop Desmond Tutu, and other Nobel prize recipients. I would note that many of the law enforcement agencies and law enforcement officials who were critical of the FALN clemencies given by former President Clinton are the same prosecutors who had prosecuted those cases and who came forward and strongly and unequivocally endorsed Eric Holder to be Attorney General of the United States.  So we can talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and set up double standards. The fact is, the people most knowledgeable about what happened argued in favor of Eric Holder as Attorney General.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  