President, today we received a report from the Department of Justice's Office of the Inspector General and Office of Professional Responsibility about their investigation of allegations of politicized hiring and other improper personnel actions in the Civil Rights Division.  I held hearings on this situation. At the time, there was a Mr. Bradley Schlozman who testified. I stated, at the time, that I did not find his testimony credible.  Today's report confirms some of our worst fears about the Bush administration's political corruption of the Justice Department. Not only did senior Republican appointees violate Federal law by hiring based on politics in the Civil Rights Division, they also lied about it. Indeed, they lied about it under oath when they were called to explain themselves to Congress.  I am particularly disturbed about the findings that a senior Justice Department appointee, a very senior Justice Department appointee, Bradley Schlozman, made false statements under oath when appearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Lying to Congress undermines the very core of our constitutional principles and blunts the American people's right to open and transparent Government. It is one thing to have a witness come and say they disagree with the Members of Congress. That is fine. Everybody has a constitutional right to do that. Nobody has a right to lie under oath. Nobody has the right to break the law. And certainly a senior member of the Justice Department should not be able to consider himself above the law.  Not only did Mr. Schlozman lie to me and the Committee, but he then refused to cooperate with the Justice Department's own internal oversight offices' investigation into illegal hiring practices in the Department's Civil Rights Division. The clear determination that he broke the law corrodes our trust in our system of justice and in the Nation's top law enforcement agency. If somebody can break the law in our Nation's top law enforcement agency, the Department of Justice, what does that say to the rest of Americans? His actions, in fact, undermine the very mission of the Department's Civil Rights Division, which is charged with enforcing Federal law and prohibiting discrimination.  A strong and independent Civil Rights Division has long been crucial to the enforcement of our precious civil rights laws, and experienced and committed career attorneys have always been the heart and soul of that Division. In the past, the people who worked there, no matter how much time you spent with them, you wouldn't know if they were Republicans or Democrats. All you would know is that these folks, who are among the brightest and best lawyers in the country, are dedicated to serving the United States of America and upholding our laws.  Contrary to those traditions, however, which we have had in both Republican and Democratic administrations, this report details troubling revelations of political appointees who marginalize and force out career lawyers because of ideology, and, corrupt the hiring process for career positions. It should come as no surprise that the result, and of course the intent, of this political makeover of the Civil Rights Division has been a dismal--a dismal--civil rights enforcement record.  This report is just one of the final chapters in the regrettable legacy of the Bush administration at main Justice, and it reinforces the need for new leadership.  Now, more than ever, it is necessary to confirm new leadership at the Justice Department, starting with Attorney General-designee Eric Holder.  I compliment the Department's Office of Inspector General. They did not allow politics to stand in their way. They went and investigated this situation.  I do wish the current U.S. Attorney's Office, appointed by this administration, had decided to prosecute someone for these deplorable acts. I think the only way you stop such blatant criminal violations, especially by people who know better, people who are sworn to uphold the law, is that they know they will go to jail for breaking the law. That is what should have been done. They broke the law in the Bush administration, and the Bush administration decided not to prosecute, and I think that raises real questions. Prosecution should be done no matter who breaks the law.  I recall one of the people who testified in that same investigation who said: We swear an oath to President George Bush. I said: No, you swear an oath to uphold the Constitution. Mr. President, that Constitution is the Constitution you are sworn to uphold and I am sworn to uphold. It is a Constitution that reflects all Americans. The Government is not of a person; indeed, whether you support an individual or not, the Government is for all Americans. The Constitution is for all Americans. When somebody deliberately, purposely, sets out to subvert the Constitution of the United Statesand then lies about it--lies about it, Mr. President--I find that a heinous crime.  When we see some child who steals a car, they will be prosecuted, as probably they should. But when you have a key member of the Department of Justice who lies under oath, who subverts the Constitution of the United States, that is all the more reason to prosecute that person. What Mr. Schlozman did was reprehensible, it was disgusting, and it was wrong, but it also contradicts the very core of America's principles.  The distinguished Presiding Officer, like me, had the great opportunity to serve as a prosecutor, and I have every reason to believe he did not show fear or favor when he brought a prosecution, as I did not. I did not show fear or favor. Most prosecutors do not. Yet here we have somebody who is part of the Justice Department lie under oath and do it in a way to cover up and subvert the very laws that protect all of us. Our civil rights laws are on the books to protect all of us. It protects all of us--White, Black, brown--no matter what our race, our creed. It protects all of us.  What has marked this country since the time I was a young lawyer in the 1960s has been our adherence to those civil rights laws. We can't go back to a time where they are enforced for some and not for others.  Mr. President, I hope people read--I will not put it in the Record because it is available--this investigation of allegations of politicized hirings and other improper political actions in the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice. It is chilling. I am going to suggest that every new person coming into the Department of Justice read this investigation. It is a handbook--not of what to do--but a handbook of what not to do.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Lieberman). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  