President, I might say also that some of the Republicans--and they have all been Republicans who have attacked Mr. Ogden--are also applying a double standard. Nominees from both Republican and Democratic administrations and Senators from both sides of the aisle have cautioned against opposing nominees based on their legal representations on behalf of clients. Like many others in this Chamber, I felt privileged to serve as a prosecutor, but I would hate to think I could not have served in that position because, before I was a prosecutor, I defended people who were accused of crimes. I was a lawyer. I wanted to make sure clients were given equal protection of the law. If we start singling out somebody because of their clients, what do you do? Do you say to this person: You defended somebody charged with murder and therefore you are in favor of murder? Come on, let's be honest with where we are.  In fact, when asked about this point in connection with his own nomination, Chief Justice Roberts testified:       . . . it has not been my general view that I sit in      judgment on clients when they come. . . .       . . . it was my view that lawyers don't stand in the shoes      of their clients, and that good lawyers can give advice and      argue any side of a case.  Basically, he took the same position David Ogden did. The difference is every single Republican voted for Chief Justice Roberts. Apparently, they do not use the same standard for those nominated by Democrats.  For nominees of Republican Presidents, Republicans demand that their clients and their legal representations not be held against nominees. I have heard this speech in the Judiciary Committee and on the Senate floor by Republicans: You cannot hold their clients against them.  Whoops; screech; stop--the American people elected Barack Obama as President so, suddenly, the Republicans do not want that rule anymore. When the American people elect a Democratic President, they do not want the same rules; they want a double standard.  I will give one example. It is probably the example that stands out the most. Just over a year ago, every Republican in the Senate voted to confirm Michael Mukasey to be Attorney General of the United States. They showed no concern that, according to his own statement, one of his most significant cases in private practice was his representation of Carlin Communications, a company that specialized in what was called ``Dial-a-Porn'' services.  When a Republican nominee represents someone for Dial-a-Porn, that is just his client. But when a Democratic nominee represents Playboy magazine, oh, that is awful. We are so offended. My gosh, we must have the most delicate sensibilities in America. Talk about a double standard. Where was the outrage then? Where was the debate? Where were the concerns? Where were the questions? Oh, wait just a moment, something just occurred to me. He was nominated by George W. Bush. Mr. Ogden has been nominated by Barack Obama. So when Karl Rove and Rush Limbaugh gave the orders that they were supposed to oppose and hold up Eric Holder, the first African-American Attorney General in this country, they held him up.  Every one of them voted unanimously for Alberto Gonzales, who was finally forced out of office for incompetence. But, oh my goodness, Mr. Ogden has been nominated by a Democrat. What a tough double standard.  If you were going to write something like this for a novel or story, your editor would reject it because it seems to be so far-fetched.  Let's stop the game playing. We had an election last November. If you are going to apply one standard under a Republican President and a different one under a Democratic President, stand up and say: This had nothing to do with what he did, it is just that we want a double standard. We want a different standard.  I have served in the Senate for 35 years. I was honored by my colleagues on both sides of this aisle earlier this week when I cast my 13,000th vote. I worked with both Democrats and Republicans and voted for nominees ofboth parties. I like to think I have never applied a double standard.  In Mr. Ogden's case, it is not as though he is only supported by Democrats. His nomination received dozens of letters of support, drawing strong endorsements from both Democratic and Republican former officials and high-ranking veterans of the Justice Department. Larry Thompson, a former Deputy Attorney General himself, who is highly respected in this body, certainly highly respected by me--a Republican nominee--wrote that ``David will be a superb Deputy Attorney General.''  Chuck Canterbury, the national president of the Fraternal Order of Police, wrote that Mr. Ogden ``possesses the leadership and experience the Justice Department will need to meet the challenges which lay before us.''  A dozen retired military offices who served as Judge Advocates General endorsed Mr. Ogden's nomination. These are military persons who have been Judge Advocates General. I have no idea whether they are Republicans or Democrats. I just know they served with distinction in our Armed Forces to protect the rights of Americans. Here is what they wrote, that he is ``a person of wisdom, fairness and integrity, a public servant vigilant to protect the national security of the United States and a civilian official who values the perspective of uniformed lawyers in matters within their particular expertise.''  Mr. Ogden's nomination was reported by a bipartisan majority of the Senate Judiciary Committee 2 weeks ago, having been delayed for several weeks. The vote by the Senate Judiciary Committee was 14 to 5. The senior Senator from Minnesota who is now on the Senate floor was also there. The Assistant Republican leader voted for Mr. Ogden. The ranking Republican on the committee voted for Mr. Ogden. The senior Senator from South Carolina, who served in the Judge Advocate General Corps, voted for him.  I don't know what more you can say. You have these former high-ranking officials, both in the Defense Department and the Justice Department, of both parties, saying he is the kind of serious lawyer and experienced government servant who understands the special role the Department of Justice must fill in our democracy.  We are the Senate. We are supposed to be the conscience of the United States. One hundred of us men and women in this body are privileged to represent 300 million Americans. We not only represent them, we ought to set an example. We ought to say it is time for the slurs and the vicious rightwing attacks to stop. The problems and threats confronting the country are too serious. The problems and threats confronting this country are not problems and threats to just Democrats or just Republicans, they are threats to all Americans.  In the Department of Justice, the Attorney General needs a deputy to help run and manage that Department, not for the personal needs of the Attorney General but for the needs of 300 million Americans, to help protect every one of us.  Senators should join in voting to confirm this highly qualified nominee, this good man, to be Deputy Attorney General of the United States. Our country will benefit and we in the Senate will show that we actually do know how to do the right thing.  I yield the floor.  