This new program should bring broadband to unserved and underserved areas in Vermont and other rural parts of our country. That access is crucial to the vitality of rural communities which are in danger of being left off the technology highway.  During deliberation of the reinvestment and recovery bill over the past week, I offered amendment No. 332 to set aside $100 million within the available $7 billion to provide loan guarantees for broadband construction. The program established in the underlying bill currently will fund only grants. These grants will be an important pillar of any financing for a national build out of broadband. However, loan guarantees are another important financing option to construct broadband networks. That is why I am offering this amendment to set aside less than 2 percent of the $9 billion for grants to establish a loan guarantee program.  Creating a loan guarantee program alongside the grant program has the benefit of leveraging billions of additional dollars in broadband investment. The $100 million that my amendment would have set aside would have leveraged up to $2 billion in additional broadband initiatives. And perhaps more importantly, a loan guarantee program would have the potential of advancing broadband projects that were prepared to move forward with bonds only to be halted due to the economic downturn and crisis in the credit markets.  In Vermont, I have been closely following the East Central Fiber, ECF, project. A group of 22 towns in the upper Connecticut and White River valleys of our State have formed a joint venture to bring fiber-optic broadband communications services to their region. The area is currently underserved or un-served with the type of modern communications infrastructure which is so critical to their long term economic survival. The East Central Fiber group was prepared to build their fiber to the home project through municipal financing until the credit markets collapsed during the economic downturn. A federal loan guarantee program could be the difference in financing this $100 million initiative.  It makes sense to establish a loan guarantee program for broadband in conjunction with the new grant program this bill funds. The small percentage of funds my amendment would have set aside has the potential to leverage billions more in broadband investments for rural communities.  This amendment was cleared by the relevant committees. Unfortunately Senators who oppose the reinvestment and recovery bill will raise objections to adopting any amendments by unanimous consent. Thus my amendment No. 332, as modified, along with several other amendments were denied being included in the final legislation that will pass the Senate today.  I will continue to work with my colleagues to establish at Broadband Loan Guarantee program at the Department of Commerce. Such guarantees are an important part of any national strategy to bring broadband, including fiber to every home, to rural communities.  