President, we are considering the nomination of Jeffrey Viken for a lifetime appointment to the U.S. District Court for the District of South Dakota.  President Obama nominated Mr. Viken with the bipartisan support of both Senators from South Dakota, Senator Johnson and Senator Thune. Mr. Johnson, the distinguished senior Senator from South Dakota spoke just a moment ago about his strong support for this nominee.  Even though we are almost at the last day of September, this is only the first Senate confirmation for a Federal district court judge, and the first to fill 1 of 74 current Federal trial court vacancies.  There are more than 90 current vacancies throughout the Federal judiciary, and we are soon going to be at near record levels. I accommodated the Ranking Member and other Republicans on the Judiciary Committee by postponing a hearing on Mr. Viken's nomination while we considered the recent Supreme Court nomination, or his nomination would have come to the full Senate earlier. But I am pleased that the committee unanimously reported the nomination at the beginning of this month by a voice vote. I think that the vote tonight, I can virtually guarantee you, will be an overwhelmingly positive vote. I hope it is a sign that we might finally, finally start making some progress on judicial nominations, and do it expeditiously.  The Senate has to do a better job of restoring our tradition of regularly considering qualified, noncontroversial nominees to fill vacancies on the Federal bench without needless and harmful delays.  As I look around this Chamber, I believe I have been here longer than anybody else who is presently on the floor. I saw my distinguished colleague Senator Inouye step off the floor, who has served here longer than I have. But I have been here 35 years. I have been here with both Republican and Democratic Presidents. I have never seen a situation where there is this kind of slow walking of nominations. We have got to go back to the way we have traditionally done it for the good of the country.  I was briefly chairman of the Judiciary Committee during President Bush's first term. And even though we had the unfortunate experience of 61 of President Clinton's nominations being pocket filibustered by a then-Republican majority, when I came in during that less than a year and a half, we confirmed 100 of President Bush's judicial nominees. I think it is an all-time record in speed in getting nominees through. That was by a Democratic majority with a Republican President.  I do want to thank the Committee's ranking member, Senator Sessions. I see Senator Sessions on the floor. I do want to thank him. I had, as I said, agreed to hold back this nominee, the Viken nomination, because of the nomination for Sotomayor, to give time to prepare. But I do want to thank him. After we confirmed Judge Sotomayor to be a Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court, we moved quickly Mr. Viken's nomination through the committee at our business meeting on September 10 without an unnecessary holdover period. Unfortunately, now that it has been on the Senate Executive Calendar, it still has taken 2\1/2\ weeks to schedule Senate approval of a noncontroversial nominee who is probably going to be unanimously confirmed, and should be.  Mr. Viken has a wide range of experience. He has been both prosecutor and defender. He is currently the Federal Defender for the combined districts of North Dakota and South Dakota. It is not just the population, but for those of us who come from New England, the area covered in these districts is enormous.  He served as an Assistant U.S. Attorney and as Acting U.S. Attorney for South Dakota. He spent more than two decades in private practice. His nomination received a rating of ``well qualified,'' from the American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary. I urge Senators to give him a strong bipartisan vote, and then do a better job of filling the rising number of judicial vacancies to ensure that justice is not delayed or denied to any American because of overburdened courts.  I hope instead of withholding consent and threatening filibusters of President Obama's judicial nominees, the other side would work together to treat his nominees fairly, as I did with President Bush's nominees. I point out, by this time in President Bush's first term, we had already confirmed six of his nominations to the Federal circuit and district courts. Now, nine months into President Obama's first term, we have confirmed only one of his lower court nominees, despite the fact that President Obama made his first nomination two months earlier than President Bush did.  We can do better. It is not just that the Senate can do better, the American people deserve better.  After months of delay on September 17, the Senate finally confirmed Judge Gerard Lynch to serve on the Second Circuit. I know that circuit well. It covers the States of Vermont, New York, and Connecticut. Despite the fact that Judge Lynch's nomination was noncontroversial, despite the fact that it was reported out of the committee unanimously with the strong support of both Republican and Democratic members, it still took more than three months after his nomination was reported by the committee for the Senate to confirm it. Delayed. Delayed. Delayed. You would think there might be some controversy. But when we finally voted, the vote was 94 to 3. It was being held up for months because three Members out of 100 Senators wanted to hold it up? That is not being responsible. That is not showing the deference to the judiciary that we should show.  Thirteen nominations reported by the Judiciary Committee remain pending on the Senate's Executive Calendar, seven of them from back before the last recess. Five of these nominations are for appointments to be Assistant Attorneys General at the Department of Justice. Five out of a total of 11 divisions at the Department remain without Senate-confirmed Presidential nominees--the Office of Legal Counsel, the Civil Rights Division, the Tax Division, the Office of Legal Policy, and the Environment and Natural Resources Division.  Just think of that: nominees to head five out of a total of 11 divisions at theJustice Department are being held by Republicans even though the President has made the nominations and even though they have passed out of the Senate Judiciary Committee. If any Senator does not like a nominee, vote against them. But let's have a vote up or down.  President Obama made his first judicial nomination back in March. I remember it was snowing like mad. He nominated David Hamilton to the Seventh Circuit. That nomination has been on the Executive Calendar since early June, even though it has the support of the senior most Republican in the Senate and one of the most distinguished Senators of either party who has ever served, Senator Lugar.  The nomination of Judge Andre Davis to the Fourth Circuit was reported by the committee on June 4 by a vote of 16 to 3. We cannot get it considered by the Senate. The nomination of Judge Beverly Baldwin Martin to the Eleventh Circuit was reported unanimously from the committee by voice vote on September 10 and is strongly supported by the two Republican Senators from her State, but still we cannot get it scheduled or considered.  Federal judicial vacancies will soon number 120 unless we start moving forward. I mention that just because we should have a history before us.  At least the one bright spot is moving Mr. Viken's nomination. At a quarter past 5, it is Mr. Viken. By a quarter past 6, it will be Judge Viken. I congratulate him and his family. I remember him coming before our committee--a wonderful person, a wonderful family. I can see why the two Senators--the senior Senator, a Democratic Senator; the junior Senator, a Republican Senator--support him. He should be a judge. But then let's start moving these nominations a little more expeditiously.  Mr. President, what is the time remaining?  