I know they will be appreciated by the Kennedy family.  Madam President, when I heard the Senator from Mississippi, and before him the Senator from Illinois, the Senator from California, the Senator from Massachusetts, and others who have spoken, it brought back so many memories. On August 26, very early in the morning, we heard the news about Senator Kennedy. Marcelle and I knew that day was coming. We knew the day was coming and that we would lose a close friend of over 35 years, but our farmhouse in Vermont was still filled with grief upon the learning of the news. We walked back and forth on the road in front of the house, looking out over the mountains and finding it hard to put into words how we felt.  We left Vermont to come down and join Vicki, such a dear and wonderful person, and all of Senator Kennedy's family at the memorial service in Boston, where so many offered touching stories of how they remembered Senator Kennedy.  Ted Kennedy, Jr., gave an incredibly moving tribute to his father. I told himafterward that was the kind of eulogy Senator Kennedy would have liked. It was so Irish. Ted Kennedy, Jr., made us all laugh, and he made us all cry, almost in the same sentence. How Irish, how Kennedy, but how true were the emotions of every man and woman in that church--from the President, to the Vice President, to former Presidents, to Senators, to Members of the House, to close friends, and to so many of the Kennedy family.  I think of being sworn into this body as a 34-year-old nervous Senator. One of the first people who came up to shake my hand after being sworn in was Ted Kennedy, then Mike Mansfield and Howard Baker. I was awed to think I was in the presence of such people.  After serving with Ted for 35 years and speaking with him almost every single day, I look over at his desk, at something I have seen over the 35 years when we have lost colleagues, but I don't know of any time it has hurt so much to see the black drape across the desk, to see the vase of white flowers. I went by there yesterday and just put my hand on the desk. I will admit I was overcome with emotion and left the floor.  I have so many memories, as we all do, of my friendship with Ted. Senator Durbin spoke about how Ted Kennedy had a way of--no matter who you were, if you had tragedy in your family or an illness or something had happened, he would call or write, and he would offer help. It made no difference who you were.  I was very close to my father. He had met Ted a number of times. When my father passed away, virtually the first telephone call my mother received that morning was from Ted Kennedy. I remember my mother taking comfort in that.  Senator Kennedy's office is just one floor below mine in the Russell Senate Building. We both have stayed there all these years. On many occasions, especially when he was going for a vote, we could hear his great laugh echoing down the halls, and it would change our whole mood, our whole day. We often talked about the bond of the New England Irish and spoke about that again when we came back from Pope Paul John II's funeral and refueled the plane in Ireland. It was like following the Pied Piper at Shannon Airport. There were paintings of President Kennedy there. The Senator from Iowa remembers that.  As we walked through, Ted Kennedy and Chris Dodd were telling Irish stories. There are memories of when Ted was walking the dogs outside of Russell Building, and we would talk and chat, saying: How is your family? How is this one or that one?  After Ted died, one of our newspapers in Vermont had a front-page picture that my wife Marcelle had taken back in 1968. It showed a young Ted Kennedy in Vermont campaigning for his brother Robert and talking with an even younger State attorney. We talked about Robert Kennedy--the two of us--and I gave that photograph to Ted a few years ago because I found it in my archives. He chuckled and talked about how young we looked, and then he asked for another copy so he could sign one to me. That day we sat there and talked about his brothers--obviously, the President, John Kennedy; Senator Robert Kennedy; and also his brother, Joe Kennedy, who had died. I talked about being interviewed by Robert Kennedy, who was Attorney General, when he invited me down to the Department of Justice. I was a young law student, and he talked to me about the possibility of a career in the Department of Justice. That talk meant so much to me, and his brother told me how independent the Department of Justice must be, even from the President of the United States. We never have enough time in this body, and a rollcall started and that conversation stopped. But I remember every bit of that so much.  I remember after that time we campaigned for Robert Kennedy, the next time I saw him was here when I was a Senator-elect. As a former young prosecutor, I walked into his office with trepidation and almost thinking I was going into the inner sanctum. I was going to talk with him about what committees I might go on. This great voice said: Good morning, Senator.  Coming from him, I turned around, assuming another Senator was walking in behind me, and I realized he was talking to me.  Ted's wonderful wife Vicki was part of a small book club, and my wife Marcelle was in that. The days they would meet, Ted would come up and put his arm around my shoulder and say, ``Patrick, we are in trouble today. Our wives are meeting, and tonight we are going to get our marching orders.'' You know what, Madam President. He was right.  All of the years I served on the Judiciary Committee, until this past year, I sat beside him. I am going to miss him on that committee. I am going to miss his help and advice. I am going to miss him on the Senate floor because not having him with us in the Senate is going to make a huge difference in negotiations on legislation, whether it is on a current issue of health care reform or any other issue.  I remember one meeting with Ronald Reagan when he was President. The President turned to Ted--and several of us, Republicans and Democrats, were meeting with him--and said, ``Thank goodness you're here, Ted. You are bringing us together.''  That difference extended beyond our shores. He personally made such a difference in bringing peace to Ireland and ending apartheid in South Africa. I remember going with President Clinton after the peace agreement, and everybody--while they would thank the Prime Minister of Ireland and Great Britain and President Clinton, they all wanted to come over and thank Ted Kennedy.  His sense of history and of our country and his firm and constant belief in America's promise and America's future was inspiring. His willingness to spend time with the most junior Senators as with all others of both parties made him a Senator's Senator. I think every single Senator, Republican or Democrat, would agree he was a Senator's Senator.  It is easy in politics to appeal to the self-interests in each of us. Ted Kennedy appealed to the best in us, to the American verities that are written not on water but in stone. He appealed to our sense of justice, to our sense of responsibility to each other, and to our uniquely American sense of hope and possibility. In the Senate, he labored to help reach bipartisan progress on health care, education, civil rights, voting rights, immigration reform, and so much more.  Madam President, the powerful have never lacked champions. Ted Kennedy was a champion for ordinary Americans and for those who struggle, those who do not have a champion. He believed everyone in this great land deserved the opportunity to pursue the American dream.  I thought last night at the President's speech--I talked before the speech with Mrs. Kennedy and after the speech with Senator Kennedy's three children. It was just impossible to fully put into words how much I miss him.  Marcelle and I miss our friend dearly, but we know it was a privilege to call him our friend. It was a privilege to serve alongside such a public servant dedicated as he was to making better the lives of millions of his fellow Americans.  It is a sad passing of an era, but Ted Kennedy would also tell us it is a time to look to the future.  Madam President, I close with this. I always thought when I left the Senate I would say farewell to this body and Ted Kennedy would be here to wish me Godspeed. I wish him Godspeed.  