President, I rise today to remember one of Vermont's greatest citizens, dairy farmer, and American, my good friend, Harold Howrigan.  Harold passed away at the age of 85 at his home in Fairfield, VT, on September 7, 2009. He was surrounded by his loving family, long and extended and wonderful family.  Harold was a family man. This large extended family included his wife of 56 years, Ann, and three sons and two daughters, 12 grandchildren. He had an optimist's outlook on life. He had a knack for storytelling that cast a spell over everyone in his presence.  Many of his stories were about growing up in a family with nine other siblings, reared by William and MargaretHowrigan on their hillside farm in Vermont. I can think of more than one occasion when Marcelle and I would be there. We would be listening to one of these stories, and I knew that we might be late for the next thing, but I didn't want it to end. I wanted to hear what else he had to say.  Harold was a man who seemed to accomplish more each year than most of us do in a lifetime. He built his Fairfield, VT farm to over 1,000 acres, including the land that had been worked by his family since the mid 1800s.  It is now tended by the next generation of Howrigans. I remember him as a dynamic man, as genuinely comfortable in his public duties as he was in the dairy parlor or out splitting wood. In addition to running the farm and tending to the family he loved so much, he accepted leadership roles in dozens of civic and agricultural organizations from local to national in scope. He moderated the Fairfield town meeting right up to this year. The town meeting is a sacred institution in Vermont. A town wants to make sure they have the very best and the fairest and the most knowledgeable to be their moderator. It also helps when you have somebody with an Irish sense of humor. This is a position of distinction in any Vermont town.  He was director of the St. Alban's Cooperative Creamery for 25 years and president for another 20. He was appointed by three Governors, both parties, to the Vermont Milk Commission. He was also a local and national leader among maple sugar makers. He served on University of Vermont advisory boards and on county commissions. All the while he tended the fire in the Fairfield sugar house each year and he got the cows milked each day and sang for 60 years on the choir at church. The church, of course, is named, as you would expect in a town full of Irish immigrants and descendants, St. Patrick's.  Nationally, he was a director of the National Milk Producers Federation for 20 years and chairman of the National Dairy Board. In addition to his work on dairy, he was a local and national leader for the maple industry, a prolific sugar maker. I know Marcelle and I and our children, when we were having something at the farm that called for maple syrup--and in our family, that is just about anything from English muffins to pancakes--everybody's eyes would light up if we knew it was Howrigan syrup.  Notwithstanding his prodigious service to his community, his profession and his country, his greatest impact was probably felt through his personal relationships with his family and what he considered, I think, all of Vermont, his extended family. As a friend, he was a trusted adviser on agricultural issues over several decades. I know Senator Jeffords also valued his friendship and advice and Governors consulted him regularly. But as dad and grandpa to a large, active family, he cultivated two new generations of Vermont dairy farmers and maple sugar makers.  We could talk about all the different things he did, but it still does not give a picture of the man. He was known for a deep and spirited Irish pride, a sentiment I obviously share. I find myself comparing that other great Irish American and dear friend, Teddy Kennedy, whose recent loss I also mourn. But I also treasure the trip my wife Marcelle and I took with Harold to Ireland. There he felt he was truly in the Promised Land. We would walk about the streets of Dublin or small towns nearby. He was so proud of his family's Irish heritage, he never stopped smiling throughout his visit.  The day of his funeral, last week, Marcelle wore an Irish pin we purchased with him in Ireland. I, of course, wore a green tie in his honor. I watched his grandsons wearing some of the Irish ties Harold had owned. I listened to his son and daughter and grandchildren talk about him, capturing him in his stories and his nature. I think about the very last conversation I had with him just weeks before he died. In all these things, he never asked for anything for himself. He always asked me to watch out for other people. He led by quiet example and hard work and kindness and love.  I, along with the State of Vermont and many across the United States and across the Atlantic, will miss Harold. He was a dear friend, truly a great American. Similar to all Vermonters, I express my sympathy to his family and I say: Goodbye, Harold, my dear friend.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  