President, today, I am proud to join Senators Durbin, Specter, Feingold, Cardin, Whitehouse, Kaufman, Franken, and others to introduce the Fair Sentencing Act of 2009. Our bill will eliminate the current 100-to-1 disparity between Federal sentences for crack and powder cocaine, equalizing the penalties for both forms of cocaine. I hope that this legislation will finally enable us to address the racial imbalance that has resulted from the cocaine sentencing disparity, as well as to make our drug laws more fair, more rational, and more consistent with our core values of justice.  I commend Senator Durbin for his leadership in fixing this decades-old injustice. He chaired a hearing before our Crime and Drugs Subcommittee six months ago to examine this issue where we heard from the Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division at the Justice Department. We should do what we can to restore public confidence in our criminal justice system. Correcting biases in our criminal sentencing laws is a step in that direction.  Today, the criminal justice system has unfair and biased cocaine penalties that undermine the Constitution's promise of equal treatment for all Americans. For more than 20 years, our Nation has used a Federal cocaine sentencing policy that treats ``crack'' offenders one hundred times more harshly than other cocaine offenders without any legitimate basis for the difference. We know that there is little or no pharmacological distinction between crack and powder cocaine, yet the resulting punishments for these offenses is radically different and the resulting impact on minorities has been particularly unjust.  Under this flawed policy, a first-time offender caught selling five grams of powder cocaine typically receives a 6 month sentence, and would often be eligible for probation. That same first-time offender selling the same amount of crack faces a mandatory five year prison sentence, with little or no possibility of leniency. This policy is wrong and unfair, and it has needlessly swelled our prisons, wasting precious Federal resources.  Even more disturbingly, this policy has had a significantly disparate impact on racial and ethnic minorities. According to the latest statistics assembled by the United States Sentencing Commission, African-American offenders continue to make up the large majority of Federal crack cocaine offenders, accounting for 80 percent of all Federal crack cocaine offenses, compared to white offenders who account for just 10 percent. These statistics are startling. It is no wonder this policy has sparked a nationwide debate about racial bias and undermined citizens' confidence in the justice system.  These penalties, which Congress created in the mid-1980s, have failed to address basic concerns. The primary goal was to punish the major traffickers and drug kingpins who were bringing crack into our neighborhoods. But the law has not been used to go after the most serious offenders. In fact, just the opposite has happened. The Sentencing Commission has consistently reported for many years that more than half of Federal crack cocaine offenders are low-level street dealers and users, not the major traffickers Congress intended to target.  The Fair Sentencing Act of 2009 would return the focus of Federal cocaine sentencing policy to drug kingpins, rather than street level dealers, and address the racial disparity in cocaine sentencing. The legislation we introduce today would align crack and powder cocaine sentences by setting the mandatory minimum sentencing triggers at the same levels. This equalization is a sound way to address the unjust sentencing disparity between crack and powder cocaine.  We have heard calls for this reform from Senators on both sides of the aisle. Senator Hatch, who has called the current ratio ``an unjustifiable disparity,'' recognizes that because ``crack and powder cocaine are pharmacologically the same drug'' our sentencing laws do ``not warrant such an extreme disparity.'' Even Senator Sessions, now the ranking Republican member of the Judiciary Committee, has called the 100-to-1 disparity in sentencing between crack cocaine and powder cocaine ``not justifiable'' and called for changes to make the criminal justice system more effective and fair.  The legislation we introduce today would also eliminate the mandatory minimum sentence for possession of crack cocaine. The 5-year mandatory minimum sentence penalty for simple possession of crack is unique under Federal law. There is no other mandatory minimum for mere simple possession of a drug. This bill would correct this inequity, as well. Still, the Federal penalties for drug crimes remain very tough. This bill toughens some of those penalties. It would increase fines for major drug traffickers, as well as provide sentencing enhancements for acts of violence committed during the course of a drug trafficking offense. As a former prosecutor, I support strong punishments for drug traffickers.  This legislation already has support from a broad coalition of groups, including the American Bar Association, the NAACP, the ACLU, Families Against Mandatory Minimums, the Sentencing Project, the United Methodist Church, and many more.  While serving in the Senate, in September 2007, then-Senator Obama said:       If you are convicted of a crime involving drugs, of course      you should be punished. But let's not make the punishment for      crack cocaine that much more severe than the punishment for      powder cocaine when the real difference is where the people      are using them or who is using them.  I agree. And the Justice Department agrees as well, as Assistant AttorneyGeneral Lanny Breuer announced at our hearing this spring.  For over 20 years, the ``crack-powder'' disparity in the law has contributed to swelling prison populations without focusing on the drug kingpins. We must be smarter in our Federal drug policy. Law enforcement has been and continues to be a central part of our efforts against illegal drugs, but we must also find meaningful, community-based solutions.  American justice is about fairness for each individual. To have faith in our system Americans must have confidence that the laws of this country, including our drug laws, are fair and administered fairly. I believe the Fair Sentencing Act of 2009 will move us one step closer to reaching that goal. I urge all Senators to support this measure.  