Byrd, has now served 50 years which is an all time record as the longest serving Senator in our country.  I have had the privilege of serving beside Senator Byrd for 34 years and am proud to call him a very good friend. When I first came to the Senate as a new Member, it was Robert Byrd who took me aside and talked to me about the rules of the Senate. Senator Byrd took the time to speak about the rules and history of the Senate, but he also talked about the customs, and practices of this body. He spoke of the way you treat each other, and how you treat members of the other party. He also explained the customary order of recognition, the kinds of courtesies you use and the importance of taking into consideration the needs of another Senator.  Senator Byrd and I have sat here through inaugurations of Presidents, and we have traveled together to funerals of colleagues with whom we have served. His late wife, Erma, and my wife, Marcelle, were friends and would often ride together down to the Senate for Senate gatherings. I know I would always enjoy running into Erma and Bob in the grocery store in McLean, VA. After a while, we would tend to forget what it was we had gone to the store for because we would be catching up on the news of the Senate. Throughout it all, Bob Byrd has always had that great sense of what it means to be a Senator.  I said many times on the floor of this Senate that there are only 100 of us who have the privilege at any given time to serve here and the American people. Bob Byrd has always understood that better than most of us ever will. We can be and should be the conscience of the Nation.  We are, above all, a Senate of reasonable men and women who live by very specific rules, and we hurt both the Senate and the country if we ignore those rules. So many times I have heard Senator Byrd, who would see us moving away from the rules which guide us, stand up to address the Chair and remind each one of us what it means to be a Senator, what it means to protect those principals and what it means to serve this country.  Senators come and go. All of us will at some time leave this body. But those Senators who do the most to uphold and keep the functions and history of the Senate alive are the ones who will make it a better place for the next generation of Senators. Senator Byrd has authored histories of this Chamber, but then he has also lived the history of this Chamber.  I salute my good friend from West Virginia. I look forward to serving with him for years to come.  