President, I have listened to some of the comments by the junior Senator from South Carolina about the President's request to participate in the expansion of the new arrangements to borrow and increase the U.S. quota at the International Monetary Fund.  This authority, incidentally, is requested in order to implement decisions that were made by President Bush.  It is easy to confuse people about this issue, as the Wall Street Journal editorial page confused itself and probably most of its readers earlier this week.  If you are opposed to giving the Treasury Department this authority, the best way to scare people into voting against it is to say that it is a giveaway of $100 billion in U.S. taxpayer funds to foreign countries. That would scare anyone. If it were true I would vote against it myself.  But it is not true. Our contribution is backed up by huge IMF gold reserves, so the cost to the taxpayers is $5 billion over 5 years, not $100 billion. OMB and CBO agree on that, and so does the Senate Budget Committee. And besides being false, it detracts from the legitimate question of why should we do this?  The simple answer is because our economy, and millions of American jobs, depends on it.  Between 2003 and 2008, U.S. exports grew by 8 percent per year in real terms. A key reason for that was the rapid growth of foreign markets. Our exports show a 95-percent correlation to foreign country growth rates since 2000.  During that period, the role of exports in driving growth in the U.S. economy steadily increased. The share of all U.S. growth attributable to exports rose from 25 percent in 2003 to almost 70 percent in 2008.  Because of the global financial crisis our exports peaked in July of last year and have been falling since then. In the first quarter of 2009, our real exports were 23 percent lower than in the first quarter of 2008.  Our export decline is now contributing to recession in the United States.  With an export share in GDP of 12 percent, a 23-percent decline, if sustained over the course of a year, would make a negative contribution to GDP of almost 3 percent.  The stimulus plan we passed is boosting domestic demand. But the benefits of the stimulus are at risk of being wiped out by the decline in exports.  We need to help foreign countries lift themselves out of recession. It will benefit them, but it will also restore our exports as their economies recover and they begin to buy more of our goods and services.  Some foreign countries can take care of themselves with stimulus of their own, and by cleaning up their own banking sectors.  But many others, especially emerging market economies, have been hard hit. Some countries have been cut off abruptly from capital markets and shut out of credit markets by the banking problems originating in the United States and Europe.  Those countries need to fix their own problems and get temporary finance to avoid a prolonged period of economic decline.  Providing temporary finance and policy fixes is the job of the IMF.  But as the world economy grew in the last decade, the financial resources available to the IMF did not keep up. It has been caught short by the suddenness, severity, and scope of this global crisis.  The request for a quota increase, and the authority to participate in the new arrangements to borrow, will replenish the IMF's resources so it can fight this crisis.  With this money, the IMF will be able to help many foreign economies revive. With this money, the IMF will be ready in case the crisis deepens and takes more victims.  As foreign economies recover, so will ours. We will be spared an even worse decline in our exports, with greater job loss. As our exports resume, people in export industries in every State will be able to go back to work.  This may seem like an arcane issue, but it is of vital importance to the jobs of millions of Americans across this country. I, Senator Kerry, Senator Dodd, Senator Shelby, Senator Lugar, and others have agreed on substitute language which provides for prior consultation and reports to Congress, as well as greater transparency and accountability at the IMF. It also provides guidelines for the use of the proceeds of sales of IMF gold.  The real choice here is not whether or not we should provide Treasury with the authority that both former President Bush and President Obama have called for.  Rather, it is how we should do it. After we vote on the DeMint amendment, and assuming it is defeated, I will seek consent for the adoption of substitute language that is supported by the chairman and ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee and the chairman and ranking member of the Banking Committee.  It also has the support of the chairman and ranking member of the State and Foreign Operations Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee.  The true cost of the authority requested by the President is not the $100 billion the Senator from South Carolina wants you to believe. That is a scare tactic. It is $5 billion over 5 years, and that is a drop in the ocean compared to cost to our economy, and to American jobs, by not acting.  