President, I am delighted to follow the Senator from Ohio, who has been such a leader in this area. Of course, I am delighted to see my distinguished friend from Massachusetts in the chair, a friend of probably more years than either one of us is willing to count.  Today, we as Members of Congress have the opportunity to complete an effort that actually began decades ago. The status quo has a powerful lobby, and the centuries of status quo have killed health insurance reform before. They are pouring all their energy not into offering constructive solutions but into erecting new pillars of obstruction at every turn.  Each of the various reform plans that have been brought forward by now have their strengths and their weaknesses. We all know that. But one other thing we should know: Radical reforms they are not.  As President Obama asked, these proposals are based on the existing system of employer-based private insurance. But in the absence of comprehensive national reform, several States have helped fill the void by crafting some of their own solutions. I am proud my home State of Vermont has been a leader and an innovator on several issues that are now being wrapped into the reform package. One such provision mirrors a pilot program in Vermont, the Blueprint for Health. This coordinates care among patients and does it in a way to prevent costly hospitalizations and procedures. Patients who participate in the program have their care monitored to ensure they are receiving the kinds of preventive services and disease management they need. The blueprint rewards physicians who keep their patients healthy. The program has already slowed costs. Of course, it has reduced emergency room visits.  Vermont has also coordinated patient care as one of the States at the forefront of the movement toward electronic medical records. That is a reform I have long promoted. Recently, I visited Montpelier Pharmacy in our capital city, a small city of 8,500. I had the privilege of being born there. But I visited Montpelier Pharmacy to announce a grant I secured to help small pharmacies across Vermont adopt a system for electronic prescriptions. With electronic prescribing, you can have all kinds of computer safeguards to prevent dosages from being too large or also prescribing a medication which may conflict with another medication that has already been prescribed. The system gives the physicians--but also the pharmacists--a concrete medication history that doesn't rely just on a patient's memory alone. In fact, if you have a patient who cannot or does not remember what medication they have been taking, this can be lifesaving. It is a little bit better than a patient saying: Well, I have that small white pill, and I think it is something for heart or something like that; they can press the button and know exactly what medications they have and what the contraindications are for other medications.  Vermont has also been a national leader in children's health care and in expanding coverage for low-income Vermonters to the Medicaid Program. All this in a little State of 650,000 people. But because of our early action, more than 96 percent of Vermont's children have health insurance. In our little State--not a wealthy State, but 96 percent of Vermont's children have health insurance. We have one of the lowest rates for uninsured adults in the country. It makes Vermont a leader and model for the rest of the Nation.  The proof is in the pudding. We have 96 percent of the children with health insurance, the lowest rates for uninsured adults, so it should be no surprise that Vermont has been ranked the healthiest State in the Nation by the American Public Health Association and the Partnership for Prevention and ranked No. 1 in health care by the Commonwealth Fund. We can talk about things to do, but when you actually do them, it works.  While Vermont has been a model in coordinating care and offering wider health coverage through public programs, a provision to expand Medicaid coverage nationwide threatens to penalize States such as Vermont that have acted early to do the right thing; States, such as Vermont, that did not wait but went forward to protect the people in their State. Instead of rewarding States that have taken the initiative to expand Medicaid Programs early, one of the Senate bills would require States that have been leaders in expanding coverage to accept less Federal assistance than other States who are offered only the bare minimum of coverage. In other words, it penalizes those that have done the right thing and rewards those that have done the wrong things. Taxpayers in early leader States such as Vermont would be forced to sustain programs in States across the country that traditionally ignored the needs of their citizens. So to address this disparity, I recently joined with 13 other Senators from early leader States to offer a proposal that treats all States fairly. We can all share the goal of increasing access to essential medical services by expanding Medicaid coverage nationwide. I look forward to working with others in a way that does not misguidedly harm early leader States.  Even though Vermont has long recognized the importance of a health care system that includes all Vermontersand Americans, individual States can't make enough progress without comprehensive health insurance reform. We need that. Workers nationwide are losing insurance for their families when they change or lose jobs. Insurance companies can and do discriminate against sick people. Notwithstanding what the hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of ads say, they can and do discriminate.  I hear heartbreaking stories daily from constituents in Vermont. They tell me of the trouble they have getting, paying for, and keeping health insurance. I hear it when I go to the grocery stores at home. I hear it when I am putting gas in my car at home. I hear it when I am walking down the street or coming out of church, such as the woman from Winhall, VT, who spends $500 a month on prescriptions--$500 a month on prescriptions--but she would be uninsured if not for her husband's job. She is working two jobs just to make ends meet and afford their health care costs.  Then there is the small business owner in Vermont who has three full-time employees and one part-time worker and she works 6 and 7 days a week, but she can't afford the blood test her doctor recommended. If she becomes sick, she will lose her business, she will lose her home, her employees will lose their insurance.  There is the man from central Vermont who told me about his sister-in-law who lost parts of both feet because she didn't have health insurance. She didn't have health insurance, and when she needed medical attention, she waited, hoping things would get better. Well, they didn't, and she had to be rushed to the emergency room for amputation.  Real-life stories such as these make us ask: Why are we the only industrialized Nation in the world that lacks health insurance for its citizens? Why does the wealthiest Nation on Earth lack health insurance for its citizens? Why does the most powerful Nation on Earth lack health insurance for its citizens? It is shameful. We owe it to all Americans to pass meaningful reform.  I strongly believe the best way to meet these goals is to include a public health insurance option in health insurance reform. A public option would give consumers more choices to purchase an affordable and quality health insurance plan. It would bring about competition. It will bring down costs. I applaud the majority leader for saying the Senate bill will consider this.  In order to introduce true competition in the insurance industry we must also end the exemption from antitrust scrutiny that has been carved out of our laws for the benefit of health insurers and medical malpractice insurance companies. The antitrust laws exist to protect consumers and promote competition, and we should no longer allow the insurance industry to hide behind its special, statutory exemption from the antitrust laws. During the Senate's debate on health insurance reform, I will offer as an amendment the Health Insurance Industry Antitrust Enforcement Act, which I introduced last month, to end the health insurance industry's exemption from our antitrust laws.  We know our current health system is unsustainable. It threatens not only our health security but also our economic security. Doing nothing has been seen as an option before us. It is always easier to do nothing, but that is not an option now. We tried doing nothing for years and the situation has grown worse. So let's debate and let's pass health insurance overhaul in the coming weeks. Let's give Americans the competition they need. Most importantly, let's give Americans the choice they need.  I yield the floor.  