That is a sentiment I share, and one that I have voiced in hearings and statements for years as well.  To President Obama's credit, to the benefit of the Nation, he has worked since his first day in office to turn these words into action to make our national security policy and our detainee policy consistent with American laws and American values. That, in turn, makes us more secure. I have supported President Obama in these steps, and I will continue to do so. That is why I have voted against amendments to withhold funding to close the Guantanamo detention facility, and to prohibit any Guantanamo detainees from being brought to the United States. These amendments undermine the good work the President is doing, and they make us less safe, not safer.  I believe strongly, as all Americans do, we have to take every step we can to prevent terrorism. Then we have to ensure severe punishment for those who do us harm. As a former prosecutor, I have never shied away from harsh sentences for those who commit atrocious acts. I point to the times I have requested and gotten for people I have prosecuted life sentences, life sentences that they served without the possibility of parole.  I also believe strongly we can ensure our safety and security and bring terrorists to justice in ways that are consistent with our laws and values. When we have strayed from that approach--when we have tortured people in our custody, or sent people to other countries to be tortured, or held people for years without even giving them a chance to go to court, to argue we were holding the wrong person, they are being held in error--we have hurt our national security immeasurably.  Our allies have been less willing to help our counterterrorism efforts, and that has made our military men and women more vulnerable and our country less safe. Terrorists have used our actions as a tool to recruit new members, which means then we have to fend off more enemies.  Worse still, we have lost our ability to respond with moral authority if other countries should mistreat American solders or civilians.  Guantanamo has become the symbol of the severe missteps our country took in recent years. Changing our interrogation policies to ban torture was an essential first step. But only by shutting the Guantanamo facility and restoring tough but fair procedures can we repair our image in the world. We have to do that if we hope to have a truly strong national security policy.  To close Guantanamo, we need our national security and our legal experts working hard to come up with a comprehensive plan for its closure. We should be funding those efforts. By cutting off that funding, we have hamstrung the President's initiative, and no matter what we intended to do, I believe we have made our Nation less safe.  Much debate has focused on keeping Guantanamo detainees out of the United States. In this debate, political rhetoric has entirely drowned out reason and reality. Our criminal justice system handles extremely dangerous criminals, and it has handled more than a few terrorists, and has done so safely and effectively. We try very dangerous people in our courts and we hold very dangerous people in our jails in Vermont and throughout the country. We have the best justice system in the world.  We have spent billions of dollars on our detention facilities, on our law enforcement, and our justice system. Are we going to say to the world, oh, my goodness gracious, we are not good enough to be able to handle criminal cases of this nature? I do not believe so.  We try those dangerous people and we hold those dangerous people in jails in Vermont and throughout our country. We are showing the world that we can do it. I know; I have put some of them there. We do it every day in ways that keep the American people safe and secure. I have absolute confidence we can continue to do it.  The Judiciary Committee has held several hearings on the issue of how to best handle detainees. Experts and judges from across the political spectrum have agreed that our courts and our justice system can handle this challenge. Indeed, it has handled it many times already.  What I am saying is, after all of those billions of dollars, after all of the superb men and women we have working in our justice system, after all that we spend on maximum security facilities, are we going to say to the world, America is not strong enough to try even the worst of criminals?  When we were hit with one of the worst terrorist attacks ever in this country, Oklahoma City, did we say we cannot try the people we have now captured? We cannot have them in a courtroom where it is secure, we will not be able to punish them? Of course not. We went ahead, and we also established for the rest of the world that we follow a system of justice in America. And having been horribly damaged in Oklahoma City, we followed our system of justice. The rest of the world looked at it, and they learned from us.  Let's not step back from that. Republican luminaries such as GEN Colin Powell have agreed with this idea. One Republican member of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Graham, said, ``The idea that we cannot find a place to securely house 250-plus detainees within the United States is not rational.''  So let's let reality come in and overwhelm rhetoric. It is time to act on our principles and our constitutional system. Those whom we believe to be guilty of heinous crimes should be tried. They should be penalized severely, and our courts and our prisons are more than up to the task. Our courts and our prisons are more up to this task than those in any other country in the world. But we also could have people who are innocent or where we captured the wrong person. If so, they should be released.  There are going to be tough cases. Instead of cutting out the money the administration needs to dispose of those cases responsibly, knowing how tough they will be, we ought to be doing just the opposite and give them the resources they need.  Let's put aside heated, distorted rhetoric. Support the President in his efforts to truly make our country a safe and strong Republic worthy of the history and values that have always made America great.  I believed that when I was a young lawyer in private practice. I believed that when I was a prosecutor. I believe that even more today as a Senator.  I yield the floor.  