President, I am opening this debate in my capacity not only as a Senator from Vermont but as chairman of the Judiciary Committee.  We are here today to consider President Obama's nomination of David Ogden to be Deputy Attorney General, the number two position at the Department of Justice. This is a picture, incidentally, of David Ogden. I had hoped we could vote on this nomination soon--although apparently, because of objections on the other side, we will not be able to vote until tomorrow. This is unfortunate. Every day we delay the appointment of the Deputy Attorney General is a day we are not enhancing the security of the United States.  In this case, we have a nominee who I had hoped to have confirmed weeks ago. Mr. Ogden is a highly qualified nominee who has chosen to leave a very successful career in private practice--one I might say parenthetically pays considerably more than the Department of Justice does--to return to the Department, where he served with great distinction. His path in many ways reflects that of the Attorney General, Eric Holder, who, of course, also was a highly successful and respected partner in one of the major law firms in Washington. And he left to become Attorney General of the United States at the request of President Obama to serve his Nation. Mr. Ogden is doing the same thing.  Interestingly enough, once Mr. Ogden's nomination was announced, the letters of support started to comein from leading law enforcement organizations across the country. Let me put a few of these up on this chart. As you can see, Mr. Ogden's nomination received support from leading law enforcement organizations; children's advocates; civil rights organizations; and former Government officials from both Republican and Democratic administrations.  Indeed, Larry Thompson, the former Deputy Attorney General under President George W. Bush, a highly respected former public official, has endorsed David Ogden to be Deputy Attorney General.  The Boys and Girls Clubs of America, an organization I have spent a lot of time with and one I highly respect. This organization provides alternative programs and a great mentoring system for children in many cities to keep them out of trouble. And this fine organization has endorsed David Ogden.  A dozen retired military officers who serve as Judge Advocates General have endorsed Mr. Ogden's nomination.  The Fraternal Order of Police and the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, two major law enforcement organizations, have endorsed him.  The Major Cities Chiefs Association have endorsed him.  The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, another organization I have worked a great deal with, and one that has done such wonderful things to help in the case of missing and exploited children, has also endorsed him.  The National Association of Police Organizations has endorsed David Ogden.  The National District Attorneys Association has endorsed him, which I was particularly pleased to see. I once served as vice president of the National District Attorneys Association. As an aside, I should note that I gave up the honor and glory of becoming president of the National District Attorneys Association for the anonymity of the Senate.  The National Narcotics Officers' Associations' Coalition has endorsed David Ogden.  The National Sheriffs' Association has endorsed David Ogden.  The Police Executive Research Forum has endorsed David Ogden.  The National Center for Victims of Crime has endorsed David Ogden.  Why have they endorsed him? Because he is an immensely qualified nominee, and he has the obvious priorities that we want in a Deputy Attorney General. His priorities will be the safety and security of the American people and to reinvigorate the traditional work of the Justice Department in protecting the rights of all Americans. That is why he will be a critical asset to the Attorney General. He will help us remember it is the Deputy Attorney General of the United States, and it is the Department of Justice for all Americans.  With all of these endorsements, including all of the major law enforcement groups endorsing him, and all the endorsements from both Republicans and Democrats, what is astonishing for all these law enforcement organizations wanting him there is that Republicans threatened to filibuster this nomination. They refused to agree to this debate and a vote on the nomination, and they required the majority leader to file a cloture motion, which he did on Monday. For more than a week we were told that Republicans would not agree to a debate and vote and would insist on filibustering this nomination.  It is amazing. I don't know if Republicans are aware of what is going on in this country--the rising crime rates which began rising in the last year or so and the critical nature working families are facing. And yet they want to filibuster a nominee, one of the best I have seen for this position in my 35 years in the Senate.  I noted that development and the threat of a filibuster at a Judiciary Committee business meeting last Thursday, after a week of fruitless efforts to try to move this nomination forward by agreement and obviate the need for a filibuster. I noted my disappointment that, despite the bipartisan majority vote in favor of the nomination by Republicans and Democrats on the committee, despite the support from law enforcement groups, despite the support from children's advocates, and despite the support from former Government officials for Republican and Democratic administrations, we have been stalled in our ability to move forward to consider this nomination. And, of course, the Justice Department, which is there to represent all Americans--Republicans and Democrats, Independents, and everybody--is left without a deputy for another week.  Quite frankly, I found the news of an imminent Republican filibuster incomprehensible. I could not think of any precedent for this during my 35 years in the Senate. A bipartisan majority--14 to 5--voted to report this nomination from the Judiciary Committee to the Senate. The ranking Republican member of the committee, Senator Specter, voted to support this nomination. The assistant Senate Republican leader, Senator Kyl, and the senior Senator from South Carolina, Mr. Graham, voted in favor of Mr. Ogden. And yet, in spite of this bipartisan support, someone or a group of Senators on the Republican side of the aisle were intent on filibustering this nominee to stop us from having a Deputy Attorney General who might actually be there to help fight crime in America.  Why there was this attempt of filibustering President Obama's nomination for Deputy Attorney General of the United States, and depriving law enforcement in this country of his support, I cannot not understand.  Two weeks ago, we debated and voted on the nomination in the Judiciary Committee. Those who opposed the nomination had the opportunity to explain their negative vote. I urge all Senators to reject these false and scurrilous attacks that have been made against Mr. Ogden. I also held out hope that they would reject applying an obvious double standard when it comes to President Obama's nominees. Remember, these are the same people who voted unanimously for one of the worst attorneys general in this Nation's history, former Attorney General Gonzales.  I am glad some semblance of common sense has finally prevailed on the Republican side of the aisle. I guess somebody looked at the facts and said: ``This makes absolutely no sense whatsoever, and there is no way of justifying this to Americans, other than to the most partisan of Americans,'' and they reversed their position. They now say they will not filibuster this nomination.  It was disturbing to see the President's nomination of Mr. Ogden to this critical national security post being held up this long by Senate Republicans apparently on some kind of a partisan whim.  I voted for all four of the nominees that the Senate confirmed and President Bush nominated to serve as the Deputy Attorney General during the course of his Presidency. In fact, each of the four was confirmed by voice vote. Not a single Democratic Senator voted against them and some may not have been the people we would have chosen had it been a Democratic President. But we respected the fact the American people elected a Republican President and he deserved a certain amount of leeway in picking his nominees.  Of course, we heard the same preaching from the Republican side. Suddenly their position has now changed since the American people, by a landslide, elected a Democratic President. What Republicans are essentially saying is President Obama does not get the same kind of credit that President Bush did. That amounts to a double standard, especially after every Republican Senator supported each of President Bush's nominees, as they did the nomination of Alberto Gonzales.  Today, however, there will be no more secret and anonymous Republican holds. Any effort to oppose the President's nominees--executive or judicial--will have to withstand public scrutiny. There can be no more anonymous holds. We can turn at last to consideration of President Obama's nomination of David Ogden to be Deputy Attorney General, the No. 2 position at the Department.  Let me tell you a little bit about David Ogden. As a former high-ranking official at both the Defense Department and the Justice Department, he is the kind of serious lawyer and experienced Government servant who understands the special role the Department of Justice must fulfill in our democracy. It is no surprise that hisnomination has received strong support from leading law enforcement organizations, children's advocates, civil rights organizations, and former Government officials from Republican and Democratic administrations.  The confirmation of Mr. Ogden to this critical national security post should not be further delayed. The Deputy Attorney General is too important a position to be made into a partisan talking point for special interest politics.  Now, I understand some people want to do fundraising as they talk about their ability to block nominations of President Obama. I wonder if they know how critical the situation is in this country. This is not the time for partisan political games. This is a time where all of us have a stake in the country getting back on track and we ought to be working to do that. Stop the partisan games. The Deputy Attorney General is needed to manage the Justice Department with its many divisions, sections, and offices and tens of thousands of employees. As Deputy Attorney General, Mr. Ogden would be responsible for the day-to-day management of the Justice Department, including the Department's critical role of keeping our Nation safe from the threat of terrorism.  I want to thank Mark Filip, the most recent Deputy Attorney General and a Republican. Judge Filip came from Chicago last year motivated by public service. He had a lifetime appointment as a Federal judge where he served with distinction as a conservative Republican. He gave up his lifetime appointment after the scandals of the Gonzalez Justice Department, where not only did the Attorney General resign but virtually everybody at the top echelon of the Department of Justice resigned because of the outrageous scandals at that time. I urged his fast and complete confirmation and he was confirmed just over one year ago, unanimously, by voice vote.  Now, are Judge Filip and I different politically? Yes, of course we are. We differ in many areas. Yet, I saw a man dedicated to public service. He gave up his dream of a lifetime position on the Federal bench. He saw the scandals of the former Attorney General and all the people who had to be replaced by President Bush because of the scandalous conduct, and he came in for the good of the country to help right it. I admire him for that. I was chairman of the committee that unanimously endorsed his nomination. As chairman of the committee, I came to the floor of the Senate and urged his support.  On February 4, after 11 months of dedicated and commendable service to us all he left the Justice Department. It is time, over a month later, that his replacement be confirmed by the Senate.  The Senate's quick consideration of Mr. Filip's nomination was reflective of how Senate Democrats approached the confirmations of nominees for this critical position. President Bush's first nominee to serve as Deputy Attorney General, Larry Thompson, received similar treatment. At the beginning of a new President's term, it is common practice to expedite consideration of Cabinet and high level nominees. I remember that nomination very well. I was the ranking Democrat on the committee at that time. His hearing was just 2 weeks after his nomination. He was reported by the Judiciary Committee unanimously. Every Democratic Senator voted in favor of reporting his nomination. And he was confirmed that same day by voice vote by the Senate. No shenanigans. No partisanship. No posturing for special interests.  His replacement was James Comey. He, like Mr. Ogden, was a veteran of the Department of Justice. The Democratic Senators in the Senate minority did not filibuster, obstruct or delay that nomination. We knew how important it was. We cooperated in a hearing less than 2 weeks after he was nominated. He was reported from the committee unanimously in a 19-0 vote, and he was confirmed by the Senate in voice vote.  Even when President Bush nominated a more contentious choice, a nominee with a partisan political background, Senate Democrats did not filibuster. Paul McNulty was confirmed to serve as the Deputy Attorney General in 2006 in a voice vote by the Senate. While there were concerns, there was no filibuster. As it turned out, Mr. McNulty resigned in the wake of the U.S. attorney firing scandal, along with Attorney General Gonzales and so many others in leadership positions at the Department of Justice.  I voted for all four of the nominees that the Senate confirmed and President Bush appointed to serve as the Deputy Attorney General during the course of his presidency. In fact, each of the four was confirmed by voice vote. Not a single Democratic Senator voted against them. And, of course, every Republican Senator supported each of those nominees as they did the nomination of Alberto Gonzales and the other nominations of President Bush to high ranking positions at the Justice Department.  I bring up this history to say let us stop playing partisan games. Mr. Ogden's nomination to be Deputy Attorney General, a major law enforcement position, is supported by Republicans and Democrats, at a time when we need the best in our law enforcement in this country.  The Justice Department is without a confirmed deputy at a time when we face great threats and challenges. Indeed, one of the recommendations of the bipartisan 9/11 Commission was that after Presidential transitions, nominees for national security appointments, such as Mr. Ogden, be accelerated. In particular, the 9/11 Commission recommended:       A president-elect should submit the nominations of the      entire new national security team, through the level of      undersecretary of cabinet departments, not later than January      20.  The commission also recommended that the Senate:     should adopt special rules requiring hearings and votes to      confirm or reject national security nominees within 30 days      of their submission.  President Obama did his part when he designated Mr. Ogden to be the Deputy Attorney General on January 5, more than 2 months ago. We now are at March 11. It is time for the Senate to act. Stop the partisan games, stop the holding up, stop the holds and the threats of filibusters and all the rest. The problems and threats confronting the country are too serious to continue to delay and to play partisan games, no matter which fundraising letter somebody wants to send out. Forget the fundraising letters for a moment; let us deal with the needs of our Nation.  Scurrilous attacks against Mr. Ogden have been launched by some on the extreme right. David Ogden is a good lawyer and a good man. He is a husband and a father. The chants that David Ogden is somehow a pedophile and a pornographer are not only false, they are so wrong. Senators know better than that. Forget the fundraising letters, let us talk about a decent family man, an exceptional lawyer. Let us talk about somebody who answered every question at his confirmation hearing, not only about those he represented legally but about his personal views.  I questioned Mr. Ogden at his hearing and he gave his commitment to vigorously enforce Federal law, regardless of the positions he may have taken on behalf of his clients in private practice. I asked him if he had the right experience to be Deputy Attorney General and he pointed out his extensive experience managing criminal matters at the Department and in private practice. I asked him to thoroughly review the practice of prosecutors investigating and filing law suits on the eve of elections, and he said he would. I asked him to work with me on a mortgage and financial fraud law, and he was agreeable. I asked about his experience in the type of national security matters that have become more than ever before central to the mission of the Justice Department, and he highlighted his extensive national security experience and lessons he learned as General Counsel for the Department of Defense. On all these matters he was candid and reassuring.  That is why Mr. Ogden's nomination has received dozens of letters of support, including strong endorsements from Republican and Democratic former public officials and high-ranking veterans of the Justice Department, from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, the Boys and Girls Clubs of America, and from nearly every major law enforcement organization.  As one who began his public career in law enforcement, I would not standhere and endorse somebody for such a major law enforcement position if I did not feel it was a person who should do this. Larry Thompson, a former Deputy Attorney General himself, and somebody I worked with on law enforcement matters when he was here as a Republican nominee, described Mr. Ogden as       A brilliant and thoughtful lawyer who has the complete      confidence and respect of career attorneys at Main Justice.      David will be a superb Deputy Attorney General.  Chuck Canterbury, who is the national president of the Fraternal Order of Police, wrote that Mr. Ogden       . . . possesses the leadership and experience the Justice      Department will need to meet the challenges which lay before      us.  A dozen retired military officers who served as judge advocates general have endorsed Mr. Odgen's nomination, calling him       . . . a person of wisdom, fairness, and integrity, a public      servant vigilant to protect the national security of the      United States, and a civilian official who values the      perspective of uniformed lawyers in matters within their      particular expertise.  I know something about law enforcement, not only from my past career but the 35 years I have served in this body, most of that time on the Senate Judiciary Committee dealing with law enforcement matters. I know that David Ogden is an immensely qualified nominee whose priorities would be the safety and security of the American people, but also to reinvigorate the traditional work of the Justice Department in protecting the rights of Americans--all Americans. We do not want to go back to the scandalous time of a former Attorney General, where the rights of only certain Americans were protected, and political and partisan decisions were made about whose rights would be protected. This is the Department of Justice. It is the Deputy Attorney General of the United States. It is not the Deputy Attorney General of the Republican Party or the Democratic Party, but the Deputy Attorney General for all of us. That is why he is going to be a critical asset to the Attorney General.  I urge all Senators to support him. Give the same kind of support to Mr. Ogden as Democrats did to Judge Filip when he came in to try to clean up the mess created by a former Attorney General.  One of the joys of being chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee are the people I get to serve with. Over the years, I have served with numerous Senators, including the father of one of our current Senators. For a lawyer, it is an intellectually exhilarating committee to serve on, but again because of some of the great people who serve here.  The Senator from Delaware is the newest member of the committee because the former Senator from Delaware--whom I served with for well over 30 years on that committee. Part of the time he was chairman and part of the time he was ranking member; part of the time I was chairman and part of the time he was ranking member--has left the Senate to be involved in the Senate now only as the presiding officer, because he went on to become Vice President of the United States. His replacement, Senator Kaufman of Delaware, moved into that seat on the Senate Judiciary Committee as though he had served there for all those decades. In a way, he did, as a key person working for former Senator Biden.  I have often joked that Senators are merely constitutional impediments or constitutional necessities to the staff, who do all the work. Now we have somebody who has both the expertise of having been one of the finest staff people I have ever served with and now one of the best Senators I have served with, and a great addition to the Senate Judiciary Committee.  So as not to embarrass him further, I will yield to the distinguished Senator from Delaware.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  