The Senate's official recognition of National Peace Officers Memorial Day and Police Week is a tradition I am proud to carry out each year, and I look forward to the Senate taking up and passing this resolution.  In 2008, 133 law enforcement officers died while serving in the line of duty. We honor their memory. Though this is a decrease from 2007, it is no less tragic a loss to our Federal and state law enforcement community and to their families and friends. The fact that we commemorate the loss and bravery of so many in law enforcement each year should remove any doubts in Congress that it is necessary to give our peace officers everything they need to stay safe and to do their jobs as effectively as they can.  Currently, more than 900,000 men and women work tirelessly to protect our communities, our schools, and our children. They investigate and apprehend the most violent criminals and do more than we know in keeping our communities safe and secure. Since the first recorded police death in 1792, the names of 18,274 law enforcement officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice have been added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial.  I also take this opportunity to recognize that the names of 387 fallen officers will be added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial on May 13 during a candlelight vigil that will be held in their honor. These are officers from the past and present whose memory will be preserved for all time at the memorial, ensuring that their bravery and sacrifice will not be forgotten.  National Peace Officers Memorial Day provides the people of the United States, in their communities, in their State capitals, and in the Nation's Capital, with the opportunity to honor and reflect on the extraordinary service and sacrifice given year after year by those members of our police forces. More than 20,000 peace officers are expected to gather in Washington in the days leading up to May 15, to join with the families of their fallen comrades. It is right that the Senate show its respect on this occasion, and I am proud to honor their service and their memory. I urge all Senators to join me in approving this resolution.  