It is a valuable and flexible tool that allows courts to review classified information and provide for the protection of such material while ensuring a defendant's right to a fair trial. And it works. For close to 30 years, Federal courts have used CIPA to successfullyhandle complex criminal cases, including hundreds of terrorism-related cases since 9/11, and still protect sensitive information from public disclosure.  I reintroduced the State Secrets Protection Act this Congress, legislation that would allow the Government to claim the State secrets privilege while ensuring that a judge would review the evidence the Government is relying upon to determine whether the privilege applies. This concept mirrors CIPA and our bill draws heavily from CIPA procedures. But our bill does not water them down.  I was encouraged to see that Senator Levin, along with Senators Graham and McCain, proposed an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 that would provide procedures in line with CIPA for handling classified information in military commissions. One of the complaints that we have heard about commissions involves procedural confusion, including how to approach the handling of classified information. As Senator Levin pointed out, ``the unique procedures and requirements hampered the ability of defense teams to obtain information.''  In recent testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Vice Admiral MacDonald, the Judge Advocate General for the U.S. Navy, discussed the difficulty that prosecutors have had using military rules for classified evidence and acknowledged:       [T]he military rules on the use of classified information      fall short of our overall goals. On the other hand, for over      20 years, Article III courts have relied upon the Classified      Information Procedures Act, or CIPA.  David Kris, the Assistant Attorney General for the Department of Justice's National Security Division, agreed that CIPA ``has generally worked well in both protecting classified information and ensuring fairness of proceedings'' and that drawing on CIPA would ``allow military judges to draw on a substantial body of CIPA case law and practice that has been developed over the years.''  I agree that, especially with this novel use of military commissions, it is crucial that we draw on evidentiary standards supported by precedent and a proven track record. However, I am concerned that some of the modifications proposed by this amendment would depart from the traditional protections provided by CIPA. For example, CIPA requires the Attorney General to certify that the disclosure of certain information would cause identifiable damage to the national security of the United States. Here, an unidentified ``knowledgeable United States official'' would make that declaration, instead. This amendment also imports a new standard that would require a judge to consider whether disclosure of information would be ``detrimental to national security.'' It would further prohibit the accused from appealing a court order allowing the Government to withhold access to information based on an ex parte proffer by the Government. This marks a serious departure from CIPA's framework for allowing defendants to reconsider such rulings in order to ensure that they are allowed meaningful access to evidence and can present a thorough defense.  I support the administration and Senator Levin's goal of using more article III standards in military commissions, and the use of CIPA procedures is certainly a marked improvement. However, it is important that we not minimize the protections and standards that make tools like CIPA effective in protecting both classified information and the rights of the accused. Until we have a more thorough review and understanding of why these changes are necessary, I believe we should proceed cautiously before we depart from the standards that have served us well for so long in our Federal jurisprudence.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Begich). The Senator from South Carolina.  