President, before we begin, I know that a number of people--I see Senator Grassley, Senator Kohl, and Senator Cardin on the floor--a number of people have asked me--I hope we will not be taking the full 6 hours. I have not discussed this with Senator Specter, so I cannot speak for him. A few of us are going to speak briefly. I hope at some point we will be able to yield back the remainder of our time and go to the vote. I know a number of Senators, especially Senators from the west coast of both parties, tell me they want to try to reach planes later today. And with the weather, there is some problem. So I hope we might be able to yield back time.  Today, the Senate considers the nomination of Elena Kagan to be Solicitor General of the United States. It is fitting that we consider this historic nomination this month--and I think of my wife, my daughter, and my three granddaughters--because, of course, this is Women's History Month. When Elena Kagan is confirmed, she is going to become the first woman to serve as Solicitor General of the United States.  Nearly 10 years ago, President Clinton nominated Elena Kagan for a seat on the Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. At that time, she had served as a clerk for Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall and for Judge Abner Mikva on the DC Circuit, a law professor at the University of Chicago, Special Counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee, Associate Counsel to the President of the United States, Deputy Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy, and Deputy Director of the Domestic Policy Council. Her credentials also included two years at Williams and Connolly and a stellar academic career, graduating with honors from Princeton, Oxford, and Harvard Law School, where she was Supervising Editor of the Harvard Law Review. Despite her outstanding record, the then-Republican majority on the Judiciary Committee refused to consider her nomination. In a move that was unprecedented, she was among the more than 60 highly qualified Clinton nominees that were pocket-filibustered. No Senate majority--Democratic or Republican--has ever done anything like that before or since. Apparently, they felt she wasn't qualified. So she returned to teaching, becoming a professor at Harvard Law School and, in 2003, she became the first woman to be dean of Harvard Law School.  Now, I mention that not just because Elena Kagan reached one of the pinnacles of the legal profession, but in that position, she earned praise from Republicans and Democrats, as well as students and professors, for her consensus-building and inclusive leadership style. She broke the glass ceiling. Now Dean Kagan is poised to break another glass ceiling. Similar to Justice Thurgood Marshall, for whom she clerked, she would make history if confirmed to what Justice Marshall described as ``the best job he ever had.'' I hope that today the Senate will finally confirm her as President Obama's choice to serve the American people as our Solicitor General.  Two weeks ago Dean Kagan's nomination was reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee, 13 Senators voted in favor, only 3 opposed. Senator Kyl, the Assistant Republican Leader, and Senator Coburn voted in favor of the Kagan nomination, and I commend them. Just as I voted for President Bush's nominations of Paul Clement and Gregory Garre to serve as Solicitor General, Senator Kyl and Senator Coburn looked past the differences they might have with Dean Kagan's personal views, and recognized her ability to serve as Solicitor General.  I am disappointed that after 2 weeks, with so many critical matters before the Senate, the Republican Senate minority has insisted on 6 hours of debate on a superbly qualified nominee who has bipartisan support. Democrats did not require floor time to debate the nominations of President Bush's last two Solicitors General, Paul Clement and Greg Garre, who were both confirmed by voice vote.  Even the highly controversial nomination of Ted Olson to be Solicitor General, following his role in the Florida recount and years of partisan political activity, was limited in early 2001 to less time. He was eventually confirmed by a narrow margin, 51 to 47. That was the exception. Other than that controversial nomination, every Solicitor General nomination dating back a quarter century has been confirmed by unanimous consent or voice vote with little or no debate.  Just last week, the Republican Senate minority insisted on 7 hours of debate on the Deputy Attorney General nomination before allowing a vote. Of course, after forcing the majority leader to file for cloture to head off a filibuster and then insisting on so much time, the Republican opposition to that nomination consumed barely 1 hour with floor statements.  I wish instead of these efforts to delay and obstruct consideration of the President's nominees, the Republican Senate minority would work with us on matters of critical importance to the American people. I will note just one current example. Two weeks ago the Senate Judiciary Committee reported an antifraud bill to the Senate. The Leahy-Grassley Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act, S. 386, needs to be considered without delay. It is an important initiative to confront the fraud that has contributed to the economic and financial crisis we face, and to protect against the diversion of Federal efforts to recover from this downturn.  As last week's front page New York Times story and the public's outrage over the AIG bailout remind us, holding those accountable for the mortgage and financial frauds that have contributed to the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression is what the Senate should be spending its time considering. We have a bipartisan bill that has the support of the United States Department of Justice. It can make a difference. In addition to Senator Grassley, Senator Kaufman, Senator Klobuchar, Senator Schumer and Senator Shelby have worked with us on that measure. I would much rather be spending these 6 hours debating and passing that strong and effective antifraud legislation.  Our legislation is designed to reinvigorate our capacity to investigate and prosecute the kinds of frauds that haveundermined our economy and hurt so many hardworking Americans. It provides the resources and tools needed for law enforcement to aggressively enforce and prosecute fraud in connection with bailout and recovery efforts. It authorizes $245 million a year over the next few years for fraud prosecutors and investigators. With this funding, the FBI can double the number of mortgage fraud taskforces nationwide and target the hardest hit areas. The bill includes resources for our U.S. attorneys offices as well as the Secret Service, the HUD Inspector General's Office and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service. It includes important improvements to our fraud and money laundering statutes to strengthen prosecutors' ability to confront fraud in mortgage lending practices, to protect TARP funds, and to cover fraudulent schemes involving commodities futures, options and derivatives as well as making sure the government can recover the ill-gotten proceeds from crime.  I have been trying to get a time agreement to consider the measure ever since March 5 when the Judiciary Committee reported it to the Senate. We can help make a difference for all Americans. Instead of wasting our time in quorum calls when no one is speaking, or demanding multiple hours of debates on nominations that can be discussed in much less time before being confirmed, let us work on matters that will help get us out of the economic ditch that we have inherited from the policies of the last administration and let us begin to work together on behalf of the American people.  The Kagan nomination is not controversial. Every Solicitor General who served from 1985 to 2009 has endorsed her nomination--Republicans and Democrats from across the political spectrum. They include: Charles Fried, Ken Starr, Drew Days, Walter Dellinger, Seth Waxman, Ted Olson, Paul Clement and Greg Garre. In their letter of support, they wrote:       We who have had the honor of serving as Solicitor General      over the past quarter century, from 1985 to 2009, in the      administrations of Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H..W.      Bush, William Clinton, and George W. Bush, write to endorse      the nomination of Dean Elena Kagan to be the next Solicitor      General of the United States. We are confident that Dean      Kagan will bring distinction to the office, continue its      highest traditions and be a forceful advocate for the United      States before the Supreme Court.  Prominent lawyers who served in the Office of the Solicitor General in Republican and Democratic administrations have written to praise Dean Kagan's ``great legal and personal skills, intellect, integrity, independence and judgment,'' concluding that ``she has all the attributes that are essential to an outstanding Solicitor General.''  Deans of 11 of some of the most prominent law schools in the country describe Dean Kagan as ``a person of unimpeachable integrity'' who ``has been a superb dean at Harvard where she has managed to forge coalitions, attract excellent faculty, and satisfy demanding students.'' They call her ``superbly qualified to fulfill the role of representing the United States in the Supreme Court.'' If there were an equivalent to the ABA rating for judicial nominees, hers would be well-qualified.  One of the conservative professors Dean Kagan helped bring to Harvard Law School was Professor Jack Goldsmith, who took charge of the Office of Legal Counsel after the disastrous tenures of Jay Bybee and John Yoo. Professor Goldsmith, a conservative, praised Dean Kagan as someone who will ``take to the Solicitor General's Office a better understanding of the Congress and the Executive branch that she will represent before the Court than perhaps any prior Solicitor General.''  Iraq war veterans wrote a letter to the editor of the Washington Times stating that Dean Kagan ``has created an environment that is highly supportive of students who have served in the military,'' describing the annual Veterans Day dinner for former service members and spouses that she hosts, and the focus she has placed on veterans at Harvard Law School and the military experience of students.  Dean Kagan has taken every conceivable step to meet with Republican Senators and to respond to their supplemental questions to her. Just this week she responded to a letter from the ranking Republican Senator on the committee with extensive written materials. Her answers during her hearing, in her written follow-up questions and then, again, in response to Senator Specter's letter, were more thorough than any Solicitor General nominee in my memory. They are light years better than those provided by Ted Olson or other nominees of Republican Presidents. I hope that we will not see Senators applying a double standard to her and her answers. Those who voted for Ted Olson and Paul Clement and Greg Garre based on their answers can hardly criticize Dean Kagan.  Dean Kagan went above and beyond to provide more information than previous nominees. She did not draw the line as Senator Specter has previously complained, at saying only as much as needed to get confirmed by a majority vote. Instead, she went well beyond that to disclose as much about her personal views as she thought she could consistent with her duties. As she explained in her March 18, 2009, letter to Senator Specter:       [T]he Solicitor General is acting not as policymaker, but      as a lawyer representing the long-term interests of the      United States. The Solicitor General would make decisions . .      . based not on personal views, but on determinate federal      interests. And the Solicitor General's office has      longstanding and rigorous processes in place, usually      involving numerous client agencies and components, to      identify and evaluate the nature and extent of these      interests.  Dean Kagan has shown that she has a deep understanding of the role of the Solicitor General and her exemplary record makes her well qualified to fulfill those important duties. Last week, when establishing the White House Council on Women and Girls, President Obama noted: ``[T]oday, women are serving at the highest levels in all branches of our Government.'' Let us not take a step backward to the days when women were not allowed to be lawyers or hold the top jobs. I think of the history of when Sandra Day O'Connor graduated from Stanford Law School with a stellar academic record and was told she could only have a secretarial job because, after all, she was a woman. Some woman. She became one of the most prominent members of the U.S. Supreme Court.  It is time for breaking through barriers. It is interesting when you look at the quality of these people. When Sandra Day O'Connor was nominated, one of my close friends in the Senate, who was her primary supporter, Senator Barry Goldwater of Arizona, brought her to my office. He said:       You know, sometimes she will probably vote ways I will      disagree with; sometimes I will agree with her. I am not      asking her how she is going to vote on issues, I am just      asking her to be honest and fair and use her great talent.      That is all anybody can ask for.  She was confirmed, of course, unanimously.  Barry Goldwater was right. I believe I am, too, when I say it is time for breaking through barriers for this highly qualified person. It is also a time for our daughters and granddaughters to see a woman serving as a chief legal advocate on behalf of the United States.  I urge all Senators to support President Obama's nomination and vote to confirm Elena Kagan to be Solicitor General of the United States.  