. District Court for the Middle District of Florida. Judge Honeywell's confirmation has been needlessly delayed. Judge Honeywell is a longtime State judge, last appointed by former Republican Governor Jeb Bush. She was one of three district court nominees reported by the Judiciary Committee on October 1 without dissent. Yet Senate consideration has been delayed for 5 weeks.  After a 3-week wait, the Senate was allowed to consider the nomination of Roberto Lange, who was confirmed by the Senate 100 to 0--unanimously--to serve on the U.S. District Court for the District of South Dakota after 2 hours of floor debate during which no Senator spoke in opposition. After a 4-week wait, the Senate was allowed to consider the nomination of Irene Cornelia Berger, who was confirmed by a vote of 97 to 0 to serve on the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia after an hour of floor debate during which no Senator spoke in opposition. After more than 5 weeks, the Senate today finally considers the nomination of Judge Honeywell, and I expect a similar result.  At the conclusion of the hearing to consider these nominations, Senator Sessions, the committee's ranking member, said:       It's a great honor that you've been given to be nominated      and I expect things should go forward in a timely manner. I      don't believe that any of you need to be held up based on      what I know at this time. So, we'd like to see you get your      vote as soon as reasonably possible.  I have been disappointed by Republican delays in bringing these well-qualified, noncontroversial nominees to a vote in the full Senate.  Judge Honeywell first served as a State court judge in 1994, and in 2001 was appointed by Gov. Jeb Bush to serve as a State circuit court judge. Her legal career also includes working in private practice, serving as an assistant city attorney and as an assistant public defender. She was unanimously rated ``well-qualified'' by the American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary, the committee's highest rating. She received the bipartisan support of Florida Senators Bill Nelson and Mel Martinez.  The Senate must restore its tradition of regularly considering qualified, noncontroversial nominees to fill vacancies on the Federal bench without needless and harmful delays. This is a tradition followed with Republican Presidents and Democratic Presidents.  I congratulate Judge Honeywell and her family on her confirmation today.  