President, as the Chair knows, I have long been a supporter of improving the quality of drinking water in rural America. There is a lot of work to be done. While small rural communities are home to fewer than 20 percent of America's population, they account for more than 85 percent of the Nation's community water systems, and are more likely than larger systems to report major drinking water violations. According to EPA data, 93 percent of the maximum contaminant level, MCL, and treatment technique, TT, violations reported in 2002 affected community water systems serving fewer than 10,000 people. MCL and TT violations include higher than allowable levels of organic and inorganic contaminants such as arsenic, benzene, atrazine, lead, copper and nitrate.  One significant reason for these high numbers is the lack of capacity among local elected officials to deal with the complexities of maintaining a safe and clean supply of drinking water. For this reason I have supported funding for RCAPs--six regional nonprofit organizations that help rural communities with facilities needs.  The technical assistance and training activities the RCAPs provide focus on helping communities comply with the Clean Water Act and the Safe Drinking Water Act. Last year alone, the RCAPs assisted more than 2,000 communities, leveraged over $200,000,000 in funding, conducted 78 training sessions for almost 2,000 community water officials, and assisted nearly 3 million people to access safe and clean water. Most of the communities the RCAPs work with have populations of less than 1,500.  Funding for the RCAPs has been included in this bill for more than 20 years. I understand that the committee was limited by rules regarding earmarks, and I note that funding for the RCAPs is not included in the fiscal year 2010 Senate bill. However, I understand that the House bill includes funding for the RCAPs at the current rate and it my hope that in conference the Senate will move toward the House position on this.  