President, today the Senate considers another of President Obama's highly-qualified nominees for an important post in the executive branch. Earlier today, the Judiciary Committee reported favorably the nomination of Ron Weich to be Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legislative Affairs at the Department of Justice. I had hoped that we could expedite this nomination before the recess so that Mr. Weich could begin doing his job for the American people, but lack of cooperation from the Republican side prevented us from confirming the nomination then. I am pleased that with cooperation today, we will confirm Mr. Weich.  In more than a decade on Capitol Hill, Ron Weich has advised three Senators: Senator Specter, Senator Kennedy, and now Majority Leader Reid, who introduced Mr. Weich at his hearing 3 weeks ago and strongly recommended his confirmation.  At his hearing, I put into the record a letter from Senator Kennedy describing Mr. Weich as a ``lawyer of exceptional intelligence, skill, and sound judgment'' and praising his ``remarkable ability . . . to work extremely well with Members and staff on both sides of the aisle and to guide us toward creative solutions to seemingly intractable problems.'' Many of Mr. Weich's former Republican colleagues wrote to this committee to attest to the fact that he is highly regarded among both Republican and Democratic staff, and they spoke of his ``respect for opposing views'' and his ``constructive approach to difficult legal issues.'' They described him as ``honorable and trustworthy.'' And of course, Mr. Weich is equally well-respected outside of this chamber. A letter from the Fraternal Order of Police highlights his ``long and sterling career as a public safety policymaker'' and notes that he is ``a passionate champion for justice.''  In addition, Mr. Weich has a distinguished record of public service as an assistant district attorney in Manhattan, and as a special counsel to the United States Sentencing Commission. He is an experienced Senate hand who has earned the respect of Senators on both sides of the aisle. We know him well as a former member of the staff of the Judiciary Committee. I am confident he will be a welcome addition to the leadership at the Justice Department, and will make the Department more responsive to congressional concerns than we have seen over the last several years.  I congratulate Mr. Weich and his family on his confirmation today and look forward to working with him in his new capacity at the Justice Department.  