 Madam President, I held a hearing at which Miss Lilly Ledbetter testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee. It was one of the most moving hearings we have had. The fact that a very activist, very Republican Supreme Court had basically written new law to deny her rights was shocking to everybody before that committee.  I believe we have to pass the bipartisan Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act so employers are not rewarded for deceiving workers about their illegal conduct and maybe signal to the Supreme Court to stop legislating, and stop being an activist Court, but to uphold the law as we write it.  One of the Justice Department's roles in our Federal system of government is to protect the civil rights of all Americans, including those that protect them against discrimination.  The Bush administration's erosion of longstanding interpretation of our antidiscrimination laws has created a new obstacle for victims of pay discrimination to receive justice. That was a mistake when it was advanced by the Bush-Gonzales et al. Justice Department. It was a mistake when five Justices on the Supreme Court adopted the Justice Department's erroneous interpretation of congressional intent. It culminated in an erroneous opinion written by Justice Alito.  I understand the Members on the other side of the aisle introduced partisan amendments to the legislation. They have that right. But it is my belief that the amendments should be opposed for one simple reason: they are going to allow illegal pay discrimination to continue.  We are going to hear that this might encourage workers who are being paid less as a result of discrimination to delay filing for equal pay. That argument defies logic. Anyone who heard Ms. Ledbetter's testimony before either the Senate Judiciary Committee or the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee knows that she, like other victims of pay discrimination, had no incentive to delay filing suit. But employers, based on the erroneous interpretation by the Supreme Court, the activist interpretation by the Supreme Court, now have a great incentive to delay revealing their discriminatory conduct: blanket immunity.  The reality is, many employers do not allow their employees to learn how their compensation compares to their coworkers'. They can hide it and hide it and hide it until these women finally retire, pray that they never find out how they were discriminated against, and then say when they are found out: Oh, my goodness gracious, you should have filed suit earlier. The fact that we had it all locked up and you couldn't possibly have known you were being discriminated against is your fault. These victims have the burden of proving the discrimination occurred and that evidentiary task is only made more difficult as time goes on.  It seems it is always the woman employee's fault. That is wrong. Workers like Ms. Ledbetter and her family are the ones hurt by the ongoing diminished paychecks, not their employers.  The bipartisan Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 does not disturb the protections built into existing law for employers, such as limiting backpay in most cases to 2 years. It does not eliminate the existing statute of limitations. Instead, it reinstates the interpretation of when the 180-day time limit begins to run, an interpretation that was run over roughshod by the Bush administration at its urging by their appointees on the Supreme Court. The bill corrects this injustice to allow workers who are continuing to be short-changed to challenge that on-going discrimination when the employer conceals its initial discriminatory pay decision.  Opponents of the bipartisan Ledbetter Fair Pay Act may raise other excuses. They will no doubtclaim that somehow trial lawyers will benefit, but the reality is the Supreme Court in the Ledbetter decision could actually lead to more litigation because people will feel they have to file premature claims so that time does not run out.  The Congressional Budget Office has concluded that this legislation ``would not establish a new cause of action for claims of pay discrimination'' and ``would not significantly affect the number of filings with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission'' or with the Federal courts.  Congress passed title VII of the Civil Rights Act to protect employees against discrimination with respect to compensation because of an individual's race, color, religion, sex or national origin but the Supreme Court's Ledbetter decision goes against both the spirit and clear intent of our antidiscrimination laws.  It also sends the message to employers that wage discrimination cannot be punished as long as it is kept under wraps.  At a time when one-third of private sector employers have rules prohibiting employees from discussing their pay with each other, the Court's decision ignores a reality of the workplace--pay discrimination is often intentionally concealed.  The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act is the only bill that gives workers the time to consider how they have been treated and the time to work out solutions with their employers. Our bipartisan bill fulfills Congress's goal of creating incentives for employers voluntarily to correct any disparities in pay that they find. Most importantly, our bipartisan bill ensures that employers do not benefit from continued discrimination.  I will not support amendments that weaken this bipartisan bill. I support the ability of all employees to receive equal pay for equal work.  The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act is the only bill that gives workers the time to consider how they have been treated and the time to work out a solution with their employers. Our bipartisan bill fulfills Congress' goal of creating incentives for employers voluntarily to correct any disparities in pay they find. I am not going to support amendments that weaken this bipartisan bill. I support the ability of all employees to receive equal pay for equal work. It comports completely with what we learned in the Judiciary Committee.  I applaud the Senator from Maryland. I applaud her cosponsors. I am proud to be one of them.  