President, the Senate Intelligence Committee is a great committee. I served on that committee. I wanted to have a chance to have a dialog here with the Senator from Kentucky, the leader on the Republican side. He continues to overlook the obvious. The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act bill is the product of two committees--not one but two.  He says, well, he likes the Intelligence Committee version, and certainly it was a version that passed with an overwhelming bipartisan vote. But the fact is that the Senate Judiciary Committee also passed their version of the bill relating to specific elements that are equally important to the Intelligence Committee work, and what Senator Reid, on the Democratic side, has tried to do is to give us a chance on the floor to vote on some of the key issues raised by the Senate Judiciary Committee.  In fact, we reached an agreement on how we were going to do it. It took us a week or more to craft a unanimous consent request to lay out the specific amendments we were going to, with understandings about how much time would be devoted to each and what the vote would be. I can tell you, I was involved in some preliminary parts of it, Senator Reid stuck with it to the bitter end, and we did reach an agreement.  So what is stopping us? What is stopping us, for reasons I can't explain, is that the Republican side, which refused to yield for a question, wants to blame us for slowing down a bill which they are stopping us from calling.  That is what it boils down to, in the simplest terms. They want to blame the Democratic majority for not passing FISA. Yet they refuse to allow us to bring it to the floor and consider the amendment so that we can have a vote and bring it to final passage, take it to conference, and send it to the President. They cannot have it both ways. They cannot blame us for holding up a bill that they are holding up.  Secondly, let me say a word about the stimulus package. I would like the Republican leader, who tantalizes us with bits of information when he comes to the floor, to really spell it out. What is it in the Senate Finance Committee bill, this bipartisan bill, this Baucus-Grassley bill, what is it they object to? The so-called Christmas tree argument, the goodies, the pet projects? Let's be very specific about it.  Do the Republicans, the Senator from Kentucky and others, object to providing an additional few weeks of unemployment insurance for those who are out of work? If that is the case, say it. Do the Republicans object to the idea that we are going to try to deal with the housing crisis in America and put some provisions in to deal with that in an honest way? If so, say it. Do they object to Senator Cantwell of Washington who is pushing for energy tax credits--an innovative, constructive part of our economy--that will help businesses get started creating jobs and keep America in the forefront of this research? If the Republicans object, say it. They are walking and dancing around, and they just will not come forward and say it.  We think the Baucus-Grassley bill, a bipartisan bill, is a good bill. We want to vote on that bill. We want the Republicans to go on record.  If they believe the homebuilders across America do not deserve some sort of tax benefits in one of the roughest times they have had to face in modern memory, then, for goodness' sake, be on the record and say it. But they come to the floor and tell us: Maybe we do not need a stimulus package. They argue that unemployment benefits aggravate unemployment. They do all of those backward arguments. It is no wonder that Senator Reid continues to reference George Orwell; it really is impossible to follow their logic on the floor. But I think the American people know the outcome. The outcome is that we will do little or nothing today because the Republicans insist that little or nothing be done today, and then tomorrow they will come to the floor, and they will complain that nothing was done today.  