President, April 24 is Take Your Daughters and Sons to Work Day, which is a great opportunity for people who are in a position to do so to give their kids a better idea of what they do for a living. In my office, we had a short social time this morning to allow the children of staff members to gather and talk about their experience. Participation in Take Your Daughters and Sons to Work Day can be fun for the parents and the children. But at its heart, this day is a part of a broad effort to reach pay equity for women.  On Tuesday, we marked Equal Pay Day, the point in 2008 when the average woman's wages finally catch up with what the average man earned in 2007. The numbers are sobering.  Equal pay has been the law since 1963. But today, 45 years later, women are still paid less than men--even when women have similar education, skills, and experience. While women's wages have risen in all States, in inflation-adjusted dollars, since 1989, the typical full-time woman worker does not make as much as the typical man in any State. At the present rate of progress, it will take 50 years to close the wage gap nationwide.  In 2007, women were paid 77 cents for every dollar men received. That is $23 less for every $100 worth of work women do--$23 less to spend on groceries, housing, child care, and other expenses. Nationwide, working families lose $200 billion of income annually to the wage gap.  Over a lifetime of work, the 23 cents on the dollar women are losing adds up. The average 25-year-old working woman will lose more than $523,000 to unequal pay during her working life. These figures are even worse for women of color. And because women are paid less now, they have less money to set aside for retirement, and they will earn lower pensions than men.  Part of the motivation behind Take Your Daughters and Sons to Work Day is to expose children of both genders to professional fields that historically have been dominated by men. This day is one of many initiatives developed to encourage girls and young women in their education and professional journeys. Professional and student organizations, such as the Society of Women Engineers, offer a support network for those young women who are making their mark in professions that historically have not seen many women.  Take Your Daughters and Sons to Work Day can help both girls and boys see the career opportunities that may be open to them if they stay in school, set goals, and study. I commend the employers and employees who are able to participate today. I would also like to congratulate and encourage the children who are sizing up options for their future careers. Let us keep in mind today that we need to keep working to enable every child to achieve his or her full potential, and we need to ensure that women are fully and fairly compensated for all the work they do.  