This is a bipartisan amendment. We urge our colleagues: Take a close look at this. At the end of the day, if we pass this FAA modernization bill and force more airlines into bankruptcy because of this provision, is that our goal?  We have lost so many airlines already, and now a major airline, such as American Airlines, which avoided bankruptcy and managed to keep its promise to its employees and retirees, and has provided significant funding for its pension, is going to be penalized by this bill.  Ask the people whose pensions are affected, those members of unions who are supporting our efforts to stop this change in the law. I cannot understand the motivation behind this change.  When this was originally considered a few years back, there was another group in charge in Congress and a chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee who singled out several airlines that were not facing bankruptcy and created a disadvantage for them. We tried to remedy it last year, and we got a temporary fix in there. And here they come again: this group that wants to keep changing this law, penalizing these airlines--at absolutely the worst possible moment. Wouldn't it be ironic if this were passed and the airlines that worked the hardest to avoid bankruptcy, the airlines that worked the hardest to keep the defined benefit plans--absolutely the gold standard when it comes to retirement--wouldn't it be ironic if the language of this bill ended up capsizing these airlines at this precarious moment in our economic history.  I am going to urge my colleagues: Take a close look at this. Ask yourselves: If the beneficiaries of these retirement plans oppose this change, if the airlines oppose this change, if there is no argument to be made as to why you would treat these airlines differently than those that have faced massive changes in their pension plans, why in the world would we want to pass this amendment?  At the end of the day, I want to make sure we have FAA modernization. But I also want to make sure there are airlines still serving America in every corner of America so our people have a chance to travel for business, for leisure, whatever it might be.  I urge my colleagues: Please take a close look at this. I hope they will consider supporting the Durbin-Hutchison amendment when it is offered tomorrow morning. It will be the first item of business. I hope we can entertain a debate and move to its consideration at an early time.  There is no reason to delay this. The sooner we remove this cloud from these airlines that have worked so hard to stay in business and avoid bankruptcy the better.  I yield the floor.  