 Madam President, we have a deficit. It is terrible. It is a debt which is growing. It is a mortgage on America. Our children are going to be saddled with it. The mortgagor, the bank for America's debt? China, Korea, Japan, the OPEC nations; they are holding our mortgage. Many of us believe this isn't fair to our children and grandchildren to continue to pile on the debt. We came up with a very simple approach. If you want to spend money, you have to pay for it. You either have to raise taxes or cut other spending. If you want to cut taxes, you have to have some balance; in other words, cut spending or raise another tax. When it is all over, we want a zero sum so it doesn't add to the national debt.  I don't think that is unreasonable because it means we have to make choices. Here is the choice we faced in the last 2 days. We have a thriving industry in America for renewable energy. I can't believe what is going on in my State of Illinois. I go into parts of downstate Illinois and see farm after farm covered with wind turbines. Outside of Bloomington, IL, is the Twin Groves project, 240 wind turbines generating enough electricity for cities in Bloomington normal--no pollution, farmers love it because they get paid for the wind turbines on their land, and they can plant the corn and soybeans right up next to it. So it is a win-win situation, and it is there because we had a provision in the Tax Code which created an incentive to invest in wind power, solar power, geothermal, the clean energy solutions that will generate electricity without causing more global warming.  We brought it to the floor. We said to our colleagues: We need to renew this. It is about to expire. If we don't renew it, these businesses may not reinvest. But giving a tax break takes money out of the Treasury, so we want to balance the books. To balance the books, we suggested raising a business tax to offset the cut in taxes for renewable energy, balance the books. The Republican side, the party of so-called fiscal conservatism, rejected this. As my friend from Utah said, they don't believe we should have to pay for tax cuts.  Well, tax cuts, unfortunately, take money out of the Treasury and add to the deficit. We think balancing the books is the only way to get this deficit under control. So when the vote came--there are nominally 51 Democrats, 49 Republicans--there were a few absences on both sides, but we were able to attract 5 Republicans who would join us for the renewable energy tax credits.  The others said: There is no way. Forty-one of the forty-nine Republican Senators have signed a letter which I call ``death before taxes.'' It is a letter which says they will never--ever, ever, ever--vote to increase a tax, never. That kind of paints you into a corner. Because if you are not willing to increase a tax on someone to cut a tax on someone else, you are stuck with a Tax Code that never changes, or you are stuck with a deficit which continues to get worse and worse as you try to make the Tax Code a generator of economic growth.  The Republicans, for the last several weeks, have been on the floor talking about America's energy picture. They should. We have talked about it a lot on our side of the aisle. Their solution is a solution which is old-time religion: Drill, drill offshore, drill onshore, drill everywhere. If we drill and find more oil, we will be fine.  They ignore the reality. The reality is, if you look at the entire potential supply of oil in the world, the United States has access and control of 3 percent of the world's oil. Each year our economy consumes 25 percent. So let's do the math. If you drilled all the oil available in the U.S. offshore/onshore, how long could we sustain our economy just by drilling? The answer is, we couldn't. It can't be done.  What is the alternative? You can import oil, which we are doing now, 70 to 80 percent of the oil we use is brought in from overseas, from other countries, or you can find another approach--responsible exploration and production in America that doesn't violate basic environmental regulations, doesn't run the risk of contaminating or polluting offshore, and then a forward-looking approach to energy, an approach which looks for renewable, sustainable sources of energy for the future, that deals with the possibility that we will replace current electric power generation with pollution-free generation from wind turbines and solar power,moving toward a new generation of cars and trucks.  A few years ago, about 4 or 5 years now, I offered an amendment on the floor to improve CAFE standards. We had not increased fuel efficiency in cars for over 20 years. We were stuck with an old number. We were falling backward. People bought heavier trucks and SUVs, and they were not as fuel efficient. So I said: Let's have a new goal, moving toward more fuel-efficient cars. Let's have a challenge to our industry and to our science to find these new cars for the future, safe cars, cars that use less fuel and meet our needs. I got beaten badly on the floor when I offered that, but gasoline wasn't $4.50 a gallon then. I lost that attempt twice in a row. The votes weren't that good. I am not sure I even had 30 votes out of 100 for the idea of fuel efficiency. But someone once said: There is nothing more pregnant than an idea whose time has come, and with gasoline at $4 a gallon, the idea's time has come. We passed a law to require more fuel efficiency in years to come. So we are moving in the right direction there. That is the future for us. The future for us is to find ways to conserve, find ways to be more fuel efficient, find ways to generate more renewable energy that doesn't pollute the environment.  Today's vote was a disappointing vote. We tried to create incentives for renewable energy, and only 5 Republicans out of 49 would come and vote with us. Four of the five are up for reelection, some of them facing tough contests in November. They know it is hard to explain voting against this bill. They voted against our bill, which would have created incentives for biomass and hydropower, incentives for solar energy and microturbines, biodiesel production, renewable projects, coal electricity, advanced coal electricity demonstration projects, plug-in electric cars, new batteries that we will need for plug-in hybrids, ways to reduce pollution from trucks with idling reduction units, installing more E-85 fuel pumps around America so consumers have a choice to use a cheaper and more environmentally friendly fuel, home credits, building credits. All of these were incentives to move America in the right direction, not the wrong direction, and only 5 of the 49 Republicans would vote for that.  Their goal is more drilling. Their agenda is written by the oil companies. The oil companies have consistently asked for more and more and more that they can put in their portfolio of possible areas to drill. However, currently there are 68 million acres of federally owned land under lease to the oil companies that they are not using, they are not exploring. They are not bringing oil and gas out. They have ample opportunity in that area and others to meet the needs of future exploration. They are not doing it. Yet from the Republican side of the aisle, we hear they need more.  This sign shows that the Republicans have engaged in 91 filibusters in this session. For most people who are following this debate that number may not mean much. In the history of the Senate, the largest number of filibusters in any 2-year period of time was 57 before this session. What is a filibuster? It is an attempt to slow down or stop the Senate from acting. Ninety-one times the Republicans have tried to slow down or stop the Senate from acting. Today they did it again. They stopped us when we tried to pass this energy policy for America that creates incentives for renewable energy.  That isn't all that was in this bill. It wasn't just about energy alone. In this bill was protection for working families from the alternative minimum tax, creating more tax liability for them in next year's return. That is a good bill as far as I am concerned. We should be protecting working families who are struggling to get by.  In this bill as well was $8 million for the highway trust fund. We are afraid this highway trust fund will run out of money before the end of the year and 400,000 good-paid workers would lose their jobs in America. I don't want to see that happen in my State; I don't think any Senator does. We tried to protect our economy from that happening in this bill.  There was a provision, totally unrelated--and critics of Congress say: Why do you do things like this? Why would you put that provision in a bill about energy and jobs? But I will tell you, I would put that provision I am about to describe in any bill. It is called mental health parity. This bill would require private insurance companies to provide opportunities for people to buy health insurance to cover mental illness. We have been fighting for this for as long as I have been in the Senate. The fight was started by Paul Wellstone of Minnesota. What a great man he was. We lost him when he died in a plane crash 6 years ago, and we have tried to pass this bill ever since. I think we should put that amendment on every bill. There are so many American families who are affected by mental illness. We put that before the Senate today and only five Republicans would vote for that. I don't understand their thinking. Many have said they really believe in it, but they wouldn't vote for it. That is where we are.  So their filibuster ended up stopping a bill from moving forward, as it did earlier this week. Earlier this week, another Republican filibuster stopped a bill which had 34 or 35 provisions in it to deal with a number of different issues. Some of them were health related: a registry for those suffering from Lou Gehrig's disease so we can do better research in finding a cure; efforts for additional research in rehabilitation activities at the National Institutes of Health for those suffering from paralysis; a stroke treatment bill, a bipartisan bill--all of these bills, incidentally, have passed the House of Representatives overwhelmingly. The Melanie Blocker Stokes MOTHERS Act--one I am familiar with--dealing with postpartum depression to try to make sure new mothers who are suffering from that depression get the treatment they need. Vision care for kids so that we help the States pay for more visual screening so kids don't fall behind in the classroom simply because they need eyeglasses.  Then we had a number of bills out of our Senate Judiciary Committee: a bill to reauthorize a program to find runaway and homeless kids. The Emmitt Till unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act, Senator Dodd and I and others have cosponsored this one. Those responsible for killing civil rights workers, no matter how long ago, should be held accountable, and this bill would have moved us in that direction--a bill to deal with mental illness and crime, unfortunately, closely linked, and we should be doing something about it; bills dealing with reducing Internet child pornography.  All of the things I have just mentioned--health care and crime related--were in a package of bills which the Republicans refused to support. I don't get it. I don't understand it. I don't know how you could go home and explain to the people you represent that you voted against these bills. Obviously, they think it is easy to do, and maybe it is for them. It wouldn't be for me. In the State of Illinois, there are too many people affected by these bills.  The Republicans consistently--with their filibusters and holding back their votes--have stopped us from doing the people's work. I understand when people think of Congress across America, it is not in positive terms. They want us to do more. They want us to respond to the issues of the day, the things that make a difference. Whether we are dealing with medical issues, of research; whether we are dealing with law enforcement; whether we are dealing with the energy picture--these are things on which we should be voting to move forward. However, time and time and time again, the Republicans, through their filibusters, have stopped us in the Senate. That is what happens in a 51-to-49 Senate where it takes 60 votes to do anything significant. They have control of the agenda--at least control enough to say no--and they have said no repeatedly on 91 different occasions with their filibusters, breaking all the records in the Senate.  I wish to get back to this energy policy. I don't want us to go home without addressing it, but I am afraid the Republicans have closed the door not just yesterday but again today. Earlier, the leader on the Democratic side, Senator Harry Reid, read from this morning's New York Times, July 30, an article by Tom Friedman entitled ``Drilling in Afghanistan.'' What Tom Friedman said about the Republican strategy on energy, I think, really hits the nail on the head. I quote from this article:       Republicans become so obsessed with the notion that we can      drill our way out of the     current energy crisis that reopening our coastal waters to      offshore drilling has become their answer for every energy      question. Anyone who looks at the growth of middle classes      around the world and the rising demand for natural resources,      plus the dangers of climate change driven by our addiction to      fossil fuel, can see that clean, renewable energy--wind,      solar, nuclear, and stuff we haven't yet invented--is going      to be the next great global industry. It has to be if we are      going to grow in a stable way--  Thomas Friedman writes.       Therefore, the country that most owns the clean power      industry is going to most own the next great technology      breakthrough: The ET revolution--the energy technology      revolution--and create millions of jobs and thousands of      new businesses just like the IT revolution did.      Republicans, by mindlessly repeating their offshore      drilling mantra, focusing on a 19th century fuel, remind      me of someone back in 1980 arguing that we should be      putting all our money into making more and cheaper IBM      Selectric typewriters and forget about those things called      the PC and the Internet. It is a strategy for making      America a second great power and economy.  So when it comes to paying for what we do on the floor of the Senate, the Republicans vote no. When it comes to an American energy policy that is forward looking, sadly, the Republicans vote no. When it comes to medical research in critical areas, this week the Republicans voted no. When it comes to crime provisions to deal with runaway kids and to deal with Internet pornography and children, this week the Republicans voted no.  There comes a point where you have to stand for something. We have tried our best to bring these issues before the Senate. We will continue to.  The last point I will make is this: There is one thing--one thing--the President can do tomorrow morning that can change the debate on energy in America instantly, and that is an announcement. There is an announcement he could make that the United States--which has a Strategic Petroleum Reserve of 700 million barrels of oil that has been gathered and protected for our national security--is now going to be part of our energy solution. If President Bush announced that he would start releasing oil from that reserve, selling it on the market, with the goal of bringing the price of a barrel of oil down to $100 from its current level of about $122, it would do more to breathe life into the American economy than any other thing. It would say: The United States can stop being a victim when it comes to energy and can become a player on the global market. It would send the signal that we are not going to tolerate $145-a-barrel oil and the prices it generates at the gasoline pump and when it comes to jet fuel for our airlines. If the President showed leadership in releasing oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve--if he called in the oil companies and put them on the carpet for the outrageous profits that they continue to report--we could turn this around.  Simply suggesting that we have to drill more offshore in the hopes that 8 to 14 years from now there will be additional oil is not going to solve our energy problem. It is yesterday's answer. As Senator Dorgan from North Dakota has said so frequently: When the Republicans think of energy, it is yesterday for everything.  Let's think about tomorrow. Let's have an energy policy that looks forward.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  