President, this vote that was cast is something America should not miss. This was about an energy program for America, and it was defeated. It was defeated because only four Republicans--maybe five--managed to cross the aisle and help us.This is 2 days running that the Republicans--who have given us speech after speech about why we need an energy policy--have voted no. That is all they do: vote no.  What did this proposal include? It included energy tax credits desperately needed by America. This morning, Senator Stabenow gathered together Governors, leaders in business and leaders in labor and they all told us the same thing: Pass the energy tax credits, and pass it now. Jobs are at stake across America.  I had a major company in Chicago that came in--the CEO came in to see Senator Reid and myself last week--facing bankruptcy because we cannot pass this bill. Why? Because the Tax Code was written year to year, creating incentives for investment in wind power. That is the power that does not pollute but creates electricity. Wind turbines all over my State and all over the country are doing the right thing for our future. They will not continue without these tax credits, and the Republicans consistently vote no. And then--hang on--after lunch they will be on the floor saying we desperately need an energy policy.  Where were they when we needed them? That was not the only thing in this bill. This bill also put $8 billion in the highway trust fund that has gone broke. Across America, we are losing jobs, at a time when we need good-paying jobs right here at home, because Republicans refuse to do this. They will not vote for it.  There was another provision or two in there equally important, but I wish to focus on those two. Let me explain to you why they would not vote for it. They would not vote for it because on the Democratic side we insisted that if you are going to have tax credits given, we pay for them so that, ultimately, it does not add to our national deficit.  This President inherited a surplus from President Clinton and has now taken the gold, the silver, and the bronze medals for the biggest deficits--top three deficits--in the history of the United States in his 8 years. We are saying this has to end. We cannot broker America's future for our children. So we want to pay for these tax credits. We do it in a way that even the business community says: That is reasonable. We can live with it. But not the Republicans. Only four or five will cross the aisle to help us.  A minute ago, I met in my office with the CEO of American Airlines, Gerard Arpey. This poor man is struggling to keep one of the major airlines in America out of bankruptcy. He is cutting back on schedule, reducing the number of employees because, unfortunately, when oil is $125, $135 a barrel, the cost of jet fuel is bankrupting his airline. He is begging me--begging me--the United States and the Congress to show some leadership.  Now, what can we do? First, we can get some Republicans to join us for this energy policy. If they want to produce more energy in America, have them vote for it, not give more speeches with their ``produce more, use less'' slogans on the floor. Produce some votes for us. A few less speeches and a few more votes and we would have an energy policy. That is the reality.  There is something that can be done immediately, though, and it is something this President can do and does not need to wait on Congress, and he ought to do it today. President Bush should announce he is going to start selling off oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to bring the price of a barrel of oil down to $100 a barrel. That is our target price for America. That will turn this economy on. That will give the airlines a chance. That will put the truckers back to work. That will give the farmers a break.  The President can do it without any congressional approval. His father did it. It is not a radical idea. Seven hundred million barrels of oil--if the President released and sold 10 percent of that, saying: My goal is to get to $100 a barrel, that oil on the market would start the price coming down.  All this discussion on the Republican side and from the President about drilling--if we decided today to start drilling certain acreage, you would not see the first drop of oil for 8 to 14 years. You would have to wait 8 to 14 hours for the President's announcement about releasing oil from SPR to see an impact on the market.  It is time for Presidential leadership. The fact that the President comes out of the oil industry and the Vice President does as well, they understand it. And the oil industry has never done better.  Now it is time for the President to show leadership. He can do it. We should call on him in Congress, on a bipartisan basis: Release this oil from the SPR, bring down the price of a barrel of oil, give American families a fighting chance when they go to the gas station, and give these companies a chance to create more good-paying jobs in America. That is what is at stake.  