We feel sadness over the loss of Officer J.J. Chestnut and Detective John Gibson who died 10 years ago today on their posts doing jobs they loved in this great American building. We also feel a deep sense of gratitude to Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson for their service and sacrifice and to the men and women of the U.S. Capitol Police Department who continue to stand guard every day to protect this Capitol and all who work and visit here. Because of their dedication and professionalism, the doors of the people's House have remained open, as they should be, and our Nation owes them a debt of gratitude.  Officer Jacob Joseph Chestnut--``J.J.'' to all his friends--and Detective John Michael Gibson were good men, good police officers, husbands and fathers, who both gave 18 years of distinguished service to the U.S. Capitol Police department.  For J.J. Chestnut, this was a second career, after 20 years in the Air Force, including two tours in Vietnam.  He greeted everyone--Congress Members and visitors--with the same warm smile. He treated everyone with dignity. After he died, we learned that he used to take clothes to a political activist, whom many called ``homeless,'' who kept a daily vigil near the door where Officer Chestnut was posted--just feet from where he died. He loved his work, his friends, his vegetable garden--and most of all, his family.  John Gibson was a transplanted New Englander who loved hockey, the Boston Bruins, the Red Sox and, most of all, his wife and their three teenage children.  They died at their posts in the Capitol, at the hands of a deranged man with a gun and a history of serious mental illness.  They lie today with other American heroes in Arlington National Cemetery.  Their deaths have left an indelible mark on those of us who work in this great symbol of our democracy.  Just now, as we observed a moment of silence in this chamber, the Speaker of the House and the majority and minority leaders of both the House and Senate--Democrats and Republicans--observed a moment of silence at the Memorial Door of the Capitol.  The leaders will lay a wreath at the bronze plaque that bears the names and likenesses of Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson.  Then, together, they will walk outside and help plant a tree on the grounds of the U.S. Capitol to honor these two fallen heroes. It is a Valley Forge American Elm--a strong, sturdy, quintessentially American tree. In the years to come, it will grow tall and shelter visitors from the sun, just as J.J. Chestnut and John Gibson sheltered visitors from harm.  In addition to their plaque and their new tree, there are other, more personal reminders of Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson in this Capitol.  When John Gibson died, a woman who had taught both of his son's in grade school wrote the boys a letter in which she said their father had died a brave man and his legacy would always be a part of them. Jack and Danny were teenagers then.  Today, Danny Gibson works for the Senate Sergeant at Arms.  Officer Jack Gibson is 2-year veteran of the U.S. Capitol Police Department.  Officer Chestnut's son-in-law, Officer Jason Culpepper, is also a U.S. Capitol Police officer.  That says a great deal about the dedication of these two families to public service and safety.  To these fine men--to Wendy Chestnut and Lyn Gibson, and all of the Chestnut and Gibson children and family members, and to their friends and colleagues--we offer our condolencesand respect on this sad 10-year milestone.  Madam President, so Members may join in the planting of the tree on the Capitol grounds, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  