President, in the opening pages of his acclaimed biography, ``Master of the Senate,'' Robert Caro describes Lyndon Johnson in his prime, as majority leader. He recalls how LBJ would come barreling through those swinging double doors in the Democratic cloakroom and stride out onto this floor--all 6-feet 4-inches of him--looking for that last vote he needed to carry his cause. He was, Caro said, like a force of nature.  As the Democratic whip, I have the privilege of occupying an office in this building that LBJ used when he was majority leader of the Senate. This afternoon, I had the privilege of meeting in that office with a longtime assistant of LBJ's, Ashton Gonella.  Mrs. Gonella regaled my staff and about how the office was arranged then, and what it was like to work for Lyndon Johnson.  She said that her desk was located in an outer office, just outside LBJ's office. At 5 o'clock each evening is when the real negotiating began, she said.  Part of her job was to spot a Senator as he walked down the hall, headed for an appointment with LBJ, and have that Senator's favorite drink mixed and ready for him by the time he reached her desk. The Senator would then walk in to see the majority leader and together, they would see if they couldn't find some way to reach an honorable compromise on the issue at hand.  Those were different days in the Senate. If you come to my office today, the strongest drink you are likely to be offered is a cup of coffee or a soda.  I tell that story about LBJ partly to illustrate a point: When it comes to negotiating compromises and finding that lost vote needed to pass a bill, few Senators in the history of this institution have ever come close to Lyndon Johnson.  Stiff drinks were only one of the many means he employed.  There is a famous series of photographs taken by a New York Times photographer. It shows LBJ as majority leader, trying to persuade Senator Theodore Francis Green of Rhode Island to see things LBJ's way. The photos depict what journalists used to call ``the full Johnson treatment.''  That experience was probably best described by the journalists Bob Novak and Rowland Evans in their book, ``Lyndon Johnson: The Exercise of Power.'' As they put it:       The Treatment could last 10 minutes or four hours . . . Its      tone could be supplication, accusation, cajolery, exuberance,      scorn, tears, complaint, the hint of threat. It was all of      these together. It ran the gamut of human emotions. Its      velocity was breathtaking, and it was all in one direction .      . . He moved in close, his face a scant millimeter from his      target . . . his eyes widening and narrowing, his eyebrows      rising and falling. From his pockets poured clippings, memos,      statistics. Mimicry, humor and the genius of analogy made the      Treatment an almost hypnotic experience and rendered the      target stunned and helpless.  Almost always, the ``treatment'' succeeded.  He was a master of political power and persuasion. He knew how to accumulate power. More importantly, he knew how to use his political power to make government work. He believed that one of the purposes of government was to try to make America better and more just.  When he was 21 years old, Lyndon Johnson had an experience that had a profound and lasting effect on him. He was studying at Southwest Texas State Teachers College and he took a year off to teach poor Latino children in the little town of Cotulla, TX, near the Mexican border.  Nearly 40 years later, President Johnson spoke of those children and the impact they had on him. Proposing the Voting Rights Act to a joint session of Congress, then-President Johnson said, ``Somehow, you never forget what poverty and hatred can do when you see its scars on the hopeful face of a young child.''  He added:       I never thought then, in 1928, that I would be standing      here in 1965. It never even occurred to me in my fondest      dreams that I might have the chance to help the sons and      daughters of those students and to help people like them all      over this country. But now I have that chance--and I'll let      you in on a secret--I mean to use it.  When he was told that his support for the Voting Rights Act might cause problems for his Administration, LBJ reportedly replied: Well, what the heck's the presidency for? Only he used a different word than ``heck.''  As a Senator and as President, Lyndon Baines Johnson used what power he had to help give our Nation some of the most important legislation of the second-half of the 20th century--including the Civil Rights Act of 1957--the first civil rights bill in nearly a century--the landmark Civil Rights Act of 1965, the Voting Rights Act, the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, the Fair Housing Act--the list goes on and on.  He was not perfect, by any means. But he helped move America forward in many important ways.  Another phrase that Lyndon Johnson used often was a passage from the Book of Isaiah. It has been a favorite passage of his father's. ``Come, let us reason together.''  He believed that in a democracy, people could usually find an honorable compromise if they would just talk to each other and ``reason together.''  In this year of the centennial of his birth, our Nation would be well served if we would all take that lesson to heart.  