This is not a Democratic or Republican victory. This is a major victory for all Americans.  The Americans with Disabilities Act is one of the major civil rights laws in our nation's history, but recent court decisions have narrowed its scope and mistakenly excluded many people who should be protected.  The Supreme Court has created a cruel catch-22: If you can manage your disability you might not be protected by the ADA. People end up with terrible choices. Should I take the medication I need to stay healthy and be denied the protections of the ADA? Or doI stop taking my medication so that I can be protected from discrimination? That is not what Congress intended when it passed the ADA.  By passing the ADA Amendments Act, the Senate is undoing the damage caused by the Supreme Court and reaffirming the principle that America will not tolerate discrimination based on real or perceived disability, fears and stereotypes.  America has made real progress since President George H.W. Bush signed the ADA in 1990. Many of the physical changes the ADA has brought about--like curb cuts--benefit all Americans, not just those with disabilities. Because of the ADA and other disability rights laws millions of Americans with disabilities have gained access to public accommodations, quality educations, and equal housing opportunities.  But too many people remained locked out of the workplace. Employment rates for men and women with disabilities have actually declined steadily since the ADA became law. Today, more than 60 percent of working-age Americans with disabilities are unemployed, and Americans with disabilities who do work are almost three times more likely to live in poverty than workers without disabilities. That is wrong, and it must end.  The march of progress in America can be marked by the expansion of freedom. Slaves who were denied full citizenship under our Constitution were given their rights with amendments after our Civil War and civil rights legislation almost a century later. Women denied the right to vote in America for generations finally won that right a century ago.  It is time indeed, it is past time--to expand our concept of freedom and acknowledge the rights of another group of Americans who have suffered discrimination through history: people with disabilities. It is my hope and expectation that the House and Senate can work together to resolve minor differences between our two bills and send the President a bill that he can sign that will protect all Americans with disabilities.  