He and I are friends. We have worked together and continue to work together on many issues. We have profound disagreements on some issues, but we have managed to maintain our friendship regardless.  We had the responsibility for a number of years of dealing with the Bankruptcy Code. I will say to my friend from Iowa, for a man who is not an attorney, I was always impressed by his knowledge of the issues and his ability to articulate his position effectively whether his opponents were attorneys or not. So I thank you very much for your comments today. I respect very much your point of view, although I disagree with the conclusions.  The purpose here is not to send people to bankruptcy court, it is the opposite. Going to bankruptcy court these days is not a trip to Disney World. It is a problem. You have to go through credit counseling, you have to gather all of your documentation, walk into a courtroom, usually with a lawyer, and be prepared for a pretty tough ordeal. And then, if you successfully complete the bankruptcy, you carry that stigma with you for years. Whenever you want to apply for a loan, one of the questions asked is: Have you ever filed for bankruptcy? So I do not believe people are gleefully jumping at the chance to go to bankruptcy court. For most of them, it is an embarrassing experience, it is a humbling experience, and it is one they want to avoid.  The purpose of this bankruptcy provision is to avoid that experience. Here is the problem: If banks today, if mortgage lenders today were jumping forward to renegotiate these mortgages, we would not be standing here in this debate. They are not. People are in a position where they are about to lose their homes, and these mortgage institutions are not responding.  I will give you an example. A woman named Carol Thomas in Peoria, IL, retired as a drugstore clerk, spent her lifetime in that very basic job, retired with her husband, who worked at a factory. They bought a little home in Peoria. After they retired, her husband got sick. He could not climb the stairs anymore. She wanted to keep him home as long as possible and knew he could not get upstairs to the bedroom, so she went looking for another house, a smaller house but one floor. She found one near where she lived, and she ended up buying the house.  Unfortunately, the medical bills got the best of them. She ended up needing some money to pay off medical bills. Now, this is the No. 1 reason people do file bankruptcy in America: medical bills. But to avoid bankruptcy, she thought: Maybe I can borrow more money on my home. She got ahold of one of those mortgage lenders. And this is why I support Senator Feinstein's effort to license these mortgage brokers. She could not have received worse advice. This poor woman who was no business expert, no college graduate, just a hard-working woman who deserves a decent retirement, was advised to consolidate her debts in her new mortgage. They brought together all of the debts she had and lumped them into a new debt on her home. They were so unscrupulous and so deceptive that they brought into this package of consolidated loans a zero-percent loan she had from the city of Peoria for home improvements. Can you imagine? This woman was paying off that home-improvement loan with zero percent, and this unscrupulous mortgage broker and lender ended up putting that debt into her home where she was paying interest on it now. Thanks so much for the help for Mrs. Thomas.  It did not take but a year for the bottom to fall out. The reset came in. Her husband has since passed away. She was trying to get by on meager savings and Social Security. Her mortgage payment doubled, and there she stood, about to lose her home and her retirement, thinking about going back to work to save the home.  That is when she showed up at that little gathering I had to talk about this issue. It is a heartbreaking situation. She said to me ahead of time, before the press conference got started: I hope I do not cry. I said: Just be as strong as you can. And she did not cry.  She contained her emotions but almost lost it when she talked about her husband and what he went through. She then said: I don't know which way to turn. I call this mortgage company.  I will not give their names here because there is a good ending to this.  She said: I call the mortgage company and they say to me, you clearly can't make these payments, so just stop making payments.  So she said: I didn't send in the monthly payment which would have exhausted my savings. Then they sent me a notice and said: You are in default. You are facing foreclosure. I can't win. I follow their instructions; they tell me they are going to foreclose.  She had some counselors helping her, and the counselors said to me: Would you call the mortgage institution and see if you can talk to them?  So I did. I called and left a message for the vice president of this major company. If I gave their name, it would be recognized instantly.  I said: Please give this woman straight advice and figure out if there is any way she can stay in her home. Within 24 hours this vice president said: We will take care of it. Ms. Thomas can stay in her home, new interest rate, much lower percent interest rate, and she is OK. Don't worry about it.  Why did she have to go through that? Why did I have to make that call? Do Senators have to get on the phone, all 100 of us, and call on behalf of 2 million home owners to get this straightened out? I had to make that call because that mortgage company wouldn't step up and do that until somebody pushed them. I didn't have any threat I could hang over their head other than the embarrassment to their company of not helping this poor woman out. But they finally did it. Why did I have to make that phone call? Why did she have to go through month after month of being beaten up by people on the phone giving her conflicting advice?  That is why this is needed, not so that Carol Thomas and people such as her end up in bankruptcy court but so that the mortgage lenders know if they will not sit down and work with people, those folks may end up in bankruptcy court and the bankruptcy judge may modify the terms of the mortgage. If they know that is coming, they might sit down and talk to Carol Thomas or somebody before it reaches that point.  Some of my colleagues may have been listening or on the Senate floor earlier when my colleague from Massachusetts, Senator Kerry, told his story. Isn't this a great story? Irene Hernandez of Lawrence, MA, a mother trying to raise her children, ends up over her head with a mortgage. They come in and tell her that since she has defaulted, they are going to have to foreclose on her mortgage and toss her out of the house.  They say: Your $210,000 house is now only worth $99,000. So we are going to toss you out and we are going to sell your house for $99,000.  Irene Hernandez says: I will buy it. I can pay a mortgage on $99,000. You know that. I have been paying this mortgage. So why don't you let me buy it?  They said: No. You are disqualified. You are disqualified because you defaulted on a mortgage with our company.  You think of these cases, and you wonder what is going through the minds of these financial institutions. Here many of them have created this subprime mortgage mess which was a catalyst for this recession, which we are sadly heading into according to Mr. Bernanke, and these same mortgage bankers still rule the debate in the Senate. Doesn't this tell you a great story about this institution; that the mortgage bankers responsible for this mortgage foreclosure crisis are telling people: Don't vote for that Durbin amendment. We are opposed to that. And Senators say: That is what mortgage bankers say, and that is where I am going to be.  We have a responsibility beyond the special interest groups that line the hallways in nice silk suits. We have a responsibility to a lot of people like Carol Thomas and Irene Hernandez. These are hard-working people who deserve a break. Many of them were exploited, deceived. They deserve a chance. That is all I am asking. The vast majority of them will never end up in bankruptcy court, will never have the benefit of this proposal. But some of them will. Some of them are going to be able to keep their homes because of this.  I cannot imagine what it would have meant to my family when I was raising them if I thought I was going to lose my home--not only the embarrassment of it, the uncertainty of where they would go, but moving out of the neighborhood, changing schools, leaving their friends. That is something we should not just look on as a routine occurrence in life. It is something they will never, ever forget. That is why this bill is important.  I have been on the Senate floor now for 3 hours and 10 minutes with my amendment. I have invited every Senator who wants to come to this floor to oppose or support this amendment to come on down. The Senate floor is empty but for the Presiding Officer, whom I thank very much for being here. There have been three Senators on the other side of the aisle who have come to speak against my amendment. When I asked the Republican minority leader if we could schedule this for a vote up or down, let's have the decision of the Senate, he said: Senators want to speak. Well, good. That is appropriate. There should be speeches, and I hope even debate. But I have to urge my colleagues, if they believe there is a sense of urgency about the housing crisis, please come to the floor. Please join us in a conversation for or against the provision.  I respect Senator Grassley of Iowa who opposes my provision. I respect the fact that he came to the floor and expressed his point of view and submitted to a question or two. For some who don't follow the Senate, this is a rare occurrence. A Senator actually allowed another Senator to ask a question. We have reached the point where we just come down to the floor and read speeches and finish the speeches and leave the floor. That is unfortunate. It would be better for the debate, for the Senate, and for people following it to hear both sides of the story, to hear me defend my amendment and those who are critical of it express their point of view. It doesn't happen much. It should happen more. I hope it will happen soon.  I am going to renew my request of the Republican leader after the lunch period which many Senators now are involved in to try to bring this to a vote. I think we have given Senators over 3 hours to come to the floor, and exactly three Republicans have come to speak to this amendment. If it is one an hour, then we have 46 more hours to go because there are 49 Republican Senators. That is unfortunate. It is unnecessary. I hope those who do come to the floor will read this amendment carefully.  The argument that this change in the bankruptcy law is going to raise interest rates is one that cannot be sustained. When I asked Senator Grassley about the provision relating to farmers' homes being allowed to be treated this way, he said it was a limited number of farmers who have filed for bankruptcy. He is right. But if the principle is sound for a farmer's home, why is it not sound for a person living in town? If a farmer can go into court and ask the bankruptcy court to change the terms of the mortgage so that they can stay on the farm, why is this inappropriate when it comes to those living in town? The principle is the same, and the principle is sound.  It is true that chapter 12 bankruptcies for those facing agricultural shortcomings are restricted, but so is this provision, restricted to those who qualify for bankruptcy; to those who have a primary residence, a home at stake; for existing mortgages, as of the date of enactment of this law, not after; to provide, as well, that the mortgage terms can only be reduced for the principal to fair market value, no lower; that the interest rate on the new mortgage modification cannot be lower than the prime rate plus a premium for risk; that the term of the new mortgage modification cannot be more than 30 years; that we protect the lending institution; if the property appreciates in value over the next 5 years after the bankruptcy, any appreciation in value goes to the lender, not to the owner of the property. We have put all of these provisions in there. We keep narrowing it down to what I think is a very discrete group of people. It is not prospective. It does not apply to things in the future.  Once every 60 years or so we have a housing crisis in America. I am glad it doesn't occur more often. To respond in a temporary, focused, and narrowly gauged way is appropriate. I think it gives people a fighting chance.  I have taken the floor most of the morning. I know my colleague fromLouisiana is here and has a very important statement to make regarding this bill and her region of the country. I thank Senator Landrieu for being such a strong advocate for the State of Louisiana and for their recovery from Hurricane Katrina.  I yield the floor.  