We have had some words today, some positive and some not so positive, but I hope we can follow through on this conversation and this dialogue and try to see if there is common ground. I don't know if there is, but I am willing to try, and I hope we can see if we can achieve it.  I offered with Senator Hutchison to have a vote earlier today and that didn't happen. But at this point I hope we can find a way to reach an amicable solution. This pension issue is a very important issue to thousands and thousands of workers and to many communities that are served by these airlines. We worked hard and I think had a sizable number of Senators who supported our position, but you never know until you take the actual vote. I will say the underlying bill, after all this conversation about the pension plans affecting five airlines--and the tax provisions, which, frankly, I support--I think the tax provisions in this bill are good, relative to rail bonds, to the New York situation, and to the highway trust fund. I support that. I am happy to support it. But we want to make sure that at the end of the day, the underlying bill is enacted into law. This is long overdue to bring modernization and safety to our skies, and I know the work that has been put into it by the Senator from Texas and especially the Senator from West Virginia.  So I am prepared to sit down and meet with anyone in good faith to try to resolve this if we can. I hope that at the end of the day, though, what the majority leader said a few minutes ago is remembered. He is looking for any germane amendments relative to this bill and is prepared to engage a debate on both sides. He used this procedural approach to try to break a logjam, but he clearly is looking for a way to move to amendments and most importantly to pass this bill. I think that was a good-faith offer, and I know he is a man of his word. So we are prepared to work with Senator Rockefeller and Senator Hutchison and all the Members to try to resolve these differences.  I yield the floor.  