President, I thank the Senator from New York for his comments. Of course, being from the State of New York, he feels intensely and personally what is happening with many of these economic decisions on Wall Street. This involves not only the savings of millions of Americans but the jobs and careers of many people who are working hard in the financial sector.  I am sorry we have reached this point, and I am also sorry that of all the things being proposed so far there are two glaring omissions. I understand time is a constraint on our activities, but we have to come to grips with the fundamental issue that is at stake. What we have done on Wall Street over the years is create a shadow credit industry with no oversight and little regulation. As a result, this has been an anything-goes-capitalism on Wall Street, which, sadly, has led to the demise of major investment banks and brokerage houses. It isn't just their misfortune, it is the misfortune of their employees and investors, savers and retirees who counted on them for their future.  Well, the idea that we would step aside and let the magic of capitalism work its will has shown us we should have thought more about this. It wasn't that many years ago on the Senate Floor that I was debating Senator Phil Gramm of Texas. He was high priest of this theory of fundamentalism--free-market fundamentalism. He would argue we needed to get Government out of the way; that all Government can do is get in the way by creating red tape and slowing things down and diminish profit taking and wealth creation. Well, he carried the day for a long period of time. He had this Svengali influence on many Senators, including the Republican nominee for President, John McCain.  Look what we have reaped from this. We have now an economic crisis--to quote the Secretary of the Treasury and the Chairman of the Federal Reserve--that has been generated by this market philosophy. So at the end of the day, we need to put in place sensible regulation so the taxpayers are protected and the people who count on these investment houses can have some assurance their money will be returned. That is the bottom line, and we will not have time to do that before the end of this year. It will take time to do it carefully. It must be part of it.  