President, Earth Day has been celebrated on April 22 every year since 1970. Much has changed since then. Americans have grown increasingly aware of importance of environmental stewardship for the wellbeing of our country. New challenges have emerged, though, that we didn't recognize in 1970. New sources of pollution threaten our air and water. In recent weeks, for instance, we have been reminded that there are chemicals and pharmaceuticals entering our waters whose effects on the environment are largely unknown.  Perhaps our most important challenge perhaps the greatest problem mankind has ever faced--is global warming. Disruptive climate change threatens our ecosystems, our national security, and our economy. Landmark laws such as the Clean Water Act and the Clean Air Act have done much to protect America. Now, though, our generation is being asked to step up to save our planet as a whole.  The science is unequivocal: global warming is real and manmade greenhouse gases are the root cause. The scientific debate is over, and the time for action is at hand.  Congress is taking this responsibility seriously. Several bills have been introduced in the 110th Congress that would attempt to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Among them is America's Climate Security Act, the bill crafted by Senators Lieberman and Warner.  The Lieberman-Warner bill has the potential to reduce America's total greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent by 2020 and 66 percent by 2050 compared to 2005 levels. These cuts would restore U.S. leadership in international climate change negotiations and help avoid the worst consequences of global warming.  There is no doubt. We need to start cutting greenhouse gases now. What have we heard from the White House on this? Last week, President Bush said America's goal should be to start to reduce the rate of greenhouse gas emissions by 2025. Representative Edward Markey, chairman of the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming, described the plan this way. The President's short-term plan for global warming is: Do nothing. His intermediate plan is: Do nothing much. And his long-term plan is: Do nothing close to what is required to avoid global catastrophe.  The White House plan is not nearly good enough. As global warming progresses we can expect more coastalflooding, more inland droughts and wildfires, more severe storms, more global water and food crises, and more stress on species and habitats that are already at risk for survival. A White House policy of ``business as usual''--of continuing to allow greenhouse gas emissions at an unchecked, accelerating pace--will sentence America to an increasing number of catastrophes--catastrophes that will be costly in terms of dollars and of human life and health.  We in Congress have another choice--the choice to honestly debate a rational plan for reducing greenhouse gas emissions and enacting laws that protect our planet and America's future.  The founders of Earth Day created a legacy that lives with us today. Americans recognize that our well-being is founded on a clean and healthy environment. We have seen much improvement in the environmental stewardship shown by our nation's citizens and industry. Congress can be proud of the role it has played, too. Today, on this Earth Day, America is faced with a new set of environmental challenges. I look forward to working with my Senate colleagues as we do what Congresses before us have done: set aside our personal and partisan differences to do what is right for our country.  