President, I want to say a word about the issue of global warming. I notice that my colleagues are waiting to speak in tribute to Craig Thomas, and I will also say a word about that.  I have to agree with Senator Reid when he said that global warming is one of the most important issues of our age. I believe he said it was the most important global issue and, of course, we realize whatever our undertaking may be in life, it is of little value if we don't live on a planet that can sustain life. That is what we are worried about--that we have warming and carbon pollution that is changing the planet on which we live.  I cannot think of a more formidable challenge that we have ever faced. That is why we think it is important to move forward with this legislation. The notion that we have blocked all amendments is not true. We have said to the Republicans repeatedly: Provide us with the amendments. Show us what you are going to offer. Here is what we will offer. I think that is a good-faith effort--at least on our side--to try to start this important debate. Yet the Republican side has refused. They took 30 hours of general debate and didn't produce amendments. They asked that this bill be read for 8 hours, and they didn't produce any amendments.  Our fear, of course, is that when the time for actual debate begins, without any indication of what they might offer, we will face the same thing we did on the GI bill. If you recall that legislation, which was to help our returning veterans, it was stopped in its tracks by an amendment offered on the Republican side, with a cloture motion filed. That meant that 30 hours had to be burned off the clock while we waited for the cloture motion to ripen.  Now, that is use of a procedure here which doesn't advance the debate or deliberations. So we asked for assurances from the Republican side. We asked is this going to be a good-faith effort to debate and amend this bill? Will you produce the amendments? They would not. It is clear they don't want to. They are opposed to this bill. We have seen this before. We have had 72 filibusters during this session. We have broken all of the records of the Senate. The Republican minority has stopped us time and again when we have tried to bring up critically important issues for our Nation and the world.  President Bush and the Republicans have dismissed this issue of globalwarming, and I think that is why many Americans are dismissing their chances of speaking to the needs of this Nation. This is a critically important issue. If this Republican minority will not allow us to reach it, I predict the American voters will have the last words. We will reach this issue. They will demand that we reach this issue.  All of the fear being spread here about change in America is indicative of the problem the Republicans have today. They are afraid of change. Anything that will change things scares them. They don't think America is resilient enough and powerful enough to accept change. They are wrong.  Our Nation desperately wants change, starting in Washington, and rippling across America, to deal with the issues that face us--first and foremost, to bring peace to our Nation, bring our troops home, stabilize and strengthen our economy, and deal with critical issues, such as global warming.  