President, if you travel into Maryland or Illinois or anywhere across America and ask people what is on your mind, they are going to tell you it is gasoline prices. Why? Because they have to fill the tank each week and cannot believe how much they are paying with the credit cards and cash in their wallet going out in record amounts to fill their cars and trucks and try to get on with their daily lives.  Then you go driving down any street in America, there is that big sign right in your face: $4.08, $4.25. It is a constant reminder of the problems we face. We have tried, on the Democratic side, to move some legislation to deal with this situation. We tried last week to deal with the energy security bill that would have found a way, we think, to start creating an environment to bring down these prices.  It was an effort that most people agree is long overdue. There is a $17 billion subsidy to the oil industry. Why would you do that when this industry is recording record profits, not just for their industry but for any American business?  We have also tried to deal with energy tax incentives for wind power and solar power and things that are the source of power and energy for America's economy in the future. Twice now, not once but twice, the Republicans have refused to join us in even bringing these measures to the floor. They keep stopping us cold.  The Senate's 51 Democrats and 41 Republicans, with absences, with a 60-vote requirement for most major legislation, is within the power of the Republicans to stop debate. They have done it repeatedly.  There is also a concern across America because the response from the Republican side, not just from our colleagues in the Senate but from Senator McCain as well as the President, has been to call on us to drill our way out of this problem.  I am afraid people who suggest we can drill for more oil in America and take care of our problems do not understand basic math. The United States uses 25 percent of the world's oil supply; we are big users for a big economy. Do you know what we have in oil reserves out of all the known oil reserves in the world? We have 3 percent, 3 percent of the reserves and 25 percent of the usage. You cannot drill your way out of the situation.  They do not understand as well that currently there are Federal lands available for drilling that are not being put into production; lands that have already been leased by oil companies. These are lands owned by the people of the United States, and the right to drill for oil and gas has been leased to a private company that sits on it and does nothing.  You say to yourself: Well, it cannot be too much because we need oil, it is so valuable these days. Oil and gas companies--let me show this chart--hold leases to nearly 68 million acres of Federal land that are not producing oil.  This land could produce 4.8 million barrels of oil every day. That is six times the peak production of any drilling in Alaska for the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. Every time you ask a Republican what is the problem, they say: Man, if we could drill in Alaska, everything would be just fine. Do you know how many acres are in Alaska? There are 1.5 million. The oil companies are sitting on leases for 68 million acres now that they are not drilling.  If they did not think they were valuable, they would not have bought the leases. But they did. They wait year after year, sitting on these leases and keep throwing in our face: Alaska, Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, not telling us it would take 8 to 10 years to bring the first barrel of crude oil out of Alaska, and it would have a minimal impact on the price of gasoline.  Let me show you some charts which kind of tell the story about these 68 million acres in more graphic terms. There are 68 million acres leased to oil companies. These are offshore, 33.5 million leased acres unused offshore; 34.5 million leased acres unused onshore.  Take a look at the Gulf of Mexico region. I know it is hard to pick this up in my presentation. But the red areas are areas currently under lease that are not producing oil and gas, owned by the Federal Government, leased to private oil companies, and not in production.  The blue dots are in production. Look at all the opportunity. So when the President has a press conference, or Senator McCain has a press conference, and says: We need to have offshore drilling, the obvious question, Senator, Mr. President, is: What about all these lands, 68 million acres of which are under lease right now for drilling and not being used?  Take a look at this as well. I see Senator Dodd has arrived on the floor. He has been one of the proponents of this particular point of view. I thank him for this. He is welcome to take a look at the charts and use them at any time in the future.  Here are 34.5 million acres leased to companies on the onshore site. Look at the Western part of the United States. All this red area is Federal land currently leased to oil companies for production not in production. Now take a look at Alaska, 1.5 million acres. That is what they cannot wait to get into.  The honest answer is the oil companies have opportunities now to producemore oil and gas. It is time for us to stop hearing the excuses. We have to look to the reality. The reality is the oil companies are making profits at recordbreaking levels. The reality is speculation is driving up the price of oil, and the reality is the President of the United States has yet to call the oil company executives into the Oval Office to tell them they are wrecking the economy.  He has yet to call them in and say: For goodness sakes, start drilling on the land you already lease from the Federal Government. Instead, it is always the next horizon--if we could just get into Alaska, if we could just get into the Outer Continental Shelf.  We shouldn't have to compromise our health or our environment to make sure our economy is strong.  