McCarter, Jr., to serve on the Smithsonian Institution's Board of Regents.  The Board of Regents is vested with authorities typically given to boards of trustees of not-for-profit and educational institutions throughout the United States. The Board considers a variety of issues related to the Smithsonian Institution, including budgets, planning documents, proposed programs and construction, appointments to Smithsonian advisory boards, and legislative initiatives. Given the variety and importance of the Board's responsibilities in managing the tone of America's most cherished cultural institutions, members of the Board of Regents serve a critical leadership role for the Smithsonian Institution.  That is why I am pleased to support John McCarter's appointment. He currently serves as president and chief executive officer of the Field Museum, one of the greatest cultural attractions in Chicago. The Field Museum attracts over 1 million visitors each year. The museum was originally founded to house the biological and anthropological collections assembled for the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893. The original collection has been expanded to include some 20 million specimens, due in part to its continued worldwide expeditions and associated research.  Under John McCarter's leadership, the Field Museum has undertaken a series of projects to rebuild and restore the museum. Research activities have expanded along with the physical structure--the Field Museum is an international leader in evolutionary biology and paleontology in addition to archaeology and ethnography.  Before he joined the Field Museum in 1996, John McCarter was with Booz Allen & Hamilton as a senior vice president and was president of the DeKalb Corporation. He has also worked in government, serving as budget director for the State of Illinois in 1969 and as a White House Fellow during the LBJ administration.  John McCarter brought this diverse work experience to the not-for-profit museum he now leads. During his tenure at the Field Museum, John has created several new permanent and traveling exhibits, including the ``Evolving Plant'' exhibit in March 2006, the exhibit of Sue, the T. rex, in 2000, and the ``Tutankhamen and the Golden Age of the Pharaohs'' exhibit in 2006. These exhibits drew huge crowds to the Field Museum, expanding the reach of the museum's rich cultural experiences to new and diverse audiences. John's leadership has led to a new emphasis on developing museum exhibits that tell stories. This approach attracts more visitors and better educates those who are drawn in. The museum has also formalized its educational role in the community, establishing partnerships with science teachers in the community and organizing activities for inner-city schools.  It is my honor to support the appointment of John McCarter. His extensive experience in the government, private, and nonprofit sectors make him a great addition to the Smithsonian Institution's Board of Regents.  