President, I will take the time allotted on the Democratic side to Senator Webb.  Mr. President, we have heard the sad news about our friend Ted Kennedy. Those of us who stood by his side know that there is no better ally and no more determined fighter. Now, as Ted Kennedy faces another great fight, we know he will bring the same courage and determination to the battle. We also know Ted has spent his entire life caring for those in need. It is time for those of us who love Ted and his family to care for them and join in prayer to give them strength.  Mr. President, at 2:30 we will consider the nomination of Steven Agee of Virginia to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. It is a lifetime appointment. He is a consensus nominee. Both Senators Warner and Webb support him. Of the 11 appellate court nominees pending before the Senate, only 6 can claim the same home State Senator support. That is one of the reasons some of them have been delayed. If we work more toward bipartisan consensus, more nominations would be approved.  Also, it is difficult to hear criticisms that these nominations have been delayed. The Republican minority has delayed so many bills and so many matters in this Congress, they have set a new record for filibusters and delay. That is a fact.  The Senate has confirmed 303 judges for lifetime appointments during the Bush Presidency. President Bush has had 86 percent of his judicial nominees confirmed; President Clinton, only 75 percent. When it comes to circuit court nominees, President Bush has even had a higher confirmation rate than President Clinton--71 percent to 57 percent. There has been no mistreatment here when it comes to the nominees sent to us by the Bush White House. UnderPresident Clinton, 61 judicial nominees were not even given the courtesy of a hearing and a vote.  One of the problems that faces the analysis on the Republican side is that there have been fewer judicial vacancies. President Clinton had 377 judges confirmed; President Reagan, 382, but at the present time, with the 303 already confirmed, if every vacancy were filled--every one of them--then President Bush would have fewer than President Clinton or President Reagan had confirmed. In other words, the fact that President Bush will have appointed fewer judges than his predecessors is a function of math, not political mischief.  Another complaint we have heard from my Republican colleagues is that we are moving on Sixth Circuit nominee Helene White ahead of three circuit court nominees whom they would prefer. Senator Leahy, chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and the majority leader have already addressed this point, but I think the record should be abundantly clear. Helene White was originally nominated in January 1997 and was pending as a Clinton nominee for 1,532 days--over 4 years--until March 2001. You can even argue that she has been pending for over 11 years. So in terms of a place in line, she certainly deserves consideration for her patience.  I hope these battles will be resolved and resolved soon, but most importantly I hope they are resolved with good men and women who come to these lifetime appointments with the appropriate background and appropriate temperament to serve this Nation well. I hope the Senate will join on a bipartisan basis in approving this afternoon's pending nomination.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  