Secretary Paulson, Chairman Bernanke of the Federal Reserve, and Chairman Cox of the SEC came to us last Thursday night to discuss what we faced. They were using words such as ``meltdown'' and ``collapse,'' talking about the very severe economic crisis which we are facing. Certainly, the events of the last few weeks and months back up the concern.  When we raised the question of executive compensation, though, the push back from the administration was: Listen, don't mess with the salaries of these CEOs, even if their banks are failing because they may not do business with the Government. They may not let the taxpayers bail them out if we restrict their annual bonuses and restrict their golden parachutes.  I struggle with this concept, I say to the Senator from Virginia. Is the administration suggesting they would rather see their banks fail, would rather see their hedge funds fail, their mortgage operations fail than not receive their annual bonus? Is that the argument that is being made to us?  I do not know if the Senator from Virginia can recall any other aspects of public or private life where we pay such rich rewards for incompetency. Where the businesses fail, it seems these executives take away the most money. In the Financial Times or in the Wall Street Journal this morning--one of these publications--they talked about Barclays riding to the rescue of part of Lehman Brothers. They said, incidentally, just before Lehman Brothers went belly up, they brought in $2.5 billion for executive compensation and bonuses, momentarily before they were about to go out of business. That is unconscionable.  Now we are asking the taxpayers to come in with hard-earned tax dollars to rescue these companies and subsidize the compensation of executives so they do not have any interruption in theirannual bonuses or any interruption in their parachutes and rewards? There has been an interruption in the lives of most taxpayers.  I say to the Senator from Virginia, is there a parallel here of a similar example that I am missing?  