 The Beijing Games were remarkable. More than 11,000 athletes representing over 200 countries competed in this year's Olympic Games. The United States won 110 medals total at the Beijing Olympics, more than any other country represented.  The Paralympic Games, the competition for elite athletes with physical disabilities, immediately followed the Olympic in Beijing. More than 4,200 athletes from 148 countries competed, the largest number of nations ever represented at a Paralympic Games. American Paralympic athletes won 99 medals overall, 36 of them gold. The International Paralympic Committee has declared these the best Paralympic Games in history.  Americans from coast to coast were electrified by swimmer Michael Phelps, who broke the record for most gold medals in one Olympics and for most gold medals for an Olympian. I had the opportunity to admire the two gold and two bronze medals of American swimmer Ryan Lochte this week. Ryan dedicated his performance and a portion of his winnings to eradicating Duchenne muscular dystrophy, and he was on Capitol Hill this week to raise awareness of this cruel and fatal disorder.  Joining U.S. medalists in swimming was a Lake Forest, IL son--Matt Grevers who won a silver medal in the men's 100m backstroke.  In addition to Matt, I would like to commend the outstanding athletes from my home State of Illinois who represented the United States in the Olympic and Paralympic Games. NBA star Dwyane Wade, a native of Chicago, helped lead the U.S. Men's Basketball Team, often called ``The Redeem Team,'' to their first gold medal since 2000. Sean Rooney of Wheaton, IL, also took home a gold medal as part of the U.S. Men's Volleyball team, and Ogonna Nnamani of Bloomington, IL, won a silver medal along with the U.S. Women's Volleyball team.  Illinois athletes were on the medal stand during the Paralympic Games, too. Jaclyn Barnes of Wadsworth, IL, won a gold in Women's Goalball. Emily Hoskins of Mascoutah and Jennifer Ruddell of Champaign also brought home gold as part of the Women's Wheelchair Basketball team. Nichole Millage of Champaign and Hope Lewellen of Palos Park helped earn the silver for the Women's Sitting Volleyball Team. At least thirty athletes and coaches who competed at the Paralympics have direct ties to Illinois.  Last but far from least, I would like to congratulate Dawn Harper, a native of my hometown of East St. Louis, IL, for her captivating performance at the Beijing Olympics. Ms. Harper, a graduate of East St. Louis High School and UCLA, was a part of the U.S. Women's Track Team. Dawn took the gold medal in the 100 meter hurdles, and I couldn't be more proud.  The Olympics and Paralympics are inspiring. They allow us to watch athletic performance at its very best. They also remind us of the enduring human spirit that drives these athletes to sacrifice, train and prepare for these moments of camaraderie and competition with peers from countries around the world. The State of Illinois would be proud to host these games in 2016. We are preparing in the hope that, 8 years from now, the Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games will take place in the heartland of the United States--in beautiful Chicago, IL.  