If President Bush was right when he said America is addicted to oil, how can we break the addiction? We will never be oil free. That is ludicrous. We will have a dependence on fossil fuels, on oil, for my lifetime and well beyond.  But if we want to be fair to the next generation, we have to be pushing for an energy agenda which sees a source of energy homegrown in America, so we are independent and do not have to rely on OPEC and foreign countries, a source of energy that is kind to the environment, so we do not make global warming worse for kids in the future, and a source of energy that is affordable.  In order to reach that goal--and America can reach it--you cannot look backward, as the Republicans have by saying: Let's keep doing what we have always done. Let's keep drilling for oil.  You need responsible exploration and production of oil, and you need another future agenda: a next-year agenda that says we are going to look to a way to produce energy to keep this economy moving that is affordable.  We have the bill to do it. It is a bill that has lost on the floor of the Senate. It is the energy tax production credit. It is one that will produce energy. We cannot get enough Republican votes to support it. We are going to try again. We are going to keep trying because with this bill we are going to expand tax credits for biomass and hydropower, for solar energy, for biodiesel production. We are going to have tax credits for local governments in renewable projects, advanced coal electricity demonstration projects, plug-in electric cars, heavy vehicle excise tax fortruck idling reduction. It goes on and on--a list of ways to conserve energy and look to future uses of energy that are consistent with an American economy that will grow and not be too expensive for the American people.  That is what we have to move to. This afternoon we will give our Republican colleagues a chance to take their signs that say ``produce more'' and turn them into a vote for this tax program that will produce more. I hope they will join us in this effort.  