President, I ask a few minutes of the Senate's time totell you about four men and a little boy.  Last Friday, Stanko Bojanovic decided to take advantage of a warm, breezy spring afternoon to enjoy a walk with his 2-year-old grandson along Lake Michigan near Belmont Harbor in downtown Chicago.  Mr. Bojanovic was sitting on a park bench at Belmont Harbor with his grandson nearby strapped in a stroller at his side, when a strong gust of wind blew up. Witnesses said the wind sent soda cans sailing by. That wind also pushed the stroller into the harbor with the little boy still strapped in.  Mr. Bojanovic, the grandfather, immediately jumped into the harbor. Passersby saw him bobbing in the water, clinging to the side of the breakwall, and pleaded with him to try to swim to a nearby rescue ladder but the grandfather refused. In broken English, he kept yelling, ``Boy! Boy!''  Those standing nearby grabbed their cell phones and called 9-1-1.  At the moment the call came in, a helicopter carrying Chicago Fire Department divers Brian Otto and Bill Davis was lifting off from nearby Midway Airport, where they had stopped for fuel. The men were already in scuba gear for a drill. Four minutes later, their helicopter landed at the harbor.  At almost the same moment, another crew of a dozen Chicago Fire Department rescue divers were finishing an underwater training exercise at a pool not far from the harbor. They changed into scuba gear and arrived at the harbor just seconds after the helicopter.  Divers Brian Otto, Bill Davis, Cedric Collins, and Bob Skwarek dove into the water near where the grandfather had pointed. There was zero visibility in the murky water so they searched in a grid pattern, feeling their way along the harbor's rocks.  Diver Cedric Collins told a Chicago Sun Times reporter that he prayed, ``Let me find him.''  Less than 3 minutes after the firefighters arrived, diver Brian Otto spotted the little boy's hair waving in the water.  As he tried to lift the toddler, Otto realized that the boy was still strapped into his stroller. He was going to have to lift the little boy and his stroller 10 feet to the water's surface.  Otto, who has a little 4-year-old son of his own, told the Sun Times: ``You see this kid underwater, and you're a firefighter, you're a rescue diver, but you're also a father. I held nothing back.'' He told himself: ``No matter what, we're going to get to the surface. And we're doing it now.'' He lifted the little boy, stroller and all, to paramedics waiting on the pier.  Three minutes passed between the time the firefighters arrived and the time they pulled the little boy, Lazar Ognjenovich from the water. His body was pale blue and icy cold. It is estimated that he was under water for 15 minutes.  Today, little Lazar Ognjenovich remains in critical condition at Children's Hospital in Chicago.  Medical researchers not involved in the case say there is reason to hope. They note that toddlers are sometimes able to survive long periods underwater better than adults and point to a Utah girl who was submerged in water for 66 minutes in 1986. Two years later, when an article about her appeared in a medical journal, she had made a full recovery.  Lazar's grandmother said Sunday that the little boy is showing signs of improvement. She notes that last Saturday--the day after his rescue--was ``Lazarus Saturday,'' a special holiday for Serbian children. She told a Sun Times reporter that she believes God was watching over her grandson.  As for the brave men who rescued the little boy--Brian Otto, Bill Davis, Cedric Collins and Bob Skwarek, members of the Chicago Fire Department's Air Sea Rescue Unit and Scuba Team 687--they were all back at work the next day.  In a story in this morning's Sun Times, Bob Skwarek said that rescue divers train for moments like the one they experienced last Friday. Still, he said, ``You really do feel 10 feet tall'' after a rescue.  Bill Davis and Cedric Collins have both been with the Chicago Fire Department for 9 years and with the scuba team for about a year and a half. Brian Otto has been with the department for 18 years and a diver for 3\1/2\ years. And Bob Skwarek has been with the fire department for 28 years and a diver for about 2\1/2\ years.  They come from the neighborhoods of North and South Chicago: Mount Greenwood, Hegewisch, Roseland and Gage Park.  They have won praise from Chicago Fire Commissioner Ray Orozco and from people all over that great city who have read or heard about their heroism. They deserve every word of that praise.  In his great book Working, Studs Terkel, the legendary Chicago writer, and a great friend interviewed all kinds of everyday working people about their jobs.  Many of the jobs involved risk and backbreaking labor. Some of the people Studs spoke to disliked the work they did.  He also spoke to a firefighter, who said he liked his work very much because you can actually see what a firefighter produces. You see the results of firefighters' work and sacrifice in homes saved, families rescued. And sometimes you see the results of their heroism in little boys pulled miraculously from the waters of Lake Michigan.  On 9/11, we all received a poignant and painful reminder that the real heroes very often are not famous. Most are known only to their families and friends and the people with whom they work.  Many times since 9/11, we seem to have forgotten that basic truth.  Last Friday at Belmont Harbor, four firefighters from the great City of Chicago reminded us.  I ask that this Senate join me in saluting their courage and the courage of all the working men and women in this country who take risks and make sacrifices to rescue others, literally and figuratively. They are truly American heroes.  I yield the floor.  