I want to say that many of our Republican colleagues have come to the floor over the last several days saying virtually speculation is not the problem, not speculation. I know the Senator from North Dakota has ample evidence and many experts behind his position. He and I have joined with the leadership in coming up with an approach which will try to dampen the fires of speculation which may be driving up oil prices and creating volatility not reflected in the market.  I want to make sure the Senator from North Dakota is aware of what happened today with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. They have charged an oil trading firm with manipulating oil prices, the first complaint to be announced since regulators began a new investigation into wrongdoing.  The CFTC accused Optiver Holding, two of its subsidiaries, and three employees with manipulation and attempted manipulation of crude oil, heating oil, and gasoline futures of the New York Mercantile Exchange, which is a regulated exchange, I might add.       ``Optiver traders amassed large trading positions, then      conducted trades in such a way to bully and hammer the      markets,'' CFTC Acting Chairman Walter Lukken said at a press      conference. ``These charges go to the heart of the CFTC's      core mission of detecting and rooting out illegal      manipulation of the markets.''  I say to the Senator from North Dakota that his leadership on this issue and coming to the floor repeatedly to tell us about the possibility this was occurring I think has sparked this commission to come to life, at least today in terms of making these charges.  I am going to leave this story with the Senator because I want him to be able to put it in the Record every time our Republican colleagues come to the floor and say speculation is not an issue. It is enough of an issue that there was a civil action filed today against a company for hammering and bullying the market.  I know this is not in the nature of a question, but I wish to ask the Senator if he feels this action by the CFTC is an indication of what he has been saying over the last several months.  