John Sweeney says: Let's extend unemployment benefits. That certainly is something on which money is well spent.Every dollar you put into unemployment benefits increases economic activity by $1.73, up to $2.15. It is a terrific boost to the economy, plus it goes to the people who need it the most, the ones who are out of work.  Mr. Sweeney also calls for an increase in food stamp benefits. Many of these people are not tax filers and don't receive unemployment benefits, so they would benefit. They are struggling with their jobs, trying to get by, and many of them still qualify for food stamps.  He also talks about a tax rebate targeted toward middle and lower income taxpayers. He talks about acceleration of construction projects. That is money well spent too. It isn't just the Tax Code we should be looking at. There are other ways to move the economy and do the right thing for America.  One of the things Mr. Sweeney notes in his letter is that there is a backlog of $100 billion in needed repairs to American schools. He also says there are 6,000 bridges that have been declared unsafe. The Presiding Officer certainly knows that issue well, as chair of the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee. There is a lot we can do to improve the economy of America by improving the infrastructure. I don't have to remind people what happened in Minnesota not long ago when a bridge failed. People died. It is an indication to all of us that we have to be aware of that need.  This letter I commend to all colleagues because it is a good starting point when we discuss what we can do to this economy to make a difference, a real stimulus package.  This package should be funded at appropriate levels to have an impact on our gross domestic product. The money should go by way of help to taxpayers and their families who truly are struggling. I just have to tell you, if you are making a quarter million a year, the notion that the Federal Government is going to send a rebate check to Members of Congress and people who make dramatically more money--wait a minute; what is this all about? Doesn't it make more sense for us to focus on those folks who are struggling who will spend it, who will energize the economy, than maybe giving enough money for families so that they can put a little extra coat of varnish on their yacht? Is that really an economic stimulus? I don't think so.  I hope we will be able to help those businesses that will create good-paying jobs in America. That is critically important. I hope we will do this in a way mindful of the need for unemployment insurance and food stamps for those who are truly at the bottom and trying to move on with their lives and make a new life for their families.  The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities issued a statement and said that the stimulus plan that some have suggested may fail a test of being effective if it doesn't help families making under $40,000 a year. Keep in mind that if you are being paid the minimum wage in America, you are making a little over $20,000 a year. So even people making twice the minimum wage and more would receive no help from some of proposals made already. We don't need to bypass 45 percent of households, 65 million of them with modest incomes. If a family of four has an income below $41,000 a year, under some of the proposals being discussed, they receive no help at all. We have to make sure they are included. We have to make certain the economic stimulus package really reaches those who have been left behind by the tax cuts for wealthy people that have been in vogue for so long in Washington.  These families are the strength of our country. These are the people who get up every morning and go to work, raise the kids, and make the neighborhoods and towns that make America strong. It is time for us to try to come together on a bipartisan basis, get an economy moving forward which helps all of us by making certain we don't leave behind those families at the end of the economic ladder who have been ignored for so long.  During the course of this break, I visited with a lot of families. It is hard to imagine sometimes, for those of us who are lucky enough to make a good living and have good health insurance, what these poor families put up with in trying every single month to keep it together. It is a lot of stress and strain. There is no stimulus package we will pass that will wave a magic wand and make their lives miraculously better. But woe to us if we pass a stimulus package which ignores the reality of economic sacrifice and struggle in America. Woe to us if we pass a stimulus package which ends up putting money in the hands of those who, frankly, don't need it as much as others. And woe to us if, at the end of the day, we stay hidebound to some old theories that have not worked and find our Nation sliding into a recession where we will all suffer.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Murray). The Senator from Montana.  