President, this morning on the floor of the Senate is a bill entitled the Veterans' Benefits Enhancement Act of 2007. Nine months ago, this bill came out of committee, and this bill is now on the floor and to be considered.  Back in November of last year, I asked for permission to bring this bill up for consideration in the Senate and have amendments. It is the orderly process of the Senate, a deliberative process: a debate--and one might expect that is what we do around here. But, sadly, at that point the Republican minority objected to bringing up the Veterans' Benefits Enhancement Act, even though it had passed out of the committee with an overwhelmingly positive vote.  What is included in this bill? A long list of important changes in the law, changes which will give to our veterans, especially those returning now disabled from combat, benefits they absolutely need: housing, education.  In addition, there is a provision in here which I support--was happy to join as a cosponsor--related to Filipino World War II veterans. I think it is long overdue that the U.S. Senate recognize the contribution made by so many Filipinos in World War II to the success of our war effort. They fought so gallantly and courageously and stood by our troops at a moment we desperately needed their help. Those who are not students of history may have forgotten or never read that our fight in the Philippines was a bitter, long, and tragic battle that ended well but only after great sacrifice by the Filipino people, by the Filipino soldiers, and by our American soldiers.  This provision in the bill related to veterans:     would deem certain service before July 1, 1946, in the      organized military forces of the Philippines and the      Philippine Scouts as active military service for purposes of      eligibility for veterans benefits.       [It] would provide that the children of deceased or      totally-disabled service-connected Filipino veterans who      qualify for educational benefits would be paid at the same      rate and under the same conditions as the children of other      veterans.  Mr. President, this is long overdue.  