It did not register with me, but I should have paid closer attention. A few months ago, while making a similar call to a financial institution in New York, the fellow said: Watch out for credit cards because people are shifting their debt now into credit card debt with the sky-high interest rates.  Many people listening may ask what is this about. This is supposed to be about housing. It is not about housing. It is about the credit vulnerability of America. Housing is the first canary in the cage the Senator shared, if he will allow me to use that analogy. Credit cards will quickly follow.  I say to the Senator from Vermont, when we debated bankruptcy reform on the floor of the Senate 3 or 4 years ago, the credit card industry was pushing that bill because they wanted credit card debt to survive bankruptcy so you could carry it to the grave. I put a provision in that bill that said on a monthly statement for a credit card asking for a minimum monthly payment, you have to disclose to the person holding the credit card how long it would take them to pay off the balance if they paid the minimum monthly payment. The credit card industry refused, saying it was technically impossible to calculate. Does anybody believe that?  I say to the Senator from Vermont, they had a feature on ``NOVA,'' which I think is an extraordinary program, about credit cards. They heralded this one man who is the guru of credit cards who dreamed up lowering the percentage of minimum monthly payments from 5 percent a month to 2 percent because he created an endless stream of debt. If you pay 2 percent, you will never catch up with yourself. You will pay debt forever.  So those who think this amendment of the Senator from Vermont is unrelated to our conversation about housing are wrong.  The last point I will make is, I thank the Senator from Vermont for mentioning payday loans. They rip off members of the military like no other entity in America, and they are a blight on America's credit horizon.  I thank the Senator for offering this amendment. My question is, Can I sign on as a cosponsor?  