President, when we finally vote on the floor, it is on the Medicare Program. The Medicare Program is literally a life-and-death program for 40 million Americans. For 40 million Americans who are either over the age of 65 or disabled, this is their health insurance program.  It was created back in the 1960s. When it was created by President Lyndon Baines Johnson, its critics said: This is too big. This is too much government. This is socialized medicine, they said. And many voted against it, saying it was a mistake. Well, after 40 or more years, we know it wasn't a mistake. It may be one of the most thoughtful and important programs enacted since Social Security because it gave peace of mind to senior citizens. They knew when they reached that moment in life when they were likely to be more vulnerable to illness and disease, they would have health insurance. They could go to a hospital or doctor and get basic care and not worry about whether they were wealthy enough to have health insurance or enough savings to cover a medical catastrophe. So this program, which was derided and criticized for being too much government, has been one of the great success stories of this country, and the seniors value it. Every one of them values it.  My brother, who retired from the private sector in his early sixties--a pretty conservative fellow when it comes right down to it, politically--turned out to have had some heart problems. And it turned out he also didn't have any health insurance after he retired. He was really waiting and hoping he could make it to the age of 65 before something else would happen because a few more trips to the hospital and a few more surgeries might have really hurt his retirement plans. He made it. He is covered by Medicare and doing well. And that is just one example of thousands that can be given.  So we have a vote today which should be a pretty simple vote. It was a very simple vote in the House of Representatives. There is a proposal to cut the reimbursement, the compensation, for doctors under Medicare by about 10 percent on July 1. I think that is a bad idea. These providers don't get paid a lot of money for treating Medicare patients, and to cut their reimbursement may force many doctors to say: We just can't see as many Medicare patients or maybe none at all. So fewer doctors, if this pay cut goes through, are likely to treat Medicare patients. That is not a good outcome. It means that many of the Medicare patients won't be able to go to the doctors who have been treating them for long periods of time and there will be real uncertainty about their future. So we wanted to make sure this pay cut did not go into effect July 1.  The House of Representatives considered this, and in an overwhelming bipartisan vote they voted not to cut the pay for doctors treating Medicare parents. The vote was 355 to 59. That is a 6-to-1 margin in the House of Representatives--totally bipartisan. You would think a bill with that kind of vote would come over here without much controversy. But, of course, those people don't know how to measure the Senate.  In the Senate, there have been those on the other side of the aisle, the Republican side, who have found reason to object to this effort to make sure Medicare doctors get fair pay. It comes down to a lot of reasons they have given, but as they say in politics--or as one old fellow I used to work for by the name of Cecil Partee, a State senate president in Illinois, used to say--for every vote, there is a good reason and a real reason. Well, they are using as a good reason here to vote against this protection of Medicare doctors that, unfortunately, it might involve some increase in taxes or changes in private health insurance. The real reason? The real reason is that this bill goes after--in a small way--private health insurance companies that are selling Medicare coverage, the so-called Medicare Advantage companies.  You see, there are many on the Republican side who haven't gotten over the debate in the 1960s. They still think Medicare is socialism. They still think this is too much government. They want to privatize this. They believe we could rest easy every night if we were in the loving arms of a health insurance company. They obviously haven't had to pick up the phone and talk to some clerk in the middle of nowhere who is denying your claim because of something in the policy you didn't know existed--which has happened to many people across America. No, on the Republican side, they are afraid that any cutback in the profit taking by these private health insurance companies will be uncomfortable for some of their friends. So they are prepared to allow this cut in pay for doctors under Medicare to go through to protect the private health insurance companies offering Medicare coverage.  So I guess the honest question is, Are the private health insurance companiesdoing a better job than the Medicare Program? The honest answer is no. Do you know how much more they charge than the Government's Medicare Program? About 17 percent more. They will throw in a few bells and whistles, but about 17 percent more. So it isn't as if they are cheaper. They are not.  Secondly, it turns out they are using bullying and strong-arm tactics to convince a lot of senior citizens to sign up for those so-called Medicare Advantage Programs, so much so that we have had to investigate this, and we are going to have to do everything we can to stop this from continuing.  Third, we just had a report from the General Accounting Office. These so-called private health insurance companies--it turns out the medical care they were reporting for seniors was overstated. They weren't giving them the care that was promised. Instead, they were taking more profit out of the system.  If you are a free market advocate who believes that it is caveat emptor--let the buyer beware--you can buy into this idea of private health insurance companies doing so well, making so much money, bullying seniors, and not giving them medical care promised. I don't buy it and I think they ought to be held accountable. If there is one thing we ought to protect, it is the seniors in America, who have done so much for this country and now need our help in their retirement years. That is what Medicare is all about.  We are going to have a vote in about 45 or 50 minutes. We need 60 votes to protect these doctors who are providing help under Medicare. We only have 51 on our side of the aisle, the Democratic side. We need nine Republicans to cross the aisle to join us in this effort to do the right thing for Medicare.  I don't think it is an unreasonable idea that 9 out of the 49 Republicans would join us when in the House of Representatives the same measure passed by a vote of almost 6 to 1 in favor of it.  This is a good bill, not only because it helps Medicare to continue to thrive because it helps beneficiaries pay their premiums if they are in a low-income category, it helps pharmacists, it helps many others. It has been endorsed by virtually every major organization of physicians, seniors, pharmacists, and hospitals. They know this bill is critically important.  If the Republicans fail to give us the votes necessary to reach 60 votes on the next rollcall, doctors across America treating Medicare patients will take a 10-percent cut in pay in a few days. That is the reality. Those who have voted that way are doing it in order to protect private health insurance companies who are trying to compete with Medicare. Those private health insurance companies have plenty of lobbyists. They are politically articulate. They can be found in the corridors of the Capitol day in and day out. But those folks are not speaking for the seniors. The seniors want us to stand up and make sure we keep Medicare strong and Medicare providers are there to make sure they get the very best care.  I hope my Republican colleagues will not go in lockstep with the private health insurance companies but will, in fact, stand for the Medicare Program, join the overwhelming bipartisan majority in the House of Representatives who supported this bill. If it costs these private health insurance companies 1 or 2 percent, is that the end of the world, that they would have to give back a little bit of the money they are taking out of our Federal Treasury? I do not think it is. I think they have been shown to charge more than the Medicare Program, to provide less than they publicly disclose in terms of medical benefits, and to engage in marketing tactics which should not be condoned by the Senate.  I hope we will have a good bipartisan rollcall here. It will be a great way to end the session as we break for the Fourth of July recess.  I yield.  