He made reference to something which I thought was so obvious. Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island had an amendment to the original bill, and since Senator Bond is an attorney, and the Presiding Officer is an attorney, and I have been one in the past, we know what happens at a real estate closing. You give people a stack of papers and you turn the corners and say: Keep signing until you are finished. If someone has the nerve to ask: What am I signing? Nine times out of ten, it is going to be dismissed by the realtor or the lawyer in the room: Oh, it is another Federal form required by law. Just sign it. Everything is fine.  At the end of the day, let's be honest. No one has read all of those forms. No one understands all those forms, particularly those who are borrowing money. But the fine print in those forms is going to dictate their lives, and they do not even know it. How many of us take the time to carefully read the back of our monthly credit card statement? Not me. And the print is so fine, even with these glasses which I have all over my house, I can't keep up with it and understand it.  So what Senator Jack Reed proposed was that there be a cover sheet to the disclosing documents which says: You are borrowing X number of dollars, the interest rate is X, the monthly payment will be X, the interest rate can increase to X number, your monthly payment can increase to a certain amount, and there is or is not a penalty for repaying your mortgage. Pretty simple, right? Well, you ought to see what the financial institutions did to Jack Reed's very simple proposal--one that made sense.  The reason it caught my attention is it amends the Truth in Lending law in America. I have kind of a special attachment to this, because the first person I ever worked for on Capitol Hill was Senator Paul Douglas, who tried to pass the Truth in Lending Act for 18 years. He was fought by the banks and never succeeded. He left Congress in 1966, and Senator William Proxmire of Wisconsin passed it.  It was, I am sure, a good-faith effort for better disclosure at closing, but the law is so complicated, so arcane, that at the end of the day it did not serve the ultimate purpose Senator Douglas sought. So I was anxious to read what the banking institutions would agree to as part of the compromise bill before us. I hope my colleagues will take a few minutes and go to section 501 of this bill and try to make sense out of this. What I described to you, in Senator Jack Reed's proposals, I could explain at any town meeting in Illinois--any Senator could--and people would say: Sure, why shouldn't we know this? We might have avoided some of the problems we have today if the borrowers actually knew what they were getting into.  Try to make sense out of what the financial institutions agreed to in this bill. I have read through it. I don't get it. I mean, it does try my patience that at this moment in history, with so many people facing mortgage foreclosures, we do not have an appetite in the Senate to change the basic laws and rules to have more oversight and avoid this happening again.  If it is uncomfortable for us to be plowing through all this legislation, think about how uncomfortable it is for 2 million homeowners facing the loss of their homes.  Senator Feinstein was here a few moments ago, talking about these homeowners in her State. I have met them in my State. They are in Missouri, they are in Iowa. These are unsuspecting people, many of them retired, many of them with limited experience and education, drawn into complicated loans that have traps every time you turn. If you reach a situation where you have lost a job, where you have a serious medical bill, where something has occurred here, you could lose your home. A lifetime of savings could be gone.  That isn't right. I understand people have to accept responsibility for their actions, but you know a lot of these people are being preyed upon, they are being deceived. I have seen it happen. I have talked to the families back in Illinois. We had a chance, with this bill, to put a very important and simple provision in, on which the Senator from Missouri spoke. We didn't do it. I might say, I see the Senator from Iowa, and I don't want to take any additional time, but I wish to say through the Presiding Officer: We convened this morning at 9:30. My amendment, which is pending, has been on the floor for virtually 3 hours now--almost 3 hours. I have stayed that entire period of time to entertain any questions or to engage in any debate related to this amendment.  There have been a lot of speeches about other issues. I don't wish to be critical of my colleagues. I have done the same thing. They have issues that are important to them relating to this bill and other subjects. That is their right.  I tried to get an agreement that at 12:15 we would vote on my amendment, up or down, win or lose; let's debate it and vote on it. I asked the Republican minority leader and he said: Too soon. Other Members want to come and speak to this amendment. I don't want to foreclose anyone's opportunity to speak on the floor for or against this amendment, but why are we wasting this time? That is my question. This is an important bill. There are a lot of very important amendments. Let's get on with it. Three hours should be enough for this amendment. It is way too much. We could have debated this thoroughly in a matter of an hour. Unfortunately, a lot of Members have not come to the floor.  There should reach a point where the minority leader says to his colleagues: You had your chance. Now let's vote. That is kind of the normal consequence in life--you snooze, you lose, whether you are in the Senate or not. So I encourage those who support or oppose my amendment, come to the floor. I am here. Let's have something unprecedented, a debate, an actual debate in the Senate, where I say something and someone challenges it or they say something and I challenge it. Wouldn't that be exciting? C-SPAN might advertise that is going to happen on the floor of the Senate, it is so rare.  I am ready. I hope, if the Senator from Iowa is here on my amendment, that we can be engaged in a debate shortly.  I yield the floor.  