President, 68 million acres are currently open to the oil and gas companies, Federal land leased to them for oil and gas exploration. You would think, from the position and the statements on the Republican side of the aisle, that there was no land available and that we have to find new opportunities for oil and gas companies. They have 68 million opportunities they are not using today.  Time and time again, over the last several weeks, the position of the Republicans on the energy question has come down to two or three very basic things: First, the Republicans in the Senate and Senator John McCain are stuck on old ideas. Secondly, they can't wait to go hat in hand to big oil--the oil companies--and ask them: What would you like us to do next? Well, the oil companies have a pretty good agenda. Before President Bush and Vice President Cheney leave town, can you try to find some way to provide even more Federal acreage we can drill on maybe in the future? We want to stock it in our portfolios and get to it another day. Can you make sure you do that before President Bush leaves town?  That is the Republican agenda: More acreage beyond the 68 million they currently have and no vision for the future. It is an old agenda, an old idea. The Grand Old Party is stuck in an old way of thinking when it comes to energy.  The bill I am about to talk about looks to the future. It is a vision for tomorrow. Of course, there is responsible exploration and production--there has to be and there should be--but it realizes that the energy future of America and the world has to be different. We have to get ahead of the curve. As Senator Reid said in quoting Thomas Friedman, it is time for us to think of the energy revolution we are about to engage in, one that is going to make a profound difference in our lives.  Twice this week we have given the Republicans a chance to vote for a real energy package. Is it a bipartisan plan? Read this quote from 48 Governors, Democrats and Republicans, across the United States.       Securing our energy future must be a priority at both the      State and Federal levels. We strongly urge you--  They are speaking to the Congress--     to partner with States by passing legislation on a bipartisan      basis to extend expiring renewable energy and energy      efficiency tax credits that can be enacted this year.  The Governors understand it. The American people understand it. The Democrats in the Senate understand it. It is only the Republican Senators who continue to object.  Now, what are these incentives? They are incentives for renewable energy that will chart a course for America to find clean energy sources and the creation of new businesses and new jobs so America can again lead the world. The Republicans look in the rearview mirror at drilling for oil because that is where the big oil companies are--their friends, their allies, their inspiration when it comes to energy.  This bill that came before us yesterday brought in five Republican votes. Only 5 out of 49 crossed the aisle and joined us to try to pass it. Not enough. They know it. Coincidentally, four out of five are in tough reelection contests. They understand when they go home that they can't sell this ``drill forever'' and the mentality the Republicans in the Senate have been peddling.  The bill talks about incentives for biomass and hydropower, solar energy, biodiesel, advanced coal, electricity, demonstration plug-in electric cars, battery performance standards, idle reduction units for trucks, and so many other things that move us forward using those nonpolluting renewable sources of energy that are truly our future.  Time and time and time again, the Republicans in the Senate have said no, no to these incentives for renewable energy and no to our future. I will give them a chance this time.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 767, H.R. 6049, the Renewable Energy, Job Creation Act of 2008; that the amendment at the desk, the text of which is S. 3335, be considered and agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time, passed, and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table; that any statements relating thereto be printed in the Record.  