President, the bills I just asked to be passed and the ones which were not passed earlier today, some 34 bills, were permission bills, authorization bills. I think they were meritorious and valuable and very important--for some families in America, more important than maybe anything else we would consider.  What kind of issues do they take up? You have heard it here on the floor: Lou Gehrig's disease. Just down the block from where I live in Springfield, a fellow I practiced law with had a son who contracted Lou Gehrig's disease. He didn't last long. His wife would come to me begging that we do more in medical research so that her son would be spared. When it became obvious he couldn't survive, she still pushed for more research, saying no family should ever have to go through this again. Well, we understand that, all of us do--anyone who has had an illness in the family--and that is what the bill did. The bill would establish a registry of Lou Gehrig patients around the United States to track them, to gather information, to try to find out a way to find a cure.  Now, who is going to object to that bill? Well, it turns out that in the House of Representatives, the bill was passed 411 to 3--overwhelmingly passed. It came to the Senate in May of last year, over a year ago, and was reported by one of our committees, the HELP Committee, on December 4 of last year, and that is when Senator Coburn objected to it and put a hold on the bill. He didn't want it to go forward. I think this is a good bill. I don't know who would argue against it, but one Senator did, so it became the top bill on our list of 34.  Most people remember Christopher Reeve, who played Superman in the movie and then got involved in an equestrian accident and was paralyzed and spent the rest of his life pushing for more research and more work to deal with paralysis. Well, there was a bill introduced that pushed for paralysis research and rehab at the National Institutes of Health. It was so overwhelmingly popular that it passed the House with a unanimous vote, by voice vote. No one dissented. It came over here, and Senator Coburn said: No, I am stopping that bill--a bill that Senator Cochran of Mississippi and Senator Kennedy of Massachusetts offered involving stroke victims for comprehensive systems to treat these stroke victims to save their lives and to save their faculties. It passed by a voice vote in the House of Representatives with not a single dissenting vote. When it came over here, despite support by our Senate committee, Senator Coburn objected.  The Melanie Blocker Stokes MOTHERS Act, this is one I am familiar with. It deals with women suffering from postpartum depression. Sadly, many of these women are not only sad but resort to suicide. This bill was trying to work out a way so that new mothers would have someone to speak to.  I met with some of those mothers in my State who have been through postpartum depression. It turns out everybody is focusing on the new baby and how beautiful it is, and mom is over there as blue as can be, not going to see another doctor for some time. Well, she will see a pediatrician with the baby, and we were trying to find a way for pediatricians to be sensitive to this and try to help deal with depression before it got more serious. That is what the bill is all about. It passed the House 382 to 3 on October 15 of last year. Senator Coburn held it up. He said he didn't want this bill to go forward.  The Vision Care For Kids Act, this one establishes a State grant for the Centers for Disease Control to help kids be tested to make sure their vision is good and to help them get glasses if they need it. You would think there is enough there, but there isn't. A lot of kids failing in the classroom just can't see the blackboard or readthe computer in front of them. This is why this is necessary. It passed in the House by a voice vote unanimously in October of last year. The lead sponsor, incidentally, is a Republican--Senator Bond of Missouri--and Senator Coburn held up the bill.  The list goes on and on. In the Judiciary Committee, efforts to establish and reauthorize programs for runaway kids; the Emmitt Till Unsolved Civil Rights Act to try to bring to justice those who killed civil rights workers so many years ago; an effort for funding mental health courts to deal with mental illnesses, one of the important elements when it comes to crime in this country; the Child Pornography Prosecution Act--all of those bills, incidentally, passed out of the committee, which Senator Coburn serves on, and then he held up the bill after it passed out. It is a long list of bills. Drug Endangerment of Children. All of these bills are designed to deal with real-life problems and issues, and Senator Coburn objected to every single one of them. It was his right to do it.  So we brought these bills together with many others and said: Certainly the Senate, understanding these are bipartisan measures with strong bipartisan support, would want to bring these to the floor and vote on them. Senator Coburn could have voted no. If that is what he wants to do, it is his right to vote no, but that isn't what he wanted to do. He wanted to preclude the opportunity for anyone else to vote on this bill; he put a hold on the bill.  We had a test rollcall on this earlier today, and if you followed the debate earlier, you would know that only three Republicans joined us on the Democratic side. We didn't get the 60 votes we needed. This package of bills, all the things we mentioned, and many other items, unfortunately, are not going to go forward.  Now, it is not right that bills that are so important, that have strong bipartisan support, that have been carefully worked on, won't even get the chance to pass. I think it is unfortunate. It is unfortunate that a number of Republican Senators, even those who cosponsor these bills, would not come forward and join us in this effort. I don't know that we will have the time to get back to this, but I hope we will at some point. Senator Reid has said, and rightly so, we are running out the time. We just can't keep doing this over and over.  The last point I wish to make is there has been a lot of talk about suffering here. Most of the people who are suffering here are staff who have to weather these storms of oratory on the floor of the Senate. Senator Reid brought up that issue because some people are threatening we are going to stay in session all the way through August to deal with energy. Senator Reid made the point that it is no hardship for him, nor for our side of the aisle if that happens, if that is what we end up doing, and that, in fact, there are many others on the other side of the aisle who are anxious to get home for political reasons in a pretty tough election year. That was the point he made. He didn't diminish the suffering the American people are feeling all across this country, of families who are trying to pay gasoline bills. I hope tomorrow will see a better day and a more reasonable approach.  We have tried repeatedly to bring up an energy bill and offer the Republicans a chance to bring up their amendments, we would bring up our amendments, subject them to a 60-vote margin, and let the better amendment win. They rejected that last week. I hope they will reconsider. I hope they will understand, as we do, that it is much more important for us to take up bills such as the ones that were objected to today so that some families across America with genuine concerns can have their concerns addressed by the Senate.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  