President, briefly, I will say that we have pending before us a housing bill. You couldn't have missed this story in America; it has hit so many communities so hard. My home State of Illinois is fourth or fifth in the Nation in mortgage foreclosures. Our largest county, Cook County, is No. 2 among counties in the Nation in mortgage foreclosures. I have gone to the west side of Chicago and taken a look--with Bob Fioretti, the local alderman--and seen a beautiful row of houses, and among those are many well-kept places, with the lawns manicured, and smack dab in the middle is one boarded-up house with trash all over the front yard and a sign that says it will be up for auction in a few weeks.  Of course, that is dragging down the property values for the good neighbors who are trying to keep their homes nice and make their mortgage payments on time. So mortgage foreclosure isn't just your neighbor's misfortune, it is your misfortune. And when 2\1/2\ million Americans lose their home to foreclosure, 44 million homes see a decline in values.  In my hometown of Springfield, IL, when somebody files for foreclosure a block or two away, it affects my property value. Of course, a home is one ofthe most important assets most families own. So we want to get this under control.  Those people who have been defrauded by mortgage practices that never should have been allowed need a second chance. I don't have any sympathy for speculators--those high flyers trying to make a fortune. But for those families who need a second chance to stay in their homes and not lose everything they have put into them, this bill can help.  We worked on this bill on a bipartisan basis. We now have the President's support. The fact is, this bill should be on the President's desk today, and it could be. Sadly, one Republican Senator is holding up this bill and making the Senate stay in session until tomorrow. I hope that Senator is here for the vote when it takes place tomorrow, but this is totally unnecessary. It is just a matter of delaying critically important bipartisan legislation that can try to address the terrible home situation we have across America.  The National Association of Realtors has reported that home sales have dropped yet again last month, leaving sales 15\1/2\ percent below where they were a year ago. The median price of a home sold in June dropped 6.1 percent from a year ago. That is the fifth largest year-over-year price reduction on record.  In Illinois, my home State, sales were down again, and the median sale price was down 6.1 percent from June of last year. Unfortunately, it doesn't look like it is going to get better soon.  Six months ago, the Center for Responsible Lending estimated that 2.2 million homes may be lost to foreclosure in the near future. That means 44\1/2\ million families will see a decline in the value of their homes. The total decline in home values across America from neighborhood foreclosures is expected to be over $220 billion.  This bill that we have before us, that will be passed--I hope tomorrow--with a strong bipartisan vote, the Housing and Economic Recovery Act, will take several steps to help families facing foreclosure keep their homes, help other families avoid foreclosure, and help communities that have been devastated by foreclosure to recover.  Chairman Chris Dodd, a Democrat from Connecticut, and ranking member Richard Shelby, a Republican from Alabama, came together and crafted a bipartisan bill and worked hard to do it. Chairman Barney Frank of Massachusetts, over in the House, did an extraordinarily good job, and we were able to not only improve the regulation of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, two Government agencies that are directly involved in almost half the home sales in America, but the bill also gives tax benefits to families who want to buy homes and cities trying to rebuild low-income housing.  It helps veterans--and we should always do that--by increasing loan limits for their mortgages and extending the period of time that lapses after a soldier returns from service before he can face foreclosure.  Cities receive $4 billion under the bill to purchase and rehab foreclosed property, and it helps avoid foreclosures in the future by tightening licensing requirements on mortgage brokers.  All these steps are in the right direction, but we also need a good-faith effort from lending institutions. For too long they have stood by the sidelines watching these foreclosures stack up. They should be in the game, working with these families to save the homes, where they can. That is not only the right thing to do morally, it is the right thing to do for their industry. If we are going to get the American economy moving again, create jobs, and have a bright economic future, we need to get our housing sector back on its feet.  I am sorry that one Senator makes us wait until tomorrow to get it done, but I trust tomorrow we will get it done. We are going to pass this bill, send it to the President, and I hope start the economic turnaround this country needs.  