By the way, 1,600,000 laws on the books today were never voted on by anybody. Not ever voted on. It costs $1.01 trillion a year to implement those regulations. You want to balance the budget? Eliminate those regulations and you can balance it in 13 years. We could have industry again.  I'm just saying this is a good idea. Let's pass it.  Federal policies and regulations stand in the way of economic progress and free enterprise for all Americans, but the problem is especially bad in Indian Country.  Indian reservations have the highest rates of unemployment and poverty of any comparable areas in America.  These statistics are astounding when you consider that tribes own an estimated ten percent of the Nation's energy potential.  But so many tribal lands lie vacant and unused.  The problem is that development of Indian land is based on outdated, paternalistic Federal laws and policies.  Let me describe a few examples of these laws and policies.  We have the Long-Term Leasing Act . . . a 56-year-old statute that restricts most Indians from leasing their property for more than 25 year terms. In some cases this has prevented tribes from constructing new homes.  There is the National Environmental Policy Act, a law routinely used to delay and stop the use of lands reserved exclusively for tribes under solemn treaties with the United States.  The Endangered Species Act has become the weapon choice by special interests seeking to harm tribal development.  And then we have the Environmental Protection Agency, the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Bureau of Indian Affairs. One of the first acts of the Obama Administration was to have these agencies stop the Navajo Nation from building and operating a 1,500 megawatt power plant on its reservation.  The project would have created thousands of good jobs on a reservation with 50 percent unemployment, generating $1.5 billion over 30 years for the tribe's treasury.  Thanks to our government, the tribe is not allowed to create jobs for its citizens or produce power for millions of consumers.  This is wrong.   Tribes are caught in a Catch-22. They have over 50 million acres of land pursuant to treaties and Acts of Congress, but the catch is they can't use them without permission of Washington, DC.  Tribes are suffering from 19th-century Indian policies, and the result is a continuing Great Depression across many reservations.  Fortunately, a number of tribes have taken control of their resources from Washington, DC. They have proven to be outstanding stewards of their lands while providing huge energy resources needed by the country.  The Subcommittee on Indian and Alaska Native Affairs is going to study the accomplishments of these tribes. We will consider changing outdated laws and policies that stand in the way of tribal economic development.  I look forward to the Subcommittee making progress--on a bipartisan basis--to create more tribal opportunity, and more tribal freedom from outdated Federal laws.  These sort of harmful regulations are not unique to Indian Country. For example, my Alaska fishermen are faced with similar crippling stupidity.  EPA now requires fish processing vessels operating in the Bering Sea to take water samples which are then tested at such a high resolution level that the tests cannot be performed by any labs in Alaska. The samples have to be sent out of Alaska at great expense.  To make matters worse, the test are required to be so precise and to such an unrealistic resolution level that if a technician has mercury amalgam fillings, his breath could alter the result.  In another instance, EPA is requiring complex seafood processing permits and gear for Alaska's small freezer troll fleet.  These folks only catch about 1,000 pounds of fish a day. They have 45-foot fishing boats and one or two deck hands--they fish with hook and line and clean their fish immediately. They toss fresh fish heads right back into the waters they came from--one at a time, and EPA wants them treated like a big factory ship. This is preposterous!  Again, this Committee will examine these issues and take steps to remove these foolish regulations that are stopping the production of new wealth.  