I appreciate the gentleman's comments on why he represents the area he represents. But he did vote against ANWR, has supported no production, very, very important to me.  I can say one thing. The Obama administration, I got a big kick out of someone saying we can blame the President. I can remember Bush was in office for 8 years and we blamed him for the earthquakes and the tsunami and I don't know what else.  What bothers me the most is that this country moves its economy with fossil fuels. Our trucks, our ships, our planes, our automobiles and our trains are all using fossil fuels and must do so. That's what moves our commerce. That's also what will raise the price for everybody and every household in this Nation. It is being taxed by these high costs of fossil fuel.  We can stabilize that cost if we're allowed to produce off our shores and on our shores. But to not say we're going to produce any more oil--which is exactly what this administration is saying, because they want to transfer into a new era of time. We want to transfigure the country into a new era of time. We don't care about jobs. We don't care what happens to the economy. We're going to do it because we're right. I'm saying you're dead wrong.  Can we use the fossil fuel in America to use it as a bridge to new fuels? Yes. But you cannot stop using fossil fuels. We're buying $400 billion a year overseas from foreign countries, bleeding this country every day. It's time we get on with the job.  At this time, Madam Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. McClintock).  Mr. McCLINTOCK. Madam Chairman, this truly is a tale of two parties.  The Democrats have been very clear in their approach on this issue. Heap additional taxes on producers, which will be immediately passed on to consumers, and continue to delay and obstruct the development of America's vast petroleum resources. Higher prices at the pump, increasing dependence on foreign oil, and thousands more families thrown out of work, that is the Democratic plan.  The Republicans have also been very clear on our approach. Open America's vast petroleum resources, triple the current production by 2027, cut foreign imports by one-third. Even more importantly, this bill means hundreds of thousands of new jobs and hundreds of billions of dollars of direct revenues into the national and State treasuries, not through higher prices for consumers but through growing prosperity for our country.  That's the choice between the two parties, plain and simple, and it's the choice I believe the American people are ready and eager to make.  