I am going to read it. It is only 32 words. It says in article I, section 8, ``The Congress shall have power to promote the progress of science and useful arts by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right''--exclusive right--``to their respective writings and discoveries.''  Now, this is not some little amendment that is part of a manager's effort. This is the Constitution of the United States. Therefore, when a 105-page bill comes before us on suspension, those of us who value this document and devote much of our lives to preserving it under the oath that we take are very suspicious of any bill of such consequence that comes before us on suspension when we are allowed only 10 minutes to debate.  I also would say that with all due respect to the excellent minds that were involved in crafting this manager's amendment, it is only a handful of Members of this institution. This bill is not up on the web. I cannot ask the inventors I represent back home to go to any site to look at it so I can be advised on how to vote tomorrow morning.  I know a fast ball when I see one. I have been here long enough to know that. I am offended by this, simply because I think the constitutional issues are so very important. I am not afraid of sunshine on this issue or any other issue, and I would say to my good friends from California, some of whom are on the floor tonight, I understand a little bit about industry differences, and I know that there are some industries that will benefit more than others from the publication in foreign locales of some of these patents.  I would say, and I have only marked one paragraph that I will read here, because the public will know nothing of this bill before it is voted on tomorrow, but on page 33 there is this section that is called ``United States publications of applications published abroad.'' It says, ``Subject to paragraph (2), each application for patent except applications for design patents filed under chapter 16 and provisional applications filed under section 111(b) shall be filed in accordance with procedures determined by the Director, promptly upon the expiration of a period of 18 months after the earliest filing date for which a benefit is sought under this title.''  Now, that is an interesting set of words there, but I guess I would want to take sections like that and let the sun shine in, let those back home whose livelihoods and futures, and, frankly, the future of this country depend on, have an opportunity to think and comment before this particular vote.  I agree with the chairman; this is complex, it is very important, and it is often misunderstood. I would have to say as a Member, I take some offense that some professor from MIT, and I attended MIT, had more influence with the committee and more ability to review these sections than Members like myself. You must understand this frustration.  So I do really feel that we are being closed out. That means that some interests are being looped in, and it means that we are not to be given the chance to review this extremely important measure with constitutional consequences before we are asked to vote on it tomorrow.  Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to my good friend, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), who has fought so hard trying to get reform that is fair to all concerned.  