Chairman, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the esteemed gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro) who has spent so many hours and weeks working on this bill.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chairman, let me thank the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. Skeen) and the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur) for their hard work in what has been a difficult feat to balance the important priorities of this bill given the budget constraints that the subcommittee faces. I am concerned that we could not do more to support vital programs, however, that improve the day-to-day lives of hardworking American families; providing a safety net for farmers in crisis, reducing smoking among young people, ensuring high quality nutrition for parents and their children. These are issues not receiving enough attention. First there is a crisis facing our farmers today. From low grocery store food prices to safe food on the dinner table, the benefits of U.S. agriculture are immeasurable to each and every American family. Farmers across this country are begging Congress to do something and, by God, we must do something.  This bill does not do enough to address the depression level prices our farmers face. A serious issue before this Nation is tobacco use among America's youth. Each day an astounding 3,000 teenagers take up the smoking habit. The loss to America equals 420,000 lives. This year the President requested a $30 million increase to expand the partnership between the FDA and States to enforce the laws prohibiting tobacco sales to minors. The additional funding would have enlarged this successful and business-friendly program that would have been expanded to 50 States. Sadly, this bill does not provide this important investment, made even more essential because States like Connecticut, my own State, are not investing their money from the tobacco settlement into educating the public about the dangers of smoking. I am concerned about the little over $4 billion allocated for the WIC program in that it may not be able to cover all of its participants. WIC guarantees that 7.4 million women and their children receive solid nutrition and health advice, preventing future illness and serious health problems. I am disappointed that funds could not be found to take the first steps toward a study of the benefits and the costs of a universal school breakfast program, a study that has already been authorized by the Goodling Act. Regional studies have linked school breakfast programs with higher test scores, better behavior and improved attendance. But a truly rigorous and a comprehensive study is necessary to nail down and to solidify the proof of that relationship.  This is an unfunded mandate. If the Congress is going to require this study, it must provide the funding. I again applaud my colleagues for facing these restrictions. These issues deserve our highest commitment.  