Speaker, I offer the following: ``I must study politics and war that my sons and daughters may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. My sons and daughters ought to study mathematics and philosophy, geography, natural history, naval architecture, navigation, commerce, and agriculture, in order to give their children a right to study painting, poetry, music, architecture, statuary, tapestry, and porcelain.''--Letter to Abigail Adams from John Adams [May 12, 1780].  Mr. Speaker, Jamie Whitten, the former chairman of the House Appropriations Committee and chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee for forty years, said the only real wealth we have is the land. Much like President Adams, he believed that what farmers do provides us with the greatest security in theworld--the freedom from hunger so that we are afforded the freedom to undertake other endeavors.  Farmer Cooperatives have been a real source of strength in the 20th century. They provide an opportunity for many small producers to band together to create strength among themselves for themselves. Farmers have been able to purchase supplies and sell product through cooperatives. They have banded together based on commodities or region for the betterment of all.  They also have been a vital source of development in rural areas with telephone and electric power services.  They provide collaborative financing for producers and rural businesses (Farm Credit Services).  There are more than 3,500 cooperatives in the US, with total sales of over $100 billion. They employ nearly 300,000 people, with a payroll of $6.8 billion.  Cooperatives have been storehouses of ideas and innovation. As we see consolidation in the agriculture industry today, co-ops offer farmers the opportunity to vertically integrate and take advantage of profit sharing as a way to keep rural areas and rural families productive, while offering new opportunities for prosperity.  Farmers have been unfairly portrayed as unsophisticated individuals who could easily be fooled by ``city slickers''. The next time you want to talk with someone who is knowledgeable in cutting edge science, the intricacies of international trade, who is prepared to compete on a global scale, and must depend upon every available tool to stay ahead, you might want to think about Intel and Microsoft. But you would be wrong. The person you need to talk to is the American farmer and his co-op manager. There are no more savvy people like them in the world.  