Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. Let me just say, in reference to something the earlier speaker said, when we do not follow regular order, which means when we do not come to the subcommittee and the full committee and do not make views known, and then try to come to the floor and repair it, that is not regular order.  Regular order is making Members' wishes known to the committee as we go through the regular process, because we have to deal with 435 Members.  Now let me say, in reference specifically to this amendment, which is global climate change, in terms of global climate change, this is not a project that will be done in this Member's district. I know it will not be done in the chairman's district. But there is no issue more important to agriculture in this country and in the world than climate.  I can remember one time walking into the office of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Stenholm), the ranking member on the Committee on Agriculture, and he was watching television. But what was he watching? He was watching the weather as he was marking up one of the major authorizing bills for agriculture in this country.  I kind of laughed, because the sound was not on. I said, Charlie, what are you really doing? He said, you know how important weather is.  With changes in global climate, just a little bit of melt in any of the poles causes a change in the currents and the water. We have major research going on in terms of genetics, to try to make plants grow in deserts or where there is lack of rainfall.  What about when we have major changes in climate, which happen at the edges, they certainly do, and how we get plant life to survive in those circumstances?  What about the oceans? What about trying to do more in the way of production out of saltwater?  There are all kinds of issues that we deal with relative to the globe and relative to climate. There is nothing more important for us to know about.  Frankly, the Department of Agriculture is the department that farmers trust. They are not going to trust, with all due respect to the Environmental Protection Agency, but it has had a different view of what is in the air and a different perspective on climate.  But in terms of plant life and animal life, the research depository and the intelligence is stored at the Department of Agriculture. We make it available to our farmers in the field through the modern wonders of technology, and frankly, we help the farmers of the world to the best of our ability feed the people of their own country.  So I think to make any recommendation to eliminate this line item is certainly backwards looking.  I would just say, and I am sorry that the gentleman left the floor, but I will bring it up again when he returns, if in fact he has a problem with special grants under the Cooperative State Research Extension and Education Service, I would recommend that the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Coburn) eliminate the grants that he asked for. In fact, I will list just three of them, totaling over $691,000.  We have a letter in our possession that was sent to one of the Members in our committee in which the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Coburn) asks for assistance to the State of Oklahoma, and asks for targeted line item funding through the agricultural appropriations bill.  We do not have any discrimination against Oklahoma. We want to help Oklahoma. They include the following.  