Chairman, if the gentlewoman from North Carolina will further yield, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Coburn). That gets to my very point that he amends line 11, page 13, out of the special grant category. The project of the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey) is in the special grant category.  I wanted to get back to the letter that the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Coburn) sent to the committee back on March 4. I am very glad that the gentleman brought it up himself here on the floor, because his letter says that Oklahoma State University met with him. They did not meet with another member of the committee.  Through that meeting, the gentleman learned about the specific projects, and then I quote from the gentleman's letter, ``They have targeted to get line item funding through the Agriculture Appropriations bill this coming spring.'' This is the bill. This is the time we are talking about.  The next paragraph goes through five different projects. The last paragraph the gentleman from Oklahoma says, ``They wish to receive funding,'' this is what he says to another member of the committee, ``in a line item form.'' The gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Coburn) even tells them how he wants it, for each one; each one of the projects, he means. Then the gentleman says, ``And I wanted to inquire as to what support you plan to give them in regards to these projects as they progress through the Committee on Appropriations.''  I will tell my colleagues, when I receive a letter from a Member, and the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Coburn) did not send this particular letter to me, I would take it that when the gentleman lists which projects he wants on behalf of his university, that is a request for funds.  So, therefore, if this is not a request for funds, I go back to my original proposal to the gentleman, because I understand he wants to cut funds, why not take the special grants that he has asked for, $285,000 for expanded wheat pasture, $180,000 for integrated production systems for horticulture crops, and $226,000 for preservation and processing research for fruits and vegetables, which total $691,000, and let us eliminate those first.  