 I felt compelled to speak on this because of the condition of rural America and the fact that again we are encountering delay in the consideration of this legislation; more amendments being offered in the other body, slowing down a very important supplemental package that contains many items relating to assistance for Central America and Hurricane Mitch, but equally important for the farmers here in this country.  There is a literal depression that is affecting our country from coast to coast among people who are hard-working, taxpaying Americans, and this Congress is incapable of clearing a bill quickly to help the American people who so desperately need it.  I find it completely ironic that now we here in the House have to instruct the conferees to go back to the other body and say, no, we do not want this amendment either because they are dipping into cuts in other accounts that deal with Y2K and other programs, but tucked under all of that is this giant need in rural America where farmers are being put at the end of the line waiting as Congress dithers more, is unable to reach any kind of conclusion, and we have to have more delays.  So, to me, I will support the motion to instruct simply as an act of protest against the inability of this institution to protect the American people's interests. Frankly, I am very much interested in us being internationally involved and doing what is responsible elsewhere, but the point is that rural America is in depression and we are acting like nothing is happening.  I just wish every tractor would come back to Washington and surround this place and make the leadership of this institution and the other body responsible for what is happening. Farm income is going to drop another 20 percent this year. USDA has used up all of its emergency loan authority. Credit is not being extended this spring. Seed companies back home are holding debt from last year.  Now is planting season, my colleagues. Spring has been in existence for over a month now and we cannot bring a bill out of this Congress. Where is the leadership of this institution and the other body in trying to meet the real needs of the American people, which are urgent? For the life of me I do not understand. To me, it is a disgrace that we have to debate these kinds of amendments that are being loaded on over in the Senate and not clear that portion of the bill which is so desperately needed by our own people.  I want to thank the ranking member on our full committee, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), whose State is as heavily affected as my own, as well as every other Member here who understands the pain of the rural countryside today, what has happened to prices, as we sit here on our haunches and are unable to clear a bill. I ask again, where is the leadership in this body and in the other one to recognize the pain of the rural countryside?  Please support the motion to instruct and, more importantly, disgorge the farm portion of this bill and get it moving.  