Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), the ranking member, for yielding me this time.  Having recently returned from Israel, Lebanon, and the Palestinian Authority, I wish to urge the House to consider the great opportunity before us to use American food surpluses as a tool to build stability in the Middle East and aid in sustaining the peace process.  Mr. Speaker, as we debate the fiscal year 2000 Foreign Operations Appropriations conference report, I wish to focus the attention to the House on a nation in the Middle East is rarely mentioned on this floor, Lebanon. There are strong historical ties between the Lebanese people and the American people--ties that have been repeatedly reinforced by new generations of Lebanese who have immigrated to the United States.  Moreover, Mr. Speaker, as we, hopefully, move toward a lasting and just peace in the Middle East, we must recognize the importance of regional stability for the maintenance of that peace. Lebanon is critical to that stability. The pro-market orientation of Lebanon's economy has not alone been sufficient to create economic health in that country. The Lebanese people are struggling to rebuild a society and infrastructure devastated by 15 years of civil war.  We now have an opportunity to assist by allocating U.S. surplus commodities to Lebanon and allowing the proceeds of the sale of these commodities to be invested in medium and long-term development projects in that country.  A preliminary assessment by the Faculty of Agriculture and Food Security at the American University of Beirut suggests that commodities such as corn, soybeans, alfalfa, rice, and red meats would be well suited to the country's needs and circumstances. These commodities have high water requirements and are therefore not produced in water-scarce Lebanon.  Agriculture is an important sector in the Lebanese economy, and there are many areas in which its economic performance could be improved by investments in irrigation networks, an agricultural extension service, modern agricultural processing and marketing systems, scholarships, or endowments for agricultural science, establishment of a land resource database, or many other investments important to developing an agricultural economy.  Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to consider the importance of Lebanon to a long-lasting Middle East peace and urge the Departments of State and Agriculture to think creatively about ways to use American agricultural surpluses to sustain the peace process.  