  I am pleased to be offering this amendment today, along with Senators Kerry, Levin, Kennedy, Daschle, Wellstone, Simon, Harkin, Dodd, Kohl, Bingaman, Mikulski, Dorgan, and Wyden.  Mr. President, our amendment simply increases the level of investment this country will make in education and job training over the next 6 years. When Senator Magnuson, whose seat I now sit in, was here over two decades ago, education proponents were asking Congress to dedicate one-third of the Federal budget to education. Today, very sadly, a mere 3 percent of our budget is invested in our children's education.  Function 500's discretionary initiatives--the part of the budget that this amendment addresses--contain some of our most successful education and job training programs, including Head Start, title I, impact aid, school-to-work, vocational education, and education technology programs.  I can tell you, as a Senator who is a preschool teacher, a PTA member, a mother, and a Senator, that I know each of these programs makes a difference in the lives of our young people.  Mr. President, children are our Nation's most precious resource. I have heard so many of my colleagues say this. We know the next generation faces more challenges than any who came before them. They face a more competitive job market, rapidly changing occupations, more technology, and increasing international competition. Adequately funding function 500 is one of the best ways the Federal Government can prepare our children for the changing work force. It is a simple, commonsense investment. And it is an investment that yields big dividends quickly.  I, personally, have seen a Head Start student smile as she listened to a teacher read her a book for the very first time. I have talked with college students who would not be in school were it not for a Pell grant. I was on a school board that passed a bond to put technology into our classrooms because we knew that in our lifetime every student would need to be able to use the latest technology. I have been in schools like the Bethel School District, where students tell me school-to-work programs have changed their lives and brought personal success.  Quite frankly, I am a little disappointed that we need to offer this amendment today. We all know last year's budget debate was acrimonious. But, after much haggling, we were able to restore valuable education funds in the omnibus fiscal year 1996 appropriations bill. I commend Senators Specter, Harkin, Kennedy, and others for their hard work and dedication to getting that job done in the last budget. But, after all of this, I did not expect to see the new Republican budget propose another truly inadequate level for education and job training funds.  Now, I have heard the Republicans tell us their budget actually increases education spending by $3.1 billion over 6 years. Well, that is not the whole story. I have to tell my colleagues, that amount will not even keep pace with inflation. Nor will it match the amount needed to serve the Nation's increased enrollment projections. Student enrollment will increase 7 percent over the next 6 years, and next year's enrollment will be the highest national level since 1971. It is clear to me that, over 6 years, the Republican budget amounts to a cut--plain and simple. It is $26 billion below inflated fiscal year 1996 levels. It is a retreat from our responsibility to provide education and opportunity to the next generation of Americans, and it lacks the core values I believe most Americans hold.  Mr. President, as many of my colleagues know, I offered this amendment last week in the Budget Committee markup. Unfortunately, it was not accepted. It was rejected along party lines. But let me take a minute to describe this amendment a little bit further. This amendment increases function 500's 6-year spending level $56.1 billion over the Republican proposal. However, please note, this amendment falls short of what we would be spending under fiscal year 1995 prerescission levels.  I want to emphasize that point. This amendment spends $17.7 billion less than what would have been invested if the fiscal year 1996 prerescission policies were kept in place. The 1995 level is the most appropriate. However, I understand that that level is not fiscally possible because we all need to give a little as we move toward a balanced budget. I believe this amendment is truly a good-faith concession from the most acceptable education and job training funding level.  Finally, it is important to understand that this amendment is paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes and extending expired tax provisions. Our children--our young people are worth it.  Mr. President, I have held a series of town hall meetings throughout Washington State over the course of this past year. In Tacoma, Spokane, Yakima, and Vancouver people came together to talk about the responsibility adults have in improving the well-being of our children. We agreed to respect our differences, but to get beyond them to the things we can all agree on. Overwhelmingly, all adults and young people agreed we need to invest in our children's education.  In fact, whenever I talk with my friends and neighbors about the budget, they always tell me not to cut Federal investments in education and job training. They know Head Start works in Washington State. It serves 11,000 kids annually, but there are 6,000 more eligible children that could be served with increased funding.  I have seen firsthand the successes that come from our vocational education programs. We must remember that over 50 percent of our children will not go on to college, and they need to graduate with skills that give them real jobs. We know, vocational education and school-to-work programs help prepare those young adults to compete in the rapidly changing global marketplace.  I recently talked to a young woman who was waiting to hear if she would get a Pell grant this year. Her eyes filled with tears as she told me this was her one chance to get to college next fall.  I also know from personal experience, as a teacher, the progress being made in our public schools through title I funding and education technology grants. Sure, cutting education funds will not mean we stop teaching reading, writing, or math. But, if we do not pass this amendment it will mean one more child will not get the help they critically need to be a success one day.  Mr. President, these programs work in my home State. But, support for these programs is widespread. My colleagues may have seen a recent USA Today poll that showed 82 percent of Americans do not want to balance the budget if it means cutting education. We should listen to this message and do what our constituents recommend.  The debate over our fiscal priorities has come a long way since exactly 1 year ago, and Senator Domenici, chairman of the Budget Committee, deserves a lot of the credit for advancing this discussion and moving our Nation closer to a balanced budget. I believe the differences between the two parties has narrowed to a point where compromise is within reach. All we need now is the courage to do so.  Mr. President, last year's budget debate was painful for all of us. But, I know it was especially painful for our constituents--our hard-working friends and neighbors. They did not know why the budget debate forced the Government to shut down twice; one time for 3 straight weeks. They did not see that as progress. Instead, they saw it as just another example of what is wrong with Congress and the Government today.  I do not mention this to point fingers at any particular party, but as a reminder that the budget debate requires compromise if we hope to really serve the people.  In the end last year, we learned our Government is truly a democracy. We learned any successful budget agreement will need to be as broad and bipartisan as possible. Most importantly, we learned that it is possible to balance the Federal budget without retreating on education or hurting children.  The final appropriations bill increased education funding from the original proposal because we all recognized we needed to compromise on this critical area of funding. We have to do that again, now, with this budget and with the passage of this amendment.  Mr. President, I am optimistic we have learned from our mistakes and I am confident Congress and the President can come to terms on a balance budget plan. Both sides have come a long way over the course of a year. During the appropriations process, Republicans have acknowledged the need to increase funding for education, the environment, cops on the street, and AmeriCorps; and the President has submitted a CBO-certified balanced budget that includes cuts in Medicare and Medicaid.  Finally, Mr. President, I want to note that many of my colleagues argue for the Republican budget package by claiming it will benefit our children and grandchildren in the long run. They claim we will give our children a better economy and lower interest rates tomorrow by balancing the budget today. Well, this may be true, but they fail to note that this plan cuts our vital investments to do so; programs like Head Start, title I, Pell grants, and vocational education.  I fail to see how my children will be better off tomorrow without decent, quality education today. In fact, if my kids do not have an education, they will not get a job, and if they do not get a job, they will not be able to buy a home with those lower interest rates.  Mr. President, a businessman recently commented to me that a good business that plans to be here in the future cuts its budget carefully and invests in its most important resources. He said he feared this Congress appeared to be having a fire sale. We need to look ahead and say we do want to survive long into the future. This amendment helps get us there.  So, again, I say to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, when compared to prerescission 1995 levels, this amendment is a modest investment in education and job training and restores a core value I believe Americans hold: The belief that education is important. I strongly urge my colleagues to support Senator Kerry, myself, and others in supporting this critical amendment.  