 President, I rise to join the Senator from Nebraska in opposing the Kyl amendment. This amendment seeks to impede years of work to curb nuclear weapons proliferation and to ultimately resume the U.S. nuclear weapons testing program. The United States has not tested a nuclear weapon in the Nevada desert since late 1992; a nuclear silence of nearly 4 years. Thanks to the bipartisan leadership of Senator Hatfield and Senator Exon, the United States has been able to play a leadership role in the international drive to negotiate a comprehensive nuclear test ban treaty at the Conference on Disarmament.  I want to commend Senator Exon for his statesmanship on this issue. Sometimes known as a defense hawk, the Senator from Nebraska took this issue on after careful study several years ago. As far as I know, Senator Exon is one of the few Senators to actually visit the Nevada test site. Few in this body known as much about our nuclear weapons program and the arguments for and against nuclear testing as Senator Exon.  Strangely, as the July 28 deadline for reaching agreement on a comprehensive test ban treaty approaches, the U.S. Senate is considering an amendment to undo years of work to combat nuclear proliferation. Strangely, as President Clinton travels to the G-7 meeting in France to increase the pressure on our allies to reach agreement on a CTBT, the Senate is considering an amendment to undermine the President of the United States.  The proponents argue that their amendment will not interfere with negotiations. With all due respect, I strongly disagree with my colleagues claims regarding this amendment. The mere fact that the Senate is having this debate threatens the delicate talks now in the crucial final stages at the Conference on Disarmament. The proponents of this amendment did not support the Hatfield-Mitchell-Exon test ban moratorium legislation and I am sure they will lead the fight on theSenate floor against Senate ratification of a comprehensive test ban treaty.  The Senate has debated this issue at length on numerous occasions. The arguments against resuming nuclear weapons testing are as valid today as they were when 57 Senators voted to impose the nuclear weapons testing moratorium.  The administration has sent clear messages to the Senate in opposition to the Kyl amendment. John Holum, the Director of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency in a letter addressing the Kyl amendment states:       I want to emphasize our belief that this amendment could      undermine our efforts to negotiate a Treaty that would end      nuclear testing for all time by suggesting a possible U.S.      interest in resuming testing before the CTBT enters into      force, that does not, in fact exist.  Hazel O'Leary, the Secretary of Energy, issued the following statement:       The nuclear weapons testing moratorium instituted by the      Hatfield-Exon-Mitchell amendment has made a significant      contribution to the U.S. nuclear nonproliferation efforts.      During the duration of the moratorium, the U.S. stockpile of      nuclear weapons has remained safe and reliable. There is no      requirement to resuming testing or even to plan to resume      testing for safety or reliability or any other purpose, at      this time.  Finally, let me share with my colleagues a quote from another letter on the Kyl amendment from the National Security Council. The NSC letter states:       The Administration believes that the Kyl-Reid amendment is      not only not necessary, but it also entails a genuine risk of      delaying or derailing the CTBT negotiations just as we may      well be poised to achieve a global ban on nuclear testing.  The United States has conducted more than 1,000 nuclear weapons tests. Our nuclear weapons program and technological superiority is unequaled anywhere in the world. There simply is no sound argument in my mind to approve the Kyl legislation and repeal important provisions of the existing nuclear testing moratorium legislation. It is a giant step backward into an era of nuclear expansion and nuclear uncertainty.  Mr. President, we should listen to the words of ACDA Director John Holum, chief U.S. negotiator at the Conference on Disarmament. Some time ago, while addressing the Conference on Disarmament, Director Holum eloquently stated:       From the very first atomic blast at Alamagordo, mankind has      been struggling to recapture the ferocious beast unleashed      there. Since then, thousands of women and men of good will      and intellect----  