 President, I rise in strong opposition to the McConnell amendment. This amendment would continue the assault on our International Family Planning Assistance Program, and leave millions of families worldwide without these vital services.  In January, in hopes of averting another Government shutdown, the Senate attached the foreign operations appropriations bill to the continuing resolution. As a member of this subcommittee, I was happy to see these programs receive much needed funding. Unfortunately, the continuing resolution contained a provision that drastically cut funding for our international family planning programs.  Essentially, this language said that none of the appropriated funds can be spent until July 1. After that, money can only be spent on a month-to-month basis at a rate of 6.7 percent a month until the new fiscal year begins on October 1. The result of this is that funding for U.S. population assistance will be reduced by about 85 percent from last year's level. This is a disastrous situation that will severely hamper this program.  Mr. President, shortly after the last continuing resolution passed, Senator Hatfield vowed to fix this problem. I want to commend him for his leadership and action on this issue. Senator Hatfield's solution states: ``If the restrictions in current law will result in significantly more abortions as well as a greater unmet need for family planning services, the restrictions will be nullified.'' I think this is a responsible and direct approach.  Without the Hatfield language, millions of couples will lose access to these valuable services. There will be a higher incidence of unplanned pregnancies, an increase in infant deaths, and more women dying from unsafe conditions.  Ironically, by denying support to international family planning assistance, a vote for the McConnell amendment may well have the unintended effect of increasing the incidence of abortion.  Mr. President, the United States has been a leader in international population assistance since 1965. During that time, we have made significant progress in increasing access to health care, improving women's health worldwide, and providing family planning services. But this progress will stop if we don't fund the programs.  This last year, the Senate continually showed its support for international family planning and its funding. Now we have an opportunity to rectify a very troubling situation.  I strongly urge my colleagues to vote against the McConnell amendment and support the Hatfield language.  