 President, earlier today, I voted against House Joint Resolution 1, the so-called balanced budget amendment. Like last year, this amendment was defeated. And, once again, I want to take a minute to tell my colleagues why I voted the way I did.  Mr. President, this amendment is nothing more than a feel-good political gimmick. The balanced budget amendment makes for a good political sound bite. But, when looked at closely, one can see this amendment would have serious economic ramifications, tie the hands of our children and trivialize our Nation's constitution.  I am disappointed--but not completely surprised--the Senate decided to vote on this amendment during the height of the Presidential campaign season. We should not use the Nation's fiscal policies to create divides between our two parties. Rather, we should be working together to come to agreement on a common-sense balanced-budget plan that reflects American values--the belief we should care for our elderly, educate our children and preserve our quality of life.  We have made great progress this past year. The difference between our two parties has narrowed greatly. Everyone agrees we need to balance this Nation's budget, and we are closer than ever to reaching a budget compromise.  In fact, just 2 weeks ago, the so-called centrist balanced budget plan came within five votes of passing on this floor. And while I did not like every part of it, I supported it because it was the most credible attempt yet to actually reach a final compromise and get the job done.  Mr. President, we simply need to stay focused. We must remember a balanced budget constitutional amendment will not get the job done for us--political courage and tough decisions are the only things that will balance the budget.  Let's not forget the progress we have made these past 3 years. Since 1993, we have cut the deficit in half, and the Congressional Budget Office estimates this year's deficit will be as low as $130 billion. That's nothing to cheer about, but it's progress. And it's proof the President's 1993 deficit reduction plan has worked. And I am proud to say I voted for that plan.  So, Mr. President, we know we can balance the budget without tying our children's hands in the future. This amendment will make it impossible for future generations to determine our country's spending and revenue priorities. We will do that for them. They will be forced to live within tight spending constraints and they will be paying much higher taxes than we pay today.  And proponents of this amendment fail to explain that it will make it much more difficult for our country to deal with recessions. Like any good business, the government must invest today in order to succeed tomorrow. During recessions, the Government's revenue stream decreases and its need to provide unemployment insurance increases. In order to curtail a recession and energize the economy, the Government must invest in capital and its people. Quite simply, the balanced budget amendment will stifle the Nation's ability to correct economic downturns.  And let's not forget the Government oftentimes is needed to help States and local communities deal with the damage that results from natural disasters. Just last winter, my home State suffered severe flooding. The floods caused millions of dollars worth of damage and upset the local economy. The Federal Government helped Washington State residents cope with this disaster by pitching in $74.5 million. This is an important role the Federal Government must play. But, the balanced budget amendment would make this type of assistance impossible in the future.  Mr. President, balancing the budget requires tough choices. We have learned it takes dramatic spending cuts or tax increases or a combination of both. It cannot be done by cutting taxes. Last year, my Republican colleagues proposed $250 billion worth oftax cuts. I ask my colleagues, how would that huge tax cut proposal mesh with the constraints of the balanced budget constitutional amendment? Where would the offsets come from? Does this mean we would balance the budget by cutting important programs to pay for politically popular tax cuts?  Mr. President, these questions are important. We have already seen how the Republican majority would balance the budget. They would cut education and job training programs, strip environmental protections, and reduce payments to Medicare beneficiaries. We need to understand the consequences of passing this amendment, and we need to ask whether or not this Nation's most needy will be taken care of appropriately if it is passed.  Just as we must watch out for our most needy--those who cannot afford to buy a high-priced lobbyist to speak on their behalf--we need to consider how this amendment will impact small States. When determining how to make the cuts needed to balance the budget, the States with the most representatives will have the most influence over the decisions being made. I fear small States, like Washington State, will take a disproportionate hit when Congress determines how to make the cuts needed to balance the budget.  And, Mr. President, our wise Founding Fathers wanted Congress to control the Nation's purse strings because the legislative branch is the closest branch to the people--we understand the needs and priorities of our constituents. The balanced budget amendment could shift fiscal responsibility to the courts. If the President and the Congress disagree on spending and revenue priorities, the courts could be required to step in and decide the appropriate fiscal plan.  Mr. President, Supreme Court Justices are not responsible to the people of my home State. They are not elected, and they are not sent to the Nation's Capital to tend to the needs of my constituents.  We have amended the Constitution only 17 times since we adopted the Bill of Rights. We have never changed the Constitution lightly. Every previous amendment has expanded personal rights and outlined responsibilities. We have never amended the Constitution to insert an economic belief. And, fortunately, we did not do so today.  Mr. President, I voted against this amendment because I value the Constitution. I chose not to trivialize the importance of the U.S. Constitution by making it a forum for our annual fiscal decisions and the politics that accompany those decisions.  I have no doubt the Senate will debate this amendment again next year. I look forward to that debate, but I remind my colleagues that between now and then we can make that debate irrelevant. We can work together to find compromise, and we can work together to put together a sensible balanced budget agreement. And, I say, that would be the best thing for our children--that would be the real accomplishment that will truly benefit our children.  