 President, I rise today to express my extreme disappointment in the outcome of the House and Senate conference on the Department of Defense authorization legislation. The Senate's version of this legislation contained an amendment offered by myself and Senator Snowe to allow women servicemembers stationed abroad to obtain privately funded abortions at military facilities. It was very unfortunate that this provision was dropped from the final version of this legislation during negotiations between the Senate and the House.  Mr. President, my amendment simply restored a policy which responds to the unique needs of women serving overseas in our armed services. This policy, which was in place between 1973 and 1988 and between 1993 and 1996, allowed women to use private resources for medical abortion services at military hospitals. This policy is necessary to ensure the health and safety of women servicemembers because overseas health care facilities often do not provide comparable and safe care. Women serving our country in the Armed Forces deserve the same quality of care as women in the United States and to put them at risk is dangerous, unnecessary, and plain wrong.  Further, as I have said before, requiring a woman to travel to the United States to perform this procedure only delays a very time-sensitive procedure and increases the cost--both for the individual and the taxpayer--when a woman is stationed abroad.  We have had many debates in the 104th Congress about a woman's right to choose. My amendment simply guaranteed that women who serve in our Armed Forces have the same rights as women in the United States. It is a right women service personnel have held for most of the last 23 years.  Dropping my amendment is yet another in a long series of actions taken by this Congress to eliminate a woman's right to choose. From the first days of the 104th Congress to the closing hours of this second session, women have seen the new majority seek to undermine their rights at every opportunity. It saddens me to see the will of the Senate and the health care options of women serving in the Armed Forces traded away to the voices of extremism.  This Congress must know that the women and men of this country are awake and aware of these actions. We will be back. I assure you.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I rise today in support of the conference agreement on the fiscal year 1997 National Defense Authorization Act. I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, which represents a reasonable and balanced compromise between the House and Senate on a number of very difficult issues.  Mr. President, I want to take a few minutes to highlight just a few of the very positive aspects of this bill.  This bill provides $265.6 billion for defense activities for the coming fiscal year, implementing the decision of the Republican Congress to add $11.2 billion to the President's defense budget request. We fought hard for the last 2 years to add a total of $18 billion to the inadequate defense budgets of this administration, because we recognized the need to ensure both current and future readiness of our military services.  In the Readiness Subcommittee, we provided $1 billion more than the budget request for operations and maintenance of the Armed Forces, and $270 million more than requested for ammunition procurement. These increases will ensure sufficient funding for day-to-day operations and training for the coming fiscal year.  The bulk of the added funding was allocated to military modernization programs. The bill authorizes an additional $6 billion for procurement of modern weapons systems, including tactical aircraft, sealift and airlift assets, improved communications systems, surveillance and reconnaissance, and other important warfighting equipment. The bill also adds $2.6 billion for research and development to maintain the technological edge of our military forces on the battlefields of the future, including a significant increase in both theater and national missile defense programs.  The bill also includes a number of legislative provisions which, I believe, will serve the best interests of the taxpayer and the Department of Defense.  First, the bill includes a new discretionary waiver of domestic source restrictions for our allies with whom we have reciprocal defense procurement agreements. This provision, which was included in the Senate bill, will provide the needed flexibility for the Secretary of Defense to purchase the best equipment at the lowest price for our military services. It will also help to promote continued free trade among our allies, rather than threatening reciprocal trade in defense items by restricting the United States to buying only American-made products. In my view, this is one of the most important provisions in this bill because of its potential to save money and preserve our longstanding positive defense trade balances with our allies.  The bill also authorizes $14 million in a newly established account under thecontrol of the Secretary of Defense for antiterrorism activities and programs. This provision was added to make funds available for urgent, emergency requirements necessary to deter or defend against terrorism directed at our military personnel. The bombing of the U.S. military housing complex in Dhahran demonstrated the need for such an account.  Last year, the Congress approved the enactment of several provisions related to accounting for missing service personnel which the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and our warfighting CINC's opposed, arguing that they would interfere with their ability to conduct their missions in the event of war. This bill repeals several of those provisions without harming or limiting in any way the ability of the Department of Defense to continue its intensive program to locate and recover the remains of all those missing in action in wartime.  I am particularly pleased that the conferees agreed to drop from the bill both the Senate and House provisions regarding discharge of military personnel who test positive for the HIV virus. This allows the Department of Defense to continue its current policy of non-discrimination and fair treatment of all military personnel with conditions which prevent them from deploying with their units.  The bill authorizes compensation for Vietnamese commandoes who participated in United States wartime operations in Vietnam and were captured by North Vietnam. Payment of these amounts is a matter of fairness and is long overdue.  The conferees also approved a Senate provision, cosponsored by myself, Senators Lieberman, Coats, and Robb, which directs the Department of Defense to conduct a new assessment of U.S. national security strategy and military force structure requirements. This provision provides specific guidance to the Department for its Quadrennial Defense Review. The provision also establishes a nonpartisan panel of national security experts to review the Department's work and to provide an independent assessment of alternative force structures and strategies. In light of the continuing changes in the post-cold-war world, I believe it is necessary to conduct such a comprehensive reassessment of our national security posture.  The bill also requires the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to provide an assessment of the readiness requirements of each of the services, using a tiered readiness concept that I discussed in a March 1996 white paper. This report is important to the development of this concept, which could result in savings in operation and maintenance funding which could be reallocated to the modernization accounts where a significant shortfall remains.  The bill also includes language requiring fair pricing of United States military equipment to be transferred to Bosnia under existing drawdown authority. Since the equip and train program for the Bosnian Muslims is an essential part of the exit strategy for United States troops serving in the peace implementation force [IFOR] in Bosnia, it is essential that the program be implemented properly and promptly if we are to meet the end-of-1996 withdrawal deadline for IFOR.  Finally, the bill includes a provision requiring organizers of civilian sporting events to reimburse the Department of Defense for the cost of providing security and other support services, only if the event makes a profit. This provision is designed to ensure that defense dollars are available for defense purposes, but it will have no effect on the availability of our military services to provide needed security assistance at these events.  Again, I thank Chairman Thurmond and his staff for achieving such an excellent conference agreement on these important issues.  At the same time, Mr. President, I regret that the conferees deleted the Senate's provisions related to competitive allocation of workload among public and private maintenance depots. The Senate tried to take a positive step toward fair and open competition for depot maintenance work. I am sorry that the conferees were unable to agree to include these provisions, because it could have saved the taxpayers money and allowed the Pentagon to shed excess capacity at its government-owned depots.  The most controversial aspect of the depot issue is the 60-40 rule which requires that at least 60 percent of all funds expended on depot maintenance be spent in public depots, owned and operated by the Department of Defense. I believe that this 60-40 rule is arbitrary and prevents the Department of Defense from taking actions that could potentially result in a savings of billions of dollars. I would like to point to a recent report by the Congressional Budget Office entitled ``Reducing the Deficit: Spending and Revenue Options.'' This report contains a section dealing with the depot issue and the potential savings that could be realized by relying upon the private sector to perform much of the work that the current 60-40 rule requires to be performed by the public depots. According to this report, cumulative savings after 6 years might amount to roughly $400 million, rising to over $3 billion after 10 years if the total workload assigned to public depots on a sole source basis is reduced to 30 percent. CBO estimates that, in the long run, DOD might save on the order of $1 billion annually if it used public depots only for those tasks that could not be handled competitively in the private sector. Estimated savings of shifting from public to private production range from 20 to 40 percent.  Mr. President, although readiness has been used as the justification for maintaining the arbitrary 60-40 rule, I believe that it is a justification without foundation. DOD already relies on the private sector to repair many specialized components on its most up-to-date systems. Furthermore, since we rely upon the private sector industrial capability to supply our military forces with this equipment, it seems unreasonable to distrust this same private sector capability to maintain the equipment.  That is the only major legislative provision which was resolved in a way that I cannot approve. In fact, let me say that I was very pleased with the resolution of a number of legislative provisions adopted in the last few days of the Senate's consideration of this bill. The conferees chose to remove legislative earmarks for all of these projects and considered each on a case-by-case basis. Of the most egregious legislative earmarks attached to the bill, none were included in this final conference agreement as legislative earmarks. For that wise decision, I thank the conferees.  However, Mr. President, I note with serious disappointment that many of the special interest and pork-barrel items, to which I objected in the additional views I filed with the Committee, are included in this conference agreement.  These programs are: $850 million in unrequested, low-priority military construction projects--$150 million more than the Senate-passed bill; $780 million for unrequested Guard and Reserve equipment, including $189.6 million for four C-130J aircraft; $470.7 million for nine additional C-130J aircraft, only one of which was requested by the Air Force; $15 million for continued aurora borealis research and construction of the High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program [HAARP], for which there is no current military requirement or validated use; $13 million for an unnecessary, duplicative, and cumbersome bureaucracy for oceanographic research, which the Navy does not need or want; and $701 million for advance procurement of a second new attack submarine, and language repeating the earmarking of these new submarines divided evenly between Newport News Shipbuilding and Electric Boat Shipyard.  Mr. President, these pork-barrel projects add up to approximately $2.8 billion. I am astonished that, once again, after fighting hard to sustain a much-needed increase in the defense budget, the conferees chose to spend these funds on pork.  Last year, we wasted $4 billion, or more than half of the total defense budget increase, on pork-barrel projects. I suppose this year's bill shows progress of a sort--we are only wasting $2.8 billion.  But, Mr. President, I will say again that the American people will not stand for this type of wasteful spending of their tax dollars. If, we, in Congress refuse to halt the pork-barreling, it will be more and more difficult to explain to the American people why weneed to maintain adequate defense spending. I would prefer that the $2.8 billion wasted on pork-barrel projects had not been included in the bill. I hope that, next year, with the very real threat of a line-item veto of some of these items, the Congress will stop wasting defense dollars on these kind of special interest items.  Mr. President, let me conclude by saying, again, that I believe this is, overall, a very good conference agreement on the Defense authorization bill. Chairman Thurmond, Senator Nunn, and the staff on both sides of the Senate Armed Services Committee should be commended for their excellent work. I urge my colleagues to support this conference agreement.  