 President, I thank the distinguished chairman and ranking member of the Commerce Committee, as well as Senator Gorton and Congressman Metcalf, for their work on this bill.  We have reached an agreement on the provisions regarding the Northwest Straits of Washington State which I think will serve everyone's best interest. My amendment to the House passed bill deletes language establishing a local advisory committee under the control of NOAA, while retaining the requirement that final designation of a marine sanctuary in the Northwest Straits occur only via congressional authorization.  I was concerned that the creation of a NOAA-controlled advisory committee would undermine the very intent of bringing local community members together to consider the resource protection needs of the Northwest Straits in an objective and open forum. Many members of the local communities have serious concerns about the performance of NOAA over the last several years with regard to the proposed sanctuary. To establish a new advisory committee under NOAA's control would only perpetuate those concerns. I think it is much better if such local commissions or committees develop on their own, independent from the NOAA process, much as the Marine Resources Committee in the San Juan Islands has done.  It is my understanding that as NOAA continues with its assessment of the resource protection needs of the Northwest Straits, it will provide personnel and technical expertise and information to any local advisory committees or commissions that may develop and will include any recommendations put forward by such committees or commissions in NOAA's assessment.  My amendment will allow us to move this important bill forward with bipartisan consensus. I appreciate the significant role the Marine Sanctuaries Program plays in the protection of our Nation's ocean resources. The protection of marine life and marine habitat is a worthy goal. Marine sanctuaries may not only protect the marine environment but may also support regional economies by creating recreational and tourism opportunities and enhancing commercial fisheries and associated industries by providing refuges for fish and other marine life. I fully support this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support our agreement.  