 President, I would like to explain why I voted against this product liability conference report.  All of us in this room have heard horrific stories about people who got hurt when they did stupid or silly things with a product and then recovered tremendous amounts of money from innocent businesses. Those few stories have gotten a lot of mileage. They have gotten us to a conference report that takes power from consumers and gives it to corporations.  Mr. President, I am a mother who wants to be responsible for passing laws that improve the chances for my children to live healthy, safe lives. I am glad that victims have used the current State-based product liability laws to force manufacturers to make safe toys, nonflammable pajamas, and cars and trucks that don't explode. The current legal system forced companies to be responsible or face the possibility of significant financial loss.  I also want to be responsible for passing laws that provide the hard working men and women of this country an opportunity to be fully compensated for injuries that are a direct result of products they use in the workplace. This conference report makes it much harder for our workers to recover damages from those responsible for their injuries. It is designed to give advantage to corporations and disadvantage to our workers through its limits on joint liability for noneconomic damages, on punitive damages, and on seller liability, as well as its broadly drawn defenses to liability, such as the statute of repose.  In addition, I want to support legislation that allows our citizens to trust that the medical devices they are receiving are safe. So many women needlessly suffered when the maker of silicone gel breast implants refused to heed initial warning signs that their product was flawed. Today, there is no dispute that there is a strong correlation between silicone breast implants and serious health disorders, including joint and muscle pain, tremors, and autoimmune diseases. And, unfortunately, not all of the victims of these implants are known. For those who have not yet filed, this bill will block them from seeking redress from this grossly negligent company. That is wrong.  Finally, I want to be responsible for legislation that improves our citizens' quality of life. This bill could severely limit lawsuits involving products that damage the environment, such as pesticides and toxic chemicals. In particular, the provision addressing joint andseveral liability could make it nearly impossible for victims to receive full and fair compensation for harm caused by a mixture of toxic substances where a victim is unable to prove the percentage of damage caused by each chemical. Especially now, when we see efforts to scale back Government's role in environmental protection, the civil justice system is an even more important mechanism for deterring environmental degradation.  I know that responsible businesses feel threatened by the current system. I believe we should seek to reform and improve our system. But this approach is too sweeping. We need to take smaller steps and make more incremental reforms.  Mr. President, I have voted against this conference report for all of the above reasons. I cannot support a products liability law that shifts power from the States to the Federal Government and takes power away from our children, the elderly and working people and gives it to the companies that produce harmful products.  