 I am happy to announce that contained in this bill is $3 million for the newly created Pacific Northwest HIDTA. This will help enormously as we try to coordinate our efforts among Federal, State, and local law enforcement to fight not only methamphetamines, but all other illegal drugs and drug trafficking in our region.  The Department of Justice has also developed the National Methamphetamine Strategy--April 1996. This report is referenced in a colloquy I will have, in conjunction with this omnibus spending bill, with Chairman Hatfield and Senator Hollings about the need to address methamphetamines. This plan, which will be partially implemented when S. 1965 becomes law, lays out a legislative, law enforcement, training, chemical regulation, international cooperation, environmental protection, public awareness, educational, and treatment strategy. The multidisciplinary, multijurisdictional program provides the needed comprehensive approach to this problem.  Finally, money is critical. While I do not support simply throwing Federal dollars at this problem, the need for Federal support to help in coordination activities, technical assistance, and training cannot be minimized. In the bill we have before us, we make some major improvements in our war against these and other drugs. The DEA's budget was increased by 23 percent--that's a start. The U.S. Attorneys Office received funding for additional attorney's, which are critically needed. The Office of National Drug Control Policy received new money and additional HIDTA's. So, I believe this budget moves us in the right direction.  As I have suggested in the colloquy, I intend to work with my colleagues in Congress and in the administration to develop a funding and technical assistance strategy to address the unique problems posed by methamphetamines and clandestine labs. Our local and State law enforcement officials simply must have adequate money, training, and technical expertise to address the costly and dangerous threats posed by clandestine labs. I will then work to ensure funds are targeted to this vital area in the fiscal year 1998 budget.  Mr. President, as with all social and criminal problems, change can only occur if and when we all do our part. I pledge to work with Federal, State and local law enforcement, community leaders, my colleagues, and others to find a way to stop the spread of illegal drugs, including methamphetamines. I am committed to improving the quality of life, safety, and security of our children and communities. I look forward to continuing this important work in the 105th Congress.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Brown). The clerk will call roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  