 President, I rise in strong support of this bipartisan bill. It contains funding for many programs and projects important to our Nation and my region. I thank Chairman Domenici and Senator Johnston--and their very capable staffs--for the superb jobs they have done.  Cleanup and restoration of the Hanford site is one of my top priorities. In this bill, the Department of Energy's Environmental Management program is well funded. While I disagree with the allocation of resources between defense and nondefense programs in the majority's budget, I appreciate that some of that extra defense money goes to worthwhile programs, like environmental management.  One aspect of the EM program that continues to trouble me is the approach the Department has taken to privatization at Hanford. I appreciate the subcommittee's effort to minimize the impact of privatization by suggesting that only $150 million, rather than $185 million, be taken from the tank farm operating budget in order tomake a down payment on the tank waste remediation program. Senators Gorton, Domenici, Johnston, and I have sent a letter to the Department asking a number of questions about this approach to privatization. While I am a supporter of privatization, I believe sweeping changes must be well thought out and should not harm ongoing efforts to stabilize the tank farms.  Mr. President, this administration has done a terrific job of moving Hanford cleanup forward. For years, Hanford has been largely a money hole into which enormous Federal dollars were thrown, but little was accomplished. I want to recognize the accomplishments of Secretary O'Leary's Department of Energy and the people at Hanford who have done such an outstanding job of reducing costs and increasing results.  Let me share some of the latest results at Hanford.  There are several specific cleanup programs that have made significant progress recently. One of those is at the Plutonium Uranium Extraction [PUREX] Plant where the criticality system was shut off forever last month. The alarm is not necessary because there is no longer a chance of a nuclear accident at the 40-year-old plant. This shows tremendous progress and is evidence of the dedication of Hanford employees--who reached this goal 16 months ahead of schedule and $47 million under budget.  The K-basin's spent fuel project is also on track. The canister storage building is 15 percent complete and the managers estimate they can begin large-scale spent fuel removal by December 1997. At that time, fuel will be removed from both K-basins to be cleaned, loaded into baskets, placed in multi-canister overpacks, dried in a cold vacuum, and placed in the canister storage building. Already, several hundred spent fuel canisters have been removed and cleaned; and the system is working as planned. Another point of interest is that project acceleration decisions made and implemented in 1995 have saved $350 million and will allow the project to be completed 4 years early. This is great progress.  The Pacific Northwest National Laboratory is in the final stages of construction of the new Environmental Molecular Sciences Laboratory [EMSL]. The lab is a critical component of our efforts to develop the scientific understanding needed to create innovative and cost-effective technologies for environmental remediation. EMSL scientists will research soil and water quality, waste characterization, processing, and health effects. This state-of-the-art facility will complement the Hanford cleanup mission and make a positive contribution to many of our most troubling environmental and pollution problems.  Mr. President, I appreciate the commitment of this body and the administration to the cleanup of former defense production sites, like Hanford. I pledge to work with my colleagues to see that progress continues and that the Federal Government fulfills its responsibility to the people of this Nation who fought and won the cold war.  I would also like to voice my strong support for an amendment offered by Senator Jeffords regarding funding for renewable energy. In the last 2 years, funding for wind, solar, and other renewable energy research and development programs has been cut by almost 40 percent. Last year, the Senate restored some of the funding for these important programs, but eventually the renewables program lost ground in conference with the House. I want to lend my voice to many of my colleagues who support renewable energy and see such programs as a critical component of the Federal Government's commitment to future generations and a healthy environment.  Again, I thank Senators Domenici and Johnston for their work on this important bill and urge my colleagues to support final passage.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  