 President, I would like to take this opportunity to commend Senator Bond for his leadership on small business issues, and lend my support to the Small Business Regulatory Fairness Act, which will lessen regulatory burdens imposed on small businesses by Federal agencies.  Mr. President, I have talked with many small business owners in my home State and one thing they all tell me is how difficult and costly it has become to comply with many of the Federal regulations imposed upon the. Among other things, this legislation will require agencies to publish materials in plain language to help small businesses comply with regulations.The bill will also enhance the small business communities' voice with the Small Business Administration by providing them a role in determining future regulations.  When I was growing up, my father ran a small business in Bothell, WA. I know the time and energy small business people put into their companies. And, throughout my term, I have worked to reform a Government that continues to hamper small business owners.  I was a cosponsor of the S-Corporation Reform Act of 1993, and returned as a cosponsor of S. 758 last year, which would remove obsolete provisions from the tax code, making it easier for small businesses to raise capital. I cosponsored the Family Health Insurance Protection Act which would provide health insurance market reform for small businesses and families. And, on the first full day of this Congress, I introduced the American Family Business Preservation Act which would reduce the rate of estate tax imposed on a family owned business, encouraging families to keep their businesses intact. And, as many of my colleagues will remember, last Congress, we fixed a problem that has been plaguing small businesses that wanted to refinance their SBA 503 loans. Now, many small businesses in Washington State and across the country will be able to refinance their 503 loans.  Mr. President, I strongly believe Government cannot solve every problem in this country, but it can foster a healthy economic environment in which all businesses may prosper. I encourage each of my colleagues to support S. 942. The Small Business Regulatory Fairness Act continues our work by reducing redtape and making it easier for our small businesses to comply with often burdensome Federal regulations. I believe this is the type of reform our small businesses want and deserve.  