 President, I rise today as a strong proponent of the bill before us H.R. 3539, the Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization bill. This legislation does provide critical aviation safety and reform efforts and it is the principle authority for aviation infrastructure investments.  The importance of this bill only underscores the time and serious attention, Members in this Chamber have given to the legislation's express carrier provision. I have listened closely over the last few days to colleagues whom I deeply respect, on both sides of this issue and both sides of the aisle.  As much as I want to see the FAA bill pass, I believe we must focus on the question of fairness. Did this provision, we are now debating receive enough public comment and undergo hearings necessary to adequately judge the change? Is this provision so insignificant, that it can be quickly addressed in the rush to adjourn? Are we creating a priority system that places specific companies above others?  These questions are serious and far-reaching. This provision raises too many concerns and justifies this Chamber's serious examination of the language. First, one must look at the legislative history of this rider. There has never been a hearing on this provision in a House subcommittee or full committee. Neither have there been any hearings on this provision in a Senate subcommittee or full committee.  There have been previous attempts to attach the rider to omnibus appropriations bills, the National Transportation Safety Board reauthorization and the Railroad Unemployment Act. All of these attempts to insert this controversial language have failed.  The rider was not on this bill as it passed the House and was not included in the Senate's original FAA reauthorization bill until it reached the conference committee. There are even jurisdictional questions to be answered as the House required a special rule just to consider the provision. In the end, 198 Members of Congress opposed the FAA bill with this added rider.  Second, as debate continues on this provision, it becomes clear that this is not simply a technical correction. The term ``express carrier'' has been obsolete for years and was purposely removed from the Railway Labor Act and the Interstate Commerce Act when Congress passed the ICC Termination Act last year. Express carrier was removed, simply because no express carrier existed since the mid-1970's.  Congress is charged with promoting an equal playing field for all. Unfortunately, what appeared to be an innocuous correction has become a dangerous reclassification. We must ensure that employees of one company have the same opportunities as those employees in other similar organizations.  Many will try to boil this issue down into another labor battle. I prefer to look at the provision as one that denies a specific group of employees, basic rights in the workplace. These opportunities are already granted to these employees' colleagues.  All of us are ready for adjournment. Many have felt that they've become hostage to an insignificant technical correction with little impact. Our 4 days of debate will one day, however, appear insignificant. Especially in contrast to the thousands of workers who will forever be held hostage by this language.  Mr. President, let's act reasonably. Let's act rationally and by all means let's adjourn. But let's leave this session with a clear conscience and a bill we can all live with, confident that we did not act in haste or shortsightedness.  In the interest of good Government and good public policy, let's remove the provision and re-examine it through the normal legislative process. In the interest of good Government and good public policy, lets pass the FAA bill without this express provision. This legislation is strong enough on its own merits. I am certain the House will recognize its responsibility to come back and finish a job, so critical to America's workers.  