 President, this past February, over 4 months ago, I took the Senate floor to announce my cosponsorship of S. 1219. As I spoke about how unique this bill is--one of the only truly bipartisan attempts to reform campaign laws in two decades--I could not help thinking to myself, ``here we go again.''  I have only been a Senator for a little over 3 years. In Senate terms, that is not very long. But I have been here long enough to see campaign finance reform come up, and be killed. In the 103d Congress, shortly after the 1992 elections, I proudly cosponsored campaign reform legislation. I was eager to answer the voters' hopes for cleaner, more thoughtful politics.  I watched colleagues come to the floor, proclaim the need for reforms, and declare their support for good legislation. The Senate passed that bill, S. 3, and sent it to the House. A short time later, I saw it killed amidst partisan bickering, despite the mad scramble of Senators wanting to be seen as leading the charge for reforms.  In the end, nothing was accomplished, and here we are today living under the same campaign system that has created so much cynicism and mistrust among the voters.  So when I endorsed S. 1219, I thought ``here we go again'' because I was embarking on my second attempt to reform campaign laws. But this time, instead of thinking we could simply pass a bill and send it to the White House, I knew we had our work cut out for us.  Now it is June, and the 104th Congress will adjourn in a few months. While we are only now taking up campaign reform, I am still encouraged. For the first time in a long time, the Senate is considering a truly bipartisan bill. It has not been drafted by one party or another to give themselves a leg up.  It has been drafted by a Republican and a Democrat, John McCain and Russ Feingold, because they know that until the two parties come together and focus on common sense reforms we can all agree on, nothing will get done. It is supported by thoughtful new Senators like Fred Thompson of Tennessee and Carol Moseley-Braun of Illinois who, like me, were elected to make changes in the political system.  We have a very narrow window of opportunity today. It is narrow because we have only a few months left in this Congress, and we have a lot of work to do. It is an opportunity because it is a bipartisan bill, free of taint, and maybe--just maybe--capable of restoring some faith to the people. In light of this, it is critical that we move quickly.  I urge my colleagues to stop, look, and listen. Listen to people at the coffee shops. Talk to friends, to family members. Walk through a neighborhood. A basic, fundamental lack of faith in Government lays at the root of peoples' concerns about the future. Until something dramatic happens to address public confidence in the political system, we can expect the gap between the people and their Government to widen.  There is nothing I can think of that would be worse for this country; for alienation breeds apathy, and apathy erodes accountability. America is the greatest democracy the world has ever known, and it was built on the principle of accountability: government of the people, by the people, for the people. We simply must restore peoples' faith in their Government.  At the core of the problem is money in politics. Right now the system is designed to favor the rich, at the expense of the middle class. It benefits the incumbents, at the expense of challengers. And most of all, it fuels the special interest, inside-the-beltway machine at the expense of the average person back home.  The average person feels like they can no longer make a difference in this system. Earlier this year, my campaign received a $15 donation from a woman in Washington State. She included a note to me that said, ``Senator Murray, please make sure my $15 has as much impact as people who give thousands.''  She knows what she is up against, but she is still willing to make the effort. Unfortunately, people like her are fewer and farther between, and less willing than ever to try to make a difference.  We see her problem when people like Ross Perot or Steve Forbes are able to use personal wealth to buy their way into the national spotlight. Ninety-nine percent of the people in America could never even imagine making that kind of splash in politics. Should we rely only on the benevolence of a few wealthy individuals to ensure strong democracy in this country? I don't think that is what the Founding Fathers had in mind.  The political consultants will say negative ads work, because they, quote, ``move the numbers.'' They will say we need to raise millions of dollars because that is what it takes to get a message out.  But that ignores the reality in Main Street America every day. The very campaigns they say we need to run to win are bleeding the life out of our political system. Every time we go through an election with expensive, negative campaigns, we pay a severe price in voter participation and citizen apathy.  Add up election, after election, after election in the modern political era, and elected officials are facing a huge bill for accountability they may not be able to pay. I fear that once lost, citizens may never re-engage in their democratic system.  During this debate, I have heard Senators take issue with certain provisions in S. 1219. I have heard colleagues question the constitutionality of spending limits. I have heard them make the case that this bill takes the wrong approach. I have heard them argue for reform, but not this way.  Mr. President, these arguments miss the point entirely. The upcoming vote is not about whether you agree with every provision of S. 1219. It is about whether this Senate is willing to step up and pass campaign reform legislation this year.  I myself am not completely satisfied with S. 1219. The McCain-Feingold bill is very broad, and does something about nearly every aspect of the system: It restricts political action committee contributions; it imposes voluntary spending limits; it provides discounted access to broadcast media for advertising; it provides reduced rates for postage; it prohibits taxpayer-financed mass mailings on behalf of incumbents during an election year; it discourages negative advertising; it tightens restrictions on independent expenditures; and it reforms the process of soft money contributions made through political parties.  Mr. President, these are very strong, positive steps, especially the ones addressing independent expenditures. Over the past few years, through the so-called Gingrich Revolution, we have seen an explosion of campaign spending by special interest groups, many from Washington, DC, attempting to swing elections in their own favor. These expenditures are ideologically driven, often highly partisan, and serve only to manipulate voters in the most sinister way. They corrupt our elections. They are not disclosed, so we do not know who makes them, and they violate the spirit of every disclosure requirement in law today.  If enacted as a package, all the steps I just mentioned would make our system of electing Federal officials more open, competitive, and fair. I feel strongly that we must take such steps to re-invigorate peoples' interest in the electoral process, and in turn to restore their confidence in the system.  There are some provisions in S. 1219 that could be problematic, however. For example, the bill would require 60 percent of a candidates' donors to reside within his or her State. This might work fine for someone from NewYork or California. However, it could put small-state candidates at a real disadvantage, particularly if their opponent is independently wealthy.  I also question the ban on PAC's. Under the right regulations, I believe PAC's have a legitimate role in the process, for two reasons. First, PAC's are fully disclosed, and subject to strict contribution limits. That means we have a very detailed paper trail from donor to candidate for everyone to see. Second, they give a voice to individual citizens like women and workers and teachers who, if not organized as a group, might not be able to make a difference in the process.  A serious question about PAC's remains, however: do they unfairly benefit incumbents at the expense of challengers? This is a legitimate question, and one I think we should focus on closely in this debate.  Finally, I am deeply concerned about how this bill would effect organized fundraising by third party groups that do not even lobby Congress. Groups like EMILY's List and WISH List support pro-choice women candidates of both parties, though they do not actually lobby Congress on legislation.  They give people of modest means like me an opportunity to compete on the electoral playing field. For too long, this field has been dominated only by wealthy, well financed candidates, establishment candidates, or incumbents. In my 1992 campaign I was out-spent nearly three-to-one. Without the support of groups like this, I would not have even been able to make the race.  By banning these groups, S. 1219 would send a signal to people everywhere: do not even think about playing this game unless you can afford the price of admission.  However, as I said a moment ago, this vote is not about every little detail. Let us remember something: this whole debate--arguments for and against--comes against the backdrop of a campaign finance system that has not been reformed since Watergate, over 20 years ago. Public faith in government today has sunk below what it was in 1974. So in spite of my personal concerns, I will vote to invoke cloture on the McCain-Feingold bill. And after cloture is invoked, I will support amendments that address the issues I have raised.  Right now, we need to move forward. People in this country want to feel ownership over their elections; they want to feel like they, as individuals, have a role to play and can make a positive difference. Right now, for better or worse, not many people feel that way, and the trend is going the wrong direction. Real campaign reform will be the strongest, easiest step this Senate could take to begin restoring peoples' faith in the process.  Set aside the legalistic, technical arguments for a moment. Get out from behind all the procedural maneuvering. Put aside partisan leanings. We have an opportunity right now, today, to show the voters something. We can put pressure on the other body to act on similar legislation. We can actually move reform efforts forward in a credible way, and get something done this year.  A citizen from New Hampshire, Frank McConnell, made a good case just the other day. He came to Washington to push this bill, and he said if Congress wanted to, if it really wanted to, it could do the work and have a bill to the President's desk in a couple weeks.  We know the President would sign it, because he said so in his State of the Union Address earlier this year. Frank McConnell was right: if we want to, we can just do it. Here we are again. We are considering campaign reform legislation. There is not much time left. I thank the two sponsors of this bill, Senator McCain and Senator Feingold, and I urge my colleagues to step up and support the motion to invoke cloture.  