 President, I ask my colleagues to join us in assuring that we can go back to the table and pass an appropriate D.C. appropriations bill. There is inappropriate language in this bill on Davis-Bacon, there is inappropriate language in here that puts conditions on a woman's right to choose, and we have heard much over the last hour and a half about the inappropriate language on vouchers that is included in this bill.  There have been many eloquent statements by my colleagues in opposition to the vouchers, but let us stop for a minute and ask, who wins under a voucher system? Do the parents? Do they really get a choice? Not really, Mr. President. The private school administrators will have more of a choice in students that they will be able to select for their private schools, but parents, unless they have the money that they will need, will truly not have a choice. And they will not have a choice if school administrators say ``no'' to their child.  Will the students win under a voucher system? There is no evidence that students will win. In fact, in Milwaukee, which has had a voucher program for 5 years, test scores of voucher students did not rise. There is no evidence that students do better.  Will the public schools win? Hardly. We have heard many arguments about the money that is currently out there that will be taken from our public school system that will not be used for every child in America to assure that we continue to make sure that every child has the opportunity to get a good education in this country. Public schools will clearly not be a winner.  Will private schools be a winner under a voucher system? Hardly. Private schools will have taxpayer dollars coming into their schools. They will then have to respond to taxpayers as to how they spend their money. They will have oversight and they will have to respond to all of us who pay our taxes for vouchers if they decide to buy equipment or supplies. They will have to be responsive to taxpayers because it will be taxpayers' money that they are using. I hardly think that the private schools will win under this voucher system.  Will the taxpayers win? No, they will not. It is merely moving money around.  If we were to pass a voucher system today, we would have to write a check for every student who is currently in a private school, in terms of a voucher. That will amount to billions of dollars. If we do it in a small district like the District of Columbia, just take a look at the number of students who are currently in private schools. If a voucher system passes, do the students who are currently enrolled in private school get a check or do new students coming in get those checks?  