 President, I rise in support of the conference agreement to H.R. 3754, the fiscal year 1997 legislative branch appropriation bill.  I commend Senator Mack for his leadership of the managers on the part of the Senate. I also compliment the House conferees, particularly the House subcommittee chairman, Mr. Packard, and his minority counterpart, Mr. Thornton. Their obvious knowledge of this legislation certainly played a large part in the expeditious manner in which this conference proceeded.  All in all, Mr. President, this is a good conference agreement. In most cases, we split the difference with the House with respect to the funding levels for the related agencies in this bill. One exception is the funding for the Joint Economic Committee. The Senate-passed bill funded that committee at a level of $750,000 and the House-passed bill at a level of $3,000,000. The conferees agreed to a funding level of $2,750,000 with language stating that the long-term need for this committee should be reviewed and that funding for the committee is expected to be phased down to zero in the future.  In addition, I was pleased that the House accepted my amendment regarding the disposal of excess computer equipment to public schools. And, at the recommendation of Congressmen Fazio and Serrano, the House included language stating that they support this policy for excess House computer equipment.  Mr. President, I note that section 312 of the House-passed bill, the issue of so-called dynamic scoring, was dropped from the conference agreement. As Members are aware from previous statements I have made on the floor, I steadfastly opposed this provision and, therefore, am pleased to report that the House agreed to remove this provision from the conference agreement.  In closing, I again commend this Legislative Branch Subcommittee chairman, Senator Mack, for his leadership and for the spirit of bipartisanship in which he operates. Many difficult issues have arisen with respect to this legislation over the 2 years of his subcommittee chairmanship and he has unfailingly faced those issues and resolved them in a fair and objective way on a nonpartisan basis. He has always endeavored to keep me fully informed on all matters coming before the subcommittee, for which I am deeply appreciative.  I urge the support of this conference agreement by all Members.  