 President, I rise to express my displeasure with House Concurrent Resolution 178, the Republican budget resolution, and my disappointment that the budget was not improved during the House-Senate conference. Rather, the budget has grown even more troubling since going into conference. And I want to take a few minutes to discuss some of the provisions that concern me.  Two weeks ago, I voted against the Senate Republican budget resolution because it failed to reflect the priorities and values held by most Americans--the belief that we need to ensure our quality of life, educate our children, and care for our elderly and disabled.  The majority party could have improved the budget in the House-Senate conference meeting. They could have acknowledged the growing support for the centrist budget and the strong desire to reach a true balanced budget compromise. We should not forget the Chafee-Breaux balanced budget proposal received 46 votes, and I was proud to be among them. It received strong bipartisan support, and it is proof that Congress can get the job done.  Mr. President, House Concurrent Resolution 178 took an extreme Senate Republican budget and made it worse. Rather than moving toward the centrist budget, the Republican leadership yielded to some disturbing House positions. Their actions lead me to believe some Republicans want gridlock--they do not want a balanced budget compromise.  For instance, House Concurrent Resolution 178 includes a section known as the Government shutdown prevention allowance, or section 307. This section quite simply confirms the Republican strategy not to reward the American people with a balanced budget agreement this year. This section acknowledges the fact that the Republican budget is too extreme to be accepted by mainstream Americans.  Section 307 states the Budget Committee chairman can increase appropriation spending caps by $1.3 billion if the appropriators pass a continuing resolution. This language makes it very clear the Republicans intend to pass a long-term CR rather than work toward a comprehensive budget agreement. Mr. President, the American people expect and deserve better. The American people do not want to see us throw the towel in early.  The budget conference also reveals the fact that Republicans again wish to give tax breaks to the wealthy by cutting Medicaid coverage for the poor. Mr. President, after last year's budget debate, I would have thought the Republicans learned Americans are not in favor of giving tax breaks to the wealthy by cutting health care coverage to our children, elderly, and disabled. As written, the Republican budget cuts Medicaid by $72 billion over 6 years. Along with welfare reform, the Medicaid cut will offset $122 billion worth of tax cuts.  A year ago, I was opposed to cutting back Medicaid because it provides health care for our poorest children and it ensures quality nursing home standards for our parents. But, aftertalking to health care experts in Washington State, I concluded my home State could still serve our most vulnerable populations while absorbing a significant cut to Medicaid. I am willing to concede that point, and I know now that if we all give a little, we can reach compromise.  However, we should not be cutting Medicaid simply to hand out politically-popular tax breaks. That does not make good sense--that would not fall in line with our recent efforts to become more fiscally responsible.  And, Mr. President, let us remember exactly where we are on this road to ending the deficit. Since 1993, we have made great progress toward reducing this Nation's deficit. CBO estimates the 1996 deficit will fall to $130 billion--the fourth straight year the deficit has declined. We have cut the budget deficit in half in less than 4 years, and today's annual deficit is the lowest percent of our gross domestic product since 1980. I'm proud of this fact. I am proud to have been involved in crafting the omnibus budget package of 1993. That deficit reduction package has us on the right track.  Our need to do more, however, spawned a bipartisan group of Senators to come together and formulate a well-reasoned, well-balanced budget proposal. I commend Senators Chafee and Breaux for their leadership and hard work on this matter. I voted for their budget alternative because it is exactly the kind of bipartisan teamwork congress needs. Certainly, I would like to see less savings come out of discretionary accounts that include education, job training, trade promotion, and the environment. And the tax cuts may be too generous.  The Chafee-Breaux plan may not be perfect, but I believe it is probably the most realistic compromise one could craft. I am hopeful this centrist plan will become the framework for future budget negotiations.  Mr. President, this past year has taught us we can reach a balanced budget. We learned we can formulate a balanced budget that uses common sense and reflects America's values and priorities. That is why Senator Kerry and I offered an amendment to restore education and job training funds in the Republican budget. As my colleagues know, this amendment failed despite the fact that the Republican budget will cut education spending 20 percent from current levels.  Americans understand how important education and job training investments are for our children, and the future success of this Nation. A recent USA Today poll found that education has become the most important issue for Americans--ranking above crime, the economy, and the quality of one's job.  Mr. President, we have a lot of work to do if we are going to reach a balanced budget. But the truth of the matter is that both parties have agreed to enough savings that we could balance the budget today if we really want to. When considering the entire budget, the difference between the two parties amounts to less than 1 percent of the Federal Government's spending. A balanced budget plan is possible. All we need is the courage to find compromise.  I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Appropriations and Budget Committees in order to make sure this Congress' spending priorities are balanced and in line with our constituents' wishes. Unfortunately, today's budget resolution fails to strike a balance. It is simply a replay of last year's failed Republican budget. And I will be fighting to make sure this Congress does not lose sight of what is truly important to our friends and families.  We have made tremendous progress in the past 3 years. The 1993 budget reconciliation enabled us to cut the deficit in half, and create over 9 million jobs in the process. This is great news; but that is not all--last year we narrowed the differences in the competing budget plans to just a few, and a centrist plan to bridge the gap fell short by only five votes. We are close. We are very close to finishing the job.  I urge my colleagues to reject this partisan plan and rededicate themselves to reaching a workable compromise.  