 President, I rise today, along with my senior colleague from the State of Washington, to honor a very special individual from our home State. I want to take a few minutes today to honor Jack Lein, not only for his decades of service to Washington State, but for his tireless dedication and commitment to this Nation's health and education.  Mr. President, Jack Lein was born and raised near former House Speaker Tom Foley in Spokane, WA. He served his country bravely during World War II as a medical corpsman atop the mountains of Idaho. Though Jack would tell us he saw very limited military conflict above America's prized potato fields, he did begin a career of medical service that has now spanned generations.  After receiving his medical degree in 1955 and spending some time in private practice, he joined the faculty and administration of the University of Washington where he has remained for over 32 years. Being myself a proud alumnus of Washington State University, it is, indeed, difficult to salute a man so entrenched in the success of our rival, the University of Washington. But I am proud to say, Dr. Lein's tenure at the university has helped to produce one of this Nation's premier research and health science facilities.  Dr. Lein's career at the University of Washington has encompassed most aspects of modern medicine, medical and health sciences education, university administration and Federal relations. He founded the University of Washington School of Medicine continuing medical education program and was its director for 19 years. He was also assistant dean and then associate dean of the school of medicine. He pioneered regionalized medical education and served as the university's vice president for health sciences, the highest academic administrative position ever achieved by a UW graduate.  Dr. Lein's work will be seen by generations to come through his perseverance and foresight which has produced and will continue to produce thousands of America's health professionals. His leadership has been noted by both his peers and the press. In 1993, Dr. Lein was honored with the Recognition Award by the Society for Teachers of Family Medicine. For the third consecutive year, the University of Washington School of Medicine was ranked the best primary care medical school in the Nation. Among medical teaching disciplines, the UW ranked first in family and rural medicine, third in women's health care and fifth in pediatrics.  Although it may be appropriate to call the university's last three decades the ``Lein'' years, that description would be far from accurate. As the director of Federal relations, Dr. Leinhas transformed the university into one of the Nation's leading research universities. The University of Washington has been ranked in the top five in receipt of Federal grant and contract dollars, which account for 80 percent of the university's grant funding.  If anyone could document the history of Washington State's congressional delegation over the last 50 years, it would be Jack. His wit is legendary around Washington State circles, and he can quickly recount a story about Scoop or Dan Evans. Jack will tell you that Maggie thought ``foreign policy was anything outside Washington State.'' He was always there with either the right information or the right resource to find the answer.  Dr. Lein will step down from his position at the university at the end of this year. His absence will be felt by U.S. Senators, congressional staff, college faculty, and students for many years to come.  Mr. President, on behalf of the citizens of Washington State, I salute Dr. Jack Lein and his wife, Claire, for a lifetime of dedicated service to his alma mater, his State and his Nation.  Jack, we will miss you, but we will always know that you are close by.  Mr. President, I yield the remainder of my time to the senior Senator from the State of Washington.  