 President, I rise today to announce my support for the Senate version of H.R. 3019. I do not make this decision lightly, nor do I make it with great comfort. Rather, I support this bill grudgingly, because it is in the interest of my constituents that Congress act to complete the fiscal year 1996 budget process.  I am voting in favor of H.R. 3019 for three reasons. First, this bill contains critical Federal relief for flood victims throughout the Northwest; the Government has made promises to help people recover from the damage, and this bill delivers on that promise. Second, the Senate took the high road on funding for several critical programs emphasizing education and the Environmental Protection Agency; I'm pleased we were able to add back $2.7 billion in funding for the Department of Education, and over $700 million for EPA. Third, and finally, this Congress has an obligation to complete the people's business. We are now 6 months into fiscal year 1996, and five appropriations bills remain unsigned. By passing this bill today, we are finally able to move the process forward and see a light at the end of the tunnel on this year's budget.  I want to be very clear about the merits of this bill: while it was improved in some respects during the floor debate, it still has many serious problems. The salvage timber provisions are inadequate. The restrictive language on reproductive freedom is a serious problem for women everywhere. The funding levels in general do not even meet fiscal year 1995 levels for critical programs in education and other important children's services. There are riders on fisheries management, tribal appropriations, and endangered species protection that need serious revisions. And, the Columbia Basin ecosystem assessment language, while favorably revised since the original Interior appropriations bill, still must be strengthened.  In short, Mr. President, there are still a lot of problems with this bill, and I will continue to attempt to address them as we move in a conference committee. And I want to make one thing very clear right now: I cannot support a conference report that moves significantly toward the House bill. That version of H.R. 3019 is laden with riders that I believe are not remotely in the public interest. In addition, the funding levels on education and other programs are simply unacceptable. If the conference report does not substantially reflect the Senate numbers on education, it will be very difficult for me to support it.  In general, Mr. President, I have been deeply concerned about the way this Congress has handled the fiscal year 1996 appropriations process. We have seen too many riders, too many cuts poorly thought out, and too much delay in finishing what should have been done last September. This hasn't been the case with every bill to be sure. But the remaining five bills have been the unfortunate victims of too much politicking. I sincerely hope we can come together in conference, smooth out the remaining rough edges, and finish the people's business.  