 President, I rise today in strong support of the Kennedy amendment and as a cosponsor of the minimum wage increase.  I cannot sit idle as I hear of those struggling to live on today's minimum wage. I thought, like many of you, that the minimum wage earner was mydaughter or one of her friends: a teenager flipping burgers or taking food orders to earn some extra cash for new clothes or a movie.  That is the misperception though. The sad fact is that 73 percent of those earning between $4.25 and $5.14 an hour are over the age of 20. That represents 9 million adults who will attempt to live on $8,840 this year. One-third of these adults are the sole income-earners in their families. If these adults were supporting a family of three, they would fall $2,682 below the Federal poverty line.  I am immensely troubled with the fact that 58 percent of those struggling with a minimum wage are women; 5.2 million women, many of these single mothers, would benefit directly from this increase.  These single moms are trying. Trying to raise two kids on a below-poverty income. And how does Congress reward these single parents? By attacking Medicaid that would have paid for her son's asthma medicine. By cutting her child care support that allows her to work. By taking away funding for nutrition programs that pay for her kids to eat at school or day care. By eliminating her Head Start Program that gives her kids a chance at starting school ready to learn. By refusing to add 90 cents to her hourly wage--a wage that pays for heat, clothing, and food.  Aren't these the individuals and families we are trying to keep employed and off of Federal support? Instead, this Congress has targeted the low-income family through cut after cut and a resistance to move them above the poverty line.  This amendment does not eliminate jobs, it barely keeps people working, who otherwise would be completely reliant on public support. If we had only passed this amendment a year ago, it would have meant that the single mother would have earned an additional $2,000 today. To that low-income family, that would have meant more than 7 months of groceries, 4 months of rent, a full year of health care costs, or 9 months of utility bills.  I did not reach my decision to support the minimum wage easily. I have listened carefully to the concerns of small business owners from across my State, who have highlighted the implications of this increase. I don't want to see prices for the American consumer rise or jobs eliminated. But I don't think an increase to the minimum wage will end employment in small business, either.  It has now been over 5 years since the last minimum wage increase. We must remember that the value of the current minimum wage has fallen by nearly 50 cents since 1991 and is now 27 percent lower than it was in 1979. Now is the time to adjust that inequality and demonstrate a true commitment to our working families.  A slight increase in this wage provides those who work hard and play by the rules an increased opportunity and a chance to succeed. If any of my colleagues oppose the minimum wage, I urge them to live on $8,840 this year and then reconsider their vote.  