 President, it is clear that most Americans agree we need to change welfare as we know it. Our current system does not work, not for those on public assistance and not for those who pay for it.  The American people feel strongly that personal responsibility has to be a part of this country's welfare system. I could not agree more.  Mr. President, for nearly 4 years I have spent countless hours examining the current welfare structure, talking to participants and listening to the frustrations of both reformers and people on public assistance.  This Senate has debated many ideas for welfare reform. I have worked with my colleagues to do everything possible to help create a welfare bill that will move able-bodied adults off welfare and into work. The transition from welfare to work is the core of this policy debate. But my concern is this. We are creating a system in which people will not get a welfare check, but they will not be able to get a paycheck either.  If people leave welfare, but are not qualified or cannot find work, they are faced with one fundamental problem: The grocery bill is still there, and there is no way to feed their kids.  My vote on this final welfare bill is one of the most difficult I have had to cast. There are no easy answers. I want welfare to be reformed. I hear from those recipients who complain that the current system does not work. There is too little job training. There is too little child care. And the programs try to fit every single welfare recipient into one single mold.  As this bill worked its way through the Senate and House, I have sponsored and cosponsored numerous amendments to protect the well-being of children, from preventive and emergency health care, nutritious meals, safe child care, illiteracy, issues that are important because they affect the ability of parents to move successfully from welfare to work while they are still taking care of their own kids.  I agree with President Clinton that this welfare reform bill makes significant strides toward ending welfare as we know it. It will help put some people back to work and end the cycle of dependency that this system is accused of breeding. It will give more flexibility to the States and allow for more local decisionmaking authority.  But I also agree with President Clinton that this bill has serious flaws. Nine million children will be cut off from services. Legal immigrant children will be ineligible for almost all Federal and State services, other than in an emergency, leaving them hungry, uneducated and desperate on our streets.  One-half of the $60 billion cut in spending will come from nutrition programs. It will have a dramatic impact on the very individuals who need the most help today in this country, and that is our children.  It has been clear for quite some time that this bill is going to be passed by an overwhelming majority and signed by the President, but I realize that I cannot in good conscience support a bill that will put so many of our children in jeopardy.  Mr. President, I am the only former preschool teacher to serve in the U.S. Senate. I have looked into the faces of 2- and 3- and 4-year-olds who are hungry every single day. I have worked as a parent education instructor with adults who have lost their jobs. Food stamps provided the only chance they had to feed their children while they desperately were looking for work. I knew immediately when a child in my class was unable to learn and felt frightened because of tough financial times at home, and I saw the effects those kids had on all the other kids in my classroom.  Many times I have sat and listened to young women whose lives have been devastated. They have been left alone to care for young children. They have no job skills and no ability to go to work because their full-time job was being a mom.  For me, the bottom line in the welfare reform discussion is, what will happen to our Nation's children? What will happen to those children I held in my lap in my preschool? For me, it is a risk that I am not willing to take.  It is vital that parents return to work. But we have to help ensure that our children receive adequate health care, nutrition, and are not left home alone or, worse, to wander on our streets.  When this welfare reform proposal passes, we have to ask, what is next? This bill only tells people what the Federal Government will not do anymore. In its place will come 50 different experiments in 50 different States. It may help some people, and it most certainly will hurt others. But whether it works or not, from this day forward I believe that we have to begin a national commitment to our children and to give them a fair chance, every one of them, at succeeding in life.  We all want a country where every child is secure, where every person can be a contributing member of our society and our economy, and where the world around us is a healthy and safe place to live. No one disagrees with that. To make sure it happens, we have to start a discussion in every single community and neighborhood and every single dinner table in this Nation. We have to ask, what is important to us as Americans? Are we going to be a compassionate Nation? When push comes to shove, are we going to help our neighbors when they need it? And if, as I suspect, the answer is yes, we are going to have to say how. In the aftermath of this welfare reform bill, these are the questions that every one of us as adults in this country will have to answer.  I am not going to dwell on changes brought about in this welfare reform. Instead, I am going to aggressively seek answers to the questions I have raised, and I will reaffirm my own commitment to children. I will work for constructive solutions to problems that arise in the future.  I have already formed a bipartisan working group within the Senate to help develop and create ideas to help adults find more time to spend with our young children. And I formed an advisory group at home in Washington on youth involvement to help support this effort. Hopefully, the people of this country will ultimately work to create the kind of communities that we can all be proud of.  But, Mr. President, one good thing will come out of this for sure that will happen as a result of us passing welfare reform. Finally, we will no longer, either here on the floor of the Senate or in living rooms across this country, be able to blame welfare as the cause of our Nation's problems. After today, instead, perhaps, we can all sit down and work to agree on what we can do to keep our young children in this country healthy and secure and educated and growing up in a country that we are all proud of.  I yield the floor.  