 President. I thank my colleague from Massachusetts, Senator Kennedy, for his leadership on this critical issue of making sure that our children across this country have adequate funding for the education they so desperately need for the world they are being handed.  Recently a poll showed that 92 percent of the American public say that we should fund education at either the same or increased levels for Federal education. Why this continuing resolution speaks only about 8 percent of the population makes no sense to me.  But before I address that, let me also express my frustration and my increasing anger at this Congress and the way it is governing this country today by passing continuing resolutions for 30 days, 25 days, 45 days, and on and on. What we are doing to this country is wrong. We have the responsibility to govern in a way that gives security to everyone that we represent and give the ability to people out there across this country who serve our constituents' needs the security they have to put in place their ability to make sure that their programs work effectively. And we are really undermining that effort today.  I speak to you as a former school board member who knows well what the impacts of these 35- and 45-day continuing resolutions are and this $3.1 billion reduction in funding. What it means to those poor school board members is that in a few short weeks, they are going to be facing angry parents across this country telling them that their class size will be reduced, that they will have to let teachers go, that textbooks will not be available, that security guards will not be in their schools next year because they simply do not know what this Government is going to do for them in the coming year. That is not right.  Every Member should know that the real answer here is, we are asked to pass a budget. The numbers are on the table. There are budgets that balance the budget by the year 2002. That is what we should be doing instead of these continuing resolutions.  Mr. President, as we do this, every one of us is going to have to go home and face our constituents. I assure all of my colleagues they will meet a young woman like I met just a few short weeks ago in a grocery store who looked at me and told me she is trying to go to college next year, and the only way she will be able to go is if she has a student loan or a grant or gets Federal help. Yet the college she is applying to told her they cannot tell her what is going to happen because they do not know what we are going to do.  That is not fair to that young girl, it is not fair to her family, and it is certainly not right for the future of this country.  Mr. President, my colleagues have done a good job of outlining how important this education amendment is, but let me make it even more clear for you. For the State of Washington, we will lose $24 million. That is about $24 or $25 per student in my State. That translates to a textbook. That translates to a few less hours with a teacher. That translates to actually losing real dollars for every one of our kids. Yes, it speaks to specific programs but school boards are going to have to go back into their budgets and transfer dollars around in order to make up the funding that we are taking away. And every single one of our children in this country is going to lose.  It seems crazy to me that we are going to sacrifice our children and America's future for the sake of political ego. We have the good fortune in this country of changing political leadership every few years in our democracy, but we do not have the fortune of reversing an uneducated and unprepared generation. For our kids, for our future, for this country's ability to compete in the worldwide technological society that we have today, let us support this resolution. Let us send a message to our kids that we do care about them, we understand their needs, and we are not going to neglect them in this Nation's Capital.  Just last week, headlines across America rang out. Education is our top priority. Polls throughout our Nation strongly show that Americans support an investment in education; 92 percent would like the same or increased levels of Federal funding for education.  Apparently some of my colleagues are listening to that 8 percent of our population. They are forcing upon the American people a continuing resolution that would cut $3.1 billion from education through this year. This would be coupled with the $600 million in rescissions in education already enacted for fiscal year 1995.  This would represent the largest setback to education in the history of the United States. Why? It is very easy to target a group that has no vote, no political action committee, no lobbying dollars to create a political voice--our children. These are the same kids who are already giving up. They are faced with overcrowded classrooms, outdated textbooks, and frustrated teachers. They lack purpose knowing they cannot afford or gain entrance to an institution of higher education and wonder if the skills they learn today will ever lead to a job tomorrow.  Certainly, throwing money at a problem is not the answer. But eliminating programs that have been proven to provide long-term educational skills and enhance school-to-work training are essential to our society. Last week in hearings before a joint House-Senate committee, we heard from Dr. Milton Goldberg who emphasized that the need for skilled labor from the business community has never been greater. NYNEX recently interviewed 60,000 applicants to fill 3,000 jobs and Motorola found less than 10 percent of job applicants are qualified for their entry level jobs.  Yet, the existing continuing resolution would deny millions of America's children and young adults valuable educational opportunities. Already, a third of the fiscal year has elapsed with no funding levels for education and school districts are facing an 18-percent increase in enrollments over the next decade.  These cuts would deny 1.1 million students crucial help in reading, writing, math, and advanced reasoning; 100,000 would lose English assistance and hundreds of thousands more would be denied vocational training; 14,000 school districts would have to cut back their safe and drug-free school programs and many would jeopardize their disabled education programs.  We will continue to debate the role of our Federal Government in the education process. Michael DiRaimo of the Pittsburgh public schools told us last week, however, that though Federal funds account for a small portion of the district's budget, the services provided with those funds are vital to the district's ability to serve needy and at-risk children.  My own State of Washington will lose over $24 million for education under this continuing resolution. Washington State has been a national leader in the school-to-work field and will lose $3 million in vocational education dollars because we are unable to reach agreement on the budget. Additionally, the State will lose $16 million in title I funds that greatly aid our classrooms in basic educational skills.  At the very least, we cannot cut education programs beyond fiscal year 1995 levels. Let us not sacrifice our children and America's future for the sake of political ego. We have the fortune of changing political leadership every few years in this democracy. We do not have the fortune of reversing an uneducated and unprepared generation.  I yield the floor.  