 President, I rise in strong support of the amendment offered by my colleague from California, Senator Boxer. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this measure and I urge all of my colleagues to do the right thing and vote for our amendment.  Since 1980, Congress has prohibited the use of Federal funds appropriated to the District of Columbia for abortion services for low-income women, with the exception for cases of rape, incest, and life endangerment.  From 1988 to 1993 Congress also prohibited the District from using its own locally raised revenues to provide abortion services to its residents. I am pleased that for fiscal year 1994 and 1995 Congress voted to lift the unfair restriction on the use of locally raised revenues, and allow the District to decide how to spend its own locally raised moneys.  There is language in this bill that would coerce the District into returning to the pre-1994 restrictions. This bill is a step backward, and we shouldn't allow it to pass. Congress does not restrict the use of dollars raised by the State of Washington or by New York, Texas, California or any other State--because Congress does not appropriate those funds.  Why should our Nation's capital be the solitary exception? It shouldn't be the exception, Mr. President, and our amendment ensures the District of Columbia will have the same rights asevery locality--every county and city--to determine how to spend locally-raised revenue.  I know why the District is being targeted in this way. And so does every woman, and so should every American. This is just another of the many attempts by some Members of Congress to chip away and take away a woman's right to choose.  It sure is ironic. That in this Congress, where the mantra has been ``States know best'' month after month, the majority party now wants to micro manage DC's financial decisions.  Mr. President, restricting the ability of the District to determine how it is going to spend its locally raised revenue is the ``Congress knows best'' approach at its worst. I find it so very hypocritical that virtually every debate over the past year has touted local flexibility and vilified Washington, DC's presence in policy making.  We should allow the District the same right as all other localities--to choose how to use their locally raised revenue. We should not single out our Nation's capital. We should pass the Boxer amendment.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  