 President, during the 103d Congress many of us worked very hard to try to enact comprehensive health care reform. Despite our efforts and what felt like endless debate, politics prevailed and we came up emptyhanded. Perhaps we were too optimistic to think we could accomplish such broad and sweeping reforms in 1993; but unfortunately health reform remains a critical high priority issue for every family in this country.  Well, political realities are still very real factors in determining the outcome of legislative initiatives here in Congress. And here we are again discussing health care reform, only in a much more limited and focused way.  I am encouraged that the dialogue is open once again, and that we are taking positive steps toward addressing the many health-related issues confronting people across our country.  If I had it my way, we would not just be talking about health insurance reform today. We would be doing more, especially for our most precious resource, children. We should be doing more, like: ensuring better pre- and post-natal care for women and their babies; boosting rates of immunization even higher for children across our nation; working even harder to reduce adolescent health problems like teen pregnancies, substance abuse and STD's; improving child nutrition programs and strengthening our overall national commitment to children and family health and well-being.  But, I recognize the realities of the 104th Congress, and realize that sometimes progress comes one step at a time. I am proud to be a cosponsor of S. 1028, the Health Insurance Reform Act. I believe this is a commonsense measure that will directly benefit working families across our country. I sincerely hope we can pass this bill and send it to the President for his signature.  We should not weigh this bill down with amendments that could undo the broad bipartisan support we so rarely see in this Congress. I applaud Senators Kassebaum and Kennedy for their ongoing leadership and commitment to enacting this legislation.  S. 1028 was carefully crafted so that we could pass it overwhelmingly and see it enacted into law with the full support of the White House. For this reason, I will join my colleagues in opposing any controversial amendments that are offered, even those which I support in principle. We should learn from the past, Mr. President, and not try to bite off more than we can chew.  As I said, this bill is not a cure-all. We need to do more, of course. But, this is a reasonable, sensible first step and will go a significant distance toward guaranteeing coverage for millions of American workers and their families.  Mr. President, we owe it to those families to pass this bill, and pass it in its current form. To do anything which could jeopardize the fragile coalition of support for this bill would be irresponsible and bad public policy.  I appeal to my colleagues not to try and load up this bill with amendments that will ultimately kill the bill. Let us show our constituents that we can work together and we can put political differences aside for the greater good.  Much of what we are discussing here will not be news to people in my State. In 1993, we passed one of the most comprehensive health care measures in the country, and even after serious modification the people in Washington still have many of these same protections.  In some areas, like limits on pre-existing conditions, my State actually has a shorter limit of 3 months, which the Kassebaum-Kennedy bill will not preempt.  Earlier I said that we owe it to working families to pass this bill. I am talking about people across the country who have to worry about their health care coverage, people who want to work and take care of themselves and their families. People like:  