 President, I rise in support of H.R. 3754, the fiscal year 1997 legislative branch appropriation bill. The bill as reported by the full committee is a fair and responsible bill.  As Members will recall, this committee took a bold step last year in recommending a bill that cut spending for the departments and agencies funded in the legislative branch appropriations bill by $200 million, or 10 percent. This year, again, we have continued the effort to reduce the funding levels and streamline the operations of Congress by recommending a bill that cuts a net of over $22 million from the 1996 enacted level. At the proposed funding level contained in this measure, the Legislative Branch, in total, will have less funding than in fiscal year 1991 or 6 years ago.  The major reductions recommended by the committee involve the support agencies that are so vital to the Congress in order to enable us to complete our work in an effective and expeditious manner. The committee this year saves $6.1 million below fiscal year 1996 as a result of the elimination of the Office of Technology Assessment. I did not personally support that elimination but, nevertheless, it has been accomplished and we are saving $6.1 million this year because of OTA's elimination.  Another major reduction in this year's bill is the cut to the General Accounting Office. Their budget is reduced by $44,381,000 below fiscal year 1996. Testimony by the Comptroller General, Mr. Bowsher, made clear that the GAO can undertake this reduction as part of their overall, 2-year 25 percent commitment made to the Congress last year. The amount appropriated for fiscal year 1997 for the GAO is $338,425,000 and will provide for a personnel ceiling of no more than 3,500 positions. This personnel ceiling amounts to a reduction of 1,825 below the level of GAO's workforce in 1992 when they had a ceiling of 5,325 positions.  As Senators can see, the reductions the committee is recommending this year are dramatic. However, Mr. President, I believe that the committee has accomplished these savings in a way that is as fair and even-handed as possible. We have been careful to ensure that the organizations and agencies which support Congress and are funded in the legislative branch appropriation bill are able to carry out their responsibilities under these reduced budgets as effectively as they have in the past.  I would have adamantly opposed these budget cuts if they were undertaken only to save dollars, without recognizing any negative consequences. It would be fruitless, for example to reduce the budget of the Congressional Budget Office with their ever-increasing responsibilities simply for the sake of saying we have achieved budgetary savings.  With this in mind, I carefully reviewed the testimony of our witnesses for any indication that cuts of the magnitude we have recommended would harm the ability of these Congressional-support agencies to carry out their very important responsibilities. Testimony received by the subcommittee indicated that these recommended savings can be achieved while allowing these support agencies to carry out these responsibilities with no reductions-in-force.   Mr. President, Senator Mack provided members with a detailed explanation of all of the recommendations contained in the bill, and I will not take the time of Members by repeating them. I would, however, call to the attention of Members Section 5 of the administrative provisions. I included, with the enthusiastic support of Chairman Mack, language that will enable the Sergeant at Arms to transfer excess or surplus computer equipment to schools.  In the past, the Senate sold its computers to employees at bargain prices. Fortunately, this practice has been terminated, and I commend the Sergeant at Arms for doing so. For the past couple of years, our computers have simply been transferred to GSA for disposal through the normal surplus process.  I think Senators should be aware that the Senate disposes of over 1500 computers every year. Over the past 3 years, nearly 5,000 computers have been let go. For the most part, these are IBM-compatible, 386, 16-megahertz machines. They are a generation old, but they could be very useful to schools, especially in rural areas, that may not have a big budget to buy fancy new computers.  I am fortunate to represent Washington State, which is very aggressive in trying to put computers in the classroom. Our companies have been generous in donating software and hardware, and people are excited about giving kids skills that will help them get an edge in life.  But not every school district is moving aggressively on computers. Many do not even know how to go about it, and cannot afford it. I am certain that every Senator is aware of how fast technology is evolving in our economy. I really believe that, in the future, a child's ability to compete in the work force will be measured in part by his or her familiarity with computers. In my view, the earlier they start, the better.  The Senate will debate the broad role of government in education technology, and I look forward to having that debate. For now there is a small, and I think constructive, role for the Senate to play. We can use the bully pulpit. We can lead by example. We can help school children by transferring our computers to schools that want or need them. By doing this, we can help some kids, and we can show the country we think bringing technology to the classroom is a high priority.  Here is how it will work: the Sergeant at Arms will make sure that any excess or surplus computers are in good working order. Then he will make them available to interested schools at the lowest possible cost to both the Senate and the schools. Most likely, he will transfer these computers to the General Services Administration. GSA, in turn, will provide information to schools through its regional offices about available inventory. The equipment eligible for transfer will include computers, keyboards, monitors, printers, modems, and other peripheral hardware as described in the bill.  I envision schools being able to obtain this equipment on a first-come, first-served basis, for the cost of shipping and handling from GSA regional offices. The language provides the Sergeant at Arms with flexibility to determine the best way to complete the transfers.  I think this is a useful change in policy. Again, I appreciate the help of Chairman Mack on this, and I look forward to working with him and the Sergeant at Arms to make this work.  Finally, Mr. President, I would point out that there is a provision included in the House-passed bill--Section 312--that was stricken pursuant to a motion by Senator Hatfield during full committee markup. That section deals with so-called ``dynamic'' scoring of certain measures. Although this provision would apply to House measures only and, therefore, would normally not be stricken by the Senate in view of the comity between the Houses that is traditionally recognized, in this instance there is a Budget Act point of order under Section 306 which would lie against Section 312 and that was the basis upon which the committee chairman moved to strike the provision.  I strongly oppose Section 312 on its merits. I do not believe that either branch of Congress should be dictating selective macroeconomic scorekeeping procedures upon either the Congressional Budget Office or the Joint Committee on Taxation. I will have more to say on this later during debate on this bill should any attempt be made to revive Section 312 or anything similar to it.  On balance, Mr. President, I believe this is a good bill that deserves the support of Members. I would hasten to add, however, that I share the concerns expressed by Senator Reid, a former chairman of this subcommittee, during the committee's markup of the legislative branch appropriation bill. Senator Reid stated that we have reached the bottom of the barrel in cutting the legislative branch appropriation bill. Once the savings we have undertaken are accomplished in the Congressional-support agencies over a multi-year period, we cannot look to these agencies for further budget cuts. These agencies have been very forthcoming and have understood our need to reduce spending for the Legislative Branch, and I am deeply appreciative of their willingness to do so. But, Mr. President, we have indeed reached the bottom of the barrel.   Mr. President, let me close by commending our subcommittee chairman, Senator Mack. He has proven himself to be a real leader on legislative branch issues and has worked with me on a bipartisan basis. I appreciate it very much. I also wish to express my thanks to the subcommittee staff--Keith Kennedy, Jim English, and Mary Dewald for their fine work, and also to recognize the excellent support we had from Ric Ilgenfritz of my staff and Larry Harris for Senator Mack.   Mr. President, I urge the support of all Members for this bill.  