 President, the bill before the Senate this afternoon is the Sustainable Fishery Act, the Magnuson Act, and is the outcome of a very long and very difficult process. Only great willingness to compromise on everyone's part has enabled this bill to reach the Senate floor this evening.  This bill has been almost 4 years in the making, and it has gone through many changes, and improvements have been made along the way. I want to take this opportunity to thank the chairman and the ranking member of the subcommittee for their willingness to work through the difficult allocation issues in this bill so that the strong conservation provisions of this bill can move forward.  Mr. President, I also want to take this opportunity to thank my senior Senator, Senator Gorton, for his tremendous work on this bill and the opportunity to work with him on an issue of natural resources. His tenacity and perseverance throughout this debate has been very instructive and very much appreciated. I also want to take this opportunity to thank both his staff and my staff, Justin Le Blanc and Jeanne Bumpus, for their tireless work on this bill, as well.  Mr. President, we have reached a fair and reasonable compromise on this bill. As we send this bill to the House, I urge them not to undermine this bill by altering it to reflect parochial interests.  This bill serves two purposes: to conserve fishery resources and to preserve the fishing industry. It contains new provisions to address overfishing, bycatch, and impacts on fish habitat.  These provisions will strengthen our ability to conserve fish resources, and they will allow us to develop long-term, sustainable fisheries. This bill will enable us to turn around depleted fisheries and ensure we have fish for the future.  The help of the fishing industry is directly related to the health of the resource. The conservation provisions will, therefore, benefit the fisheries as well. By protecting the fish, the bill also protects jobs.  The bill sustains the fishing industry in other ways, as well. Natural standards promoting efficient use of fishing resources and promoting the safety of life at sea will help our fishers continue fishing. New consideration for fishing communities recognizes all fishers, no matter where they live, depend upon the fish.  Detailed studies of controversial fishery quota programs will be conducted by the National Academy of Sciences. A study of individual fishing quota programs will allow us to evaluate the potential benefits of such programs. A short moratorium on IFQs will allow us to review this study and to evaluate the success of existing programs. We should not prejudge the appropriateness of IFQ's at this time. Let's allow the study to provide us guidance on this important issue.  The Academy will also study community development quotas. The impacts of the new mandate for CDQ's on the fishing industry in the North Pacific need to be evaluated.  These programs will transfer considerable sums of money from Washington's distant water fleet to Alaskan coastal communities. The study will allow us to discern the effectiveness and appropriateness of this social assistance program.  The bill provides authority for fishery disaster relief programs, particularly buy-back programs which willhelp stabilize fishing fleets. Many fishing fleets are suffering from tremendous harvest reductions as a result of natural disasters or man-made situations.  The recent Federal court decision in Washington State awarding native American tribes 50 percent of the shellfish has severely impacted the non-Indian shellfish harvesters. These provisions will provide an opportunity to help these fishers.  The temporary extension of Washington State jurisdiction into Federal waters will also allow the State to implement the reduction in non-Indian shellfish harvests fairly and equitably. I thank the junior Senator from Oregon for his willingness to reach an agreement on this issue.  In its original form, this bill could well have undermined the fishing industry of Washington State. But thanks to compromise and concession on all sides we have reached an agreement. We are now debating a bill that, in many ways, will benefit the Washington State fishing industry.  It keeps options open for Washington State fishers, and it ensures that we will have a strong, vital, sustainable industry long into the future. I support passage of this legislation and look forward to its timely submission to the President for his signature.  This bill will reauthorize the Magnuson Fishery Conservation and Management Act. The Magnuson Act was first passed in 1976 to Americanize the fisheries off the coasts of the United States and to ensure that the bountiful harvests being extracted from these seas were benefiting U.S. citizens and our economy. Over the last 20 years, this goal has by and large been achieved. In 1996, a new challenge faces us: The development of sustainable fishing practices that will guarantee a continued abundance of fish and continued opportunities for U.S. fishers.  The Sustainable Fisheries Act will improve the conservation and management of our fishery resources by re-emphasizing both. While the original intent of the Magnuson Act was to Americanize the fisheries and invest the management of the resources in those who know them best, the fishers; the outcome has not always been sound management or longterm conservation. This bill will help improve this situation. With provisions to prevent overfishing, to ensure the rebuilding of overfished stocks, to minimize bycatch, and to consider fish habitat, this bill places a greater degree of focus on the long-term sustainability of both the resource and the fishers harvesting the resource.  Strong new measures to reduce bycatch, the catching of unwanted or prohibited fish, and new considerations of essential fish habitat will help to maintain healthy fish stocks. The distant water fleet of the North Pacific, based in my State, is often accused of wasting an incredible amount of fish. Estimates suggest that up to 580 million pounds a year of fish are dumped overboard dead or dying.  Federal fishery scientists have determined that the total population of Bering Sea groundfish alone is 44 billion pounds. Of that 44 billion pounds, scientists have determined that the acceptable biological catch, that is, the sustainable harvest level, is nearly 6.6 billion pounds. As an extra precaution, the North Pacific Fishery Management Council has established an annual groundfish harvest cap of 4.4 billion pounds, leaving one-third of the allowable biological catch unharvested.  With a total groundfish harvest of 4.4 billion pounds, 580 million pounds of discards suggests a bycatch rate of approximately 13 percent. The largest fishery in the United States, the North Pacific pollack fishery, is one of the cleanest fisheries in the world, with a bycatch rate of only 2 percent according to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization [FAO]. Compare these numbers with the average discard rate in world fisheries of 30 percent.  It is also important to note that the discarded fish in the North Pacific are quantified by Federal Fishery Observers and are counted against to the total allowable catch levels of the various species. To reduce bycatch is to make more efficient and responsible use of fishery resources. That is why this bill seeks to reduce bycatch in our Nation's fisheries. And that is why participants in the North Pacific groundfish fisheries have proposed requiring all fishers to retain all pollack and cod caught, regardless of what species the fishers are targeting. This step alone should reduce the amount of fish discarded in the North Pacific by one-half.  The amount of bycatch in the North Pacific is still very high. While the participants in those fisheries are beginning to address the problem, this bill will create new and stronger incentives to fish more cleanly. I strongly support the conservation provisions of this bill. I look forward to the improvement management of our fishery resources they will allow.  This bill also recognizes that the health and sustainability of fish stocks are more than just conservation issues, they are also economic and social issues. The people who take part in U.S. fisheries, the fishers, processors, and supporting industries, are all vitally dependent upon the fishery resources, their abundance and sustainability. This bill recognizes that dependence by requiring new considerations of the impacts of fishery management decisions on fishing communities.  The definition of fishing communities in this bill will work well. Fishing communities are those communities ``substantially dependent upon or substantially engaged in the harvest of fishery resources.'' This definition recognizes that fishers are fishers no matter where they live. An individual fisher and his or her family, whether they work on a big boat and or a small boat, are equally dependent upon the fish for their livelihoods no matter where they live. The fisher from a small New England port, an Alaska coastal town, or a metropolitan area like Seattle all make their living from the sea, their lives are all tied to the health and abundance of the fish they catch. They all deserve to be considered when difficult and painful fishery management practices need to be implemented. Under this bill, they will be.  In addition, this bill preserves the National Standard to promote efficiency in fishery management plans. According to the National Marine Fisheries Service [NMFS], an efficient fishery harvests fish with a minimal use of labor capital, interest, and fuel. Management regimes that allow a fishery to operate at the lowest possible cost are considered efficient. In encouraging efficient use of fishery resources, this National Standard highlights one way that a fishery can contribute to the Nation's benefit with the least cost to society. To weaken the efficiency standard would be to suggest that overcapitalization, too many boats fishing for too few fish, is acceptable when we all know it is not. It is in the Nation's best interest to promote efficient and sustainable use of our natural resources. Methods of efficiently harvesting fish within acceptable conservation limits should be the norm if the United States wants to continue to be competitive in the growing global market for fish products.  This bill places a 4-year moratorium on a somewhat controversial fishery management tool, individual fishing quotas or IFQ's. IFQ's allocate percentages of the total allowable catch of a fishery to individual participants. If they are transferable, they can be bought and sold either among participants or in a larger market. While opponents of IFQ's feel they are a privatization of a public resource and will result in large corporations owning the bulk of U.S. fisheries, proponents view IFQ's as an important fishery management tool that can address a number of the problems plaguing U.S. fisheries today.  Under current open access systems, there is a race for fish. Those who fish fast and furious win. This management style leads participants to fish inefficiently, catching as much fish as they can as quickly as they can without consideration for high bycatch rates or the harvest of lower value target fish. It creates incentives to invest in excess harvesting and processing capacity--bigger and better boats, bigger nets, more gear, and larger plants--than are needed to efficiently and sustainably harvest and process the allowable catch. This overcapitalization, while not creating huge conservation issues, weakens the economic viability of the fleet, threatening participants with bankruptcy and ruin. While it hasn't been much of an issue in the North Pacific, overcapitalization can createenormous pressure to increase harvest levels beyond acceptable limits.  In addition, this race for fish creates serious safety considerations in many fisheries. Under this race, fishers feel compelled to keep fishing even when the weather or the conditions of the vessel or the health of the captain or crew would suggest otherwise. Unless fishery management plans provide opportunities and incentives for fishers to sit out storms and return to port for repairs or medical attention, lives will continue to be lost. The crab fishery in the North Pacific is the most dangerous occupation in the Nation. According to the U.S. Coast Guard, the 1990-94 average annual fatality rate in the crab fishery is 350 deaths per 100,000 workers, with a 1990-94 annual average of 7 deaths among 2,000 crabbers. The fatality rate for all U.S. fisheries over the same time is only 71 deaths per 100,000 workers. The all occupations rate is only 7 deaths per 100,000 workers.  For this very reason we included the promotion of safety of life at sea in the National Standards of the Magnuson Act. This provision remains in the bill. Fishery management plans will now be required to promote safe fishery practices. The Fishery Management Councils will not only have to consider safety, they will have to promote it to extent practicable. There are many ways to promote safety, and IFQ's may be one way.  When the halibut fishery in the North Pacific was conducted under open access, the fatality rate was almost as bad as crab, with 250 deaths per 100,000 workers. Under the IFQ plan of the last two seasons, the halibut fishery fatality rate dropped to zero. While two seasons of data is certainly not proof, it does suggest that IFQ's can address the safety issue by eliminating the race for fish.  Because of their potential to address issues such as waste, overcapitalization, and safety, IFQ's are considered by fishery managers in academia and State and Federal Government agencies, as well as environmental groups such as the Center for Marine Conservation, Environmental Defense Fund, and the World Wildlife Fund, as a promising fishery management tool that should be available to the Fishery Management Councils for their consideration. I agree. I believe that IFQ's should remain in the Councils' toolbox. Many of the concerns raised by opponents of IFQ's can be addressed within the design of any given IFQ system, much as they have been in the halibut/sablefish IFQ program. Issues such as entry-level quota share opportunities, ownership requirements, and caps on consolidation of shares can and have been incorporated into IFQ plans at the Council level.  Despite all this, I understand a fair degree of controversy remains over IFQ's. Because of that, I have agreed to a short moratorium on the implementation of IFQ's while the Councils consider, discuss, and develop potential IFQ plans. However, I objected to provisions that prejudged the appropriateness of IFQ's as a management tool and created undue hurdles for IFQ's plans to overcome. This bill includes a comprehensive study of IFQ's by the National Academy of Sciences [NAS]. The assessment of IFQ's by the NAS will allow us, if it is determined necessary, to develop a broadly supported national policy on IFQ's during the next reauthorization of the Magnuson Act in 1999. This study should provide us the guidance we need in our assessment of IFQ's as a fishery management tool. We should withhold from determining their fate now, before we have the insights of the NAS study.  However, there are a number of issues regarding IFQ's on which there is currently agreement and these have been included in the bill. IFQ's may be revoked or limited at any time in accordance with procedures under the Magnuson Act. They shall not confer the right of compensation to the holder if revoked or limited. They shall not create a private property right to the fish before the fish are harvested. IFQ allocations should be fair and equitable and opportunities should be provided for small vessel owners and entry-level fishers. These are broadly-supported provisions on IFQ's and have appropriately been included in the bill  Unresolved issues regarding IFQ's will be assessed by the NAS. Issues such as transferability, duration, corresponding processor quotas, conservation impacts, fishery characteristics, and potential social and economic costs and benefits to the Nation and to participants in the fishery all will be analyzed by the NAS. The NAS will also study mechanisms to prevent foreign control of our Nations fishery resources and should investigate foreign ownership in both the harvesting and processing sectors. In addition, the NAS is required to study the appropriate level of U.S. ownership of fishery vessels with particular reference to a relatively high U.S. ownership threshold. The NAS should consider this threshold in light of existing requirements for participation in U.S. fisheries.  I look forward to the outcome of this study of IFQ's by the NAS and to the discussion with my colleagues that will undoubtedly ensue upon the report's release.  While this bill imposes a moratorium on IFQ's, it mandates the development of another quota program: Community Development Quotas or CDQ's. CDQ's are guaranteed allocations of Bering Sea fishery resources to Native Alaskan coastal communities. It is argued that these communities have had a historical and traditional participation in these fisheries and were excluded from the Americanization of the fisheries during the late 1970's and the 1980's. While these communities certainly engaged in the harvest of near-shore fish species, it is less clear that they participated in the Deep Ocean fisheries of the North Pacific. The existing CDQ program in pollock has transferred approximately $25 million from the participants in the fishery, predominantly the distant water fleet from Washington state, to the CDQ communities. The mandated expansion of CDQ's will increase this cash transfer almost 5 times to $117 million.  CDQ's were originally proposed as a temporary program to provide these communities with the capital and expertise to venture into the fisheries on their own. Under this bill, the CDQ program has been turned into a permanent entitlement. I want to make myself clear on this issue. I think it is laudable to empower these impoverished communities to develop independent business ventures and sustainable economies. The question arises as to whom should bear the burden of such efforts. Unfortunately, under the CDQ programs mandated under this bill, the participants in the Bering Sea fisheries, Washington State fishers fishing in Federal waters, bear the entire burden alone. A burden that should be borne by society at large, and particularly by the neighbors of those communities, other Alaskans.  However, this bill contains a study of CDQ's, again by the NAS, to investigate the implications of these programs for the Native Alaskan communities and fishery participants. The study will evaluate the effectiveness of the program in meeting the stated objectives of developing self-sustaining commercial fishing activities in the communities and employing community residents in commercial fishing operations. The study shall evaluate the social and economic conditions in the communities. I think it is important for this evaluation to include an assessment of what other types of assistance programs are or could be made available to these communities. This study will provide valuable insights into the effectiveness and appropriateness of the CDQ program.  In addition, this bill recognizes that not all of the Bering Sea fisheries can bear the full burden of the proposed CDQ programs at this time. The Bering Sea crab fishery is in a serious state of decline at this time and the crabbers are suffering under the strain of reduced catches. This bill recognizes the state of affairs in the crab fishery by phasing in the CDQ percentage allocation over the next several years, to ease the crab fishery into the larger CDQ allocations.  This bill contains important provisions that will enable Washington State to mitigate the impacts on shellfish harvesters of the recent Federal court decision allocating 50 percent of shellfish to the treaty tribes of Washington State in their usual and accustomed areas. These provisions include a limited extension of State management authority into the Federal Exclusive Economic Zone [EEZ] for Dungeness crab. This extension, althoughrather limited in scope and time, provides the State of Washington the authority it must have to effectively implement the court order to comanage the shellfish resources such that the tribes may harvest 50 percent of the resource.  In addition, this bill contains authority to implement fishing capacity reduction programs, or buy-back programs. These programs will allow fishing fleets severely impacted by a natural disaster or some man-made decision beyond the control of fishery managers, such as the recent Federal court order regarding tribal shellfish harvests, to mitigate the impacts of such situations by buying people out of the fishery in order to restore viability to the fleet. It is anticipated that the state of Washington could use such authority to develop a buy-back program for the Inner Sound Dungeness crab fleet so severely impacted by the recent shellfish decision.  We have all come a long way on this bill. I reiterate my support for passage of this legislation.  