 President, I am pleased to join Senator Moseley-Braun today in cosponsoring the Women's Pension Equity Act of 1996. This legislation addresses one of the most important issues facing women today--retirement security. Of course, both men and women share many of the same concerns about growing old and planning for the future. But, the fact is that women face a unique set of circumstances that put us at a disadvantage for living comfortably in our retirement.  We are all very aware of the anxiety being felt by our friends and neighbors as they see and hear about the wave of corporate downsizing taking place in many of America's largest industries. American workers no longer expect to hold down one or two jobs throughout their working careers. Rather, most Americans expect to hold five or six different jobs throughout their careers.  This job insecurity ripples through every aspect of our lives and impacts the way one determines how to afford a home, pay for a child's education, and set aside savings for retirement.  This anxiety is real and it is justified. Working families throughout Washington State are telling me they are worried about their futures and that of their children. My constituents recognize the skyrocketing costs of long-term health care, doubt whether they can ensure a successful and prosperous life for their children, and are losing faith in the Social Security system.  We all know that women often play the role of caregiver for sick parents or children. In this role, they are forced to leave their jobs and, in turn, jeopardize their own future security. As the daughter of two aging parents, I understand this anxiety and want to do all I can to ensure women are not penalized for doing the right thing--for taking care of their families.  In today's world, it takes two incomes to raise a family. This is not solely an issue of improving the security of retired women. This is about providing stability and peace of mind for working families and their children. It is about opportunities for the future and strengthening the resources that families can depend on tomorrow. This is about ensuring that both parents' hard work is rewarded.  The Women's Pension Equity Act corrects current pension laws, which often fail to account for the special pattern in a women's working life. Our employment patterns differ from our male counterparts in the work force. Women's tenures tend to be shorter--4.8 years compared with 6.6 years for men. Many women leave their jobs before they reach the required years of service to qualify for employer retirement plans; usually 5 to 7 years.  Also, under current law, if a woman's husband dies after leaving Government service but before starting to collect retirement benefits, no retirement or survivor benefits are payable to the spouse. This bill, among other things, will amend the Civil Service retirement system to make sure the spouse doesn't lose the benefits to which her family is entitled.  We can alleviate some of the anxiety Americans are experiencing. For instance, we can help Americans save for their future by expanding pension opportunities for the employees of small businesses. Only 24 percent of all employees in small businesses have pension plans, while 76 percent of employees in large businesses have pension plans. Or we could widen the scope of Individual Retirement Accounts. For instance, I am a cosponsor of S. 287, a bill that allows spouses who work at home to get a full IRA deduction.  Congress has the ability to improve the savings opportunities for millions of Americans, and Senator Moseley-Braun's bill will do so for millions of working and retired women. This legislation makes sense and successfully highlights the discrepancy that exists between male and female retirees and it lays out several ways to narrow the income divide that exists between them.  The facts are clear. Older women are twice as likely as older men to be poor. According to the Older Women's League, more than 70 percent of nearly 4 million persons over 65 living in poverty are women. Fewer than 25 percent of older women receive any pension income. And in 1993, the median pension benefit received by new female retirees was half that of men. Given all this, we must keep in mind that once they reach 65 women live on average 4 years longer than men.  This bill helps Americans save for the future, and it will make retirement life more secure for millions of women. It is an important first step to addressing the many obstacles which women face as they try to plan for their futures and those of their children. I commend Senator Moseley-Braun for her leadership on this issue, and I look forward to working with her on behalf of working families across our Nation.  