 President, I take the floor to oppose the so-called line-item veto legislation before us today. I regret I cannot support this conference report, but unfortunately this report is careless, highly questionable and possibly unconstitutional. Mr. President, I support the line-item veto proposal submitted by Senator Byrd. His expedited rescission proposal was well-written and made good common sense, but unfortunately, it was not accepted by the Senate.  I know all too well the abuse that can arise through broad, sweeping line-item veto authority. Mr. President, I served in the Washington State Senate prior to coming to the U.S. Senate. My home State arms its executive with line-item veto authority, and while serving in the State legislature I witnessed, first hand, the horse trading that results by giving the State's executive this authority.  In my home State, the line-item veto does not deter spending. Rather, it encourages more spending. It puts legislators in the position of having to accept the Governor's priorities in order to make sure their legislative priorities are not vetoed by the Governor.  As you know, Mr. President, this debate essentially was spawned out of our desire to reduce Government waste and balance our Nation's budget deficit. I do not think there is a single Member in this body that does not want to reduce the Nation's budget deficit. However, I have great difficulty turning over my responsibility and Congress' fiscal responsibilities to the executive branch. Mr. President, the line-item veto is a budget gimmick, and it simply passes the power of the purse from Congress to the President.  Since 1993, we have cut the Nation's budget deficit in half. This is commendable work. However, it was difficult work that required tough decisions. Congress and the Clinton administration chose to reduce and cut hundreds of Federal programs. This was not easy, but it is what we were elected to do. We will get our fiscal house in order once we set our minds to it. We do not need a line-item veto. We need courage. We should not shrink from our constitutional responsibilities. We should accept the challenge.  Mr. President, earlier today I listened to the elegant words of Senator Byrd. Senator Byrd is a great orator, respected legislator and an excellent teacher--especially when it comes to the constitutional issues surrounding the line-item veto. I hope my colleagues listened to his words, because there are some real constitutional issues that need to be addressed because of this legislation.  This legislation disrupts the delicate balance of powers laid out by our Founding Fathers. It shifts an enormous amount of power to the President of the United States--directly conflicting with Congress' constitutional duties. And, as written, this legislation gives the President and a one-third minority in one House the power to veto legislation a majority of Congress approved. It turns the idea of checks and balances on its head.  Mr. President, I also have grave concerns with the language pertaining to targeted tax benefits. This language is cleverly written in a way that ultimately prohibits the President from vetoing new targeted tax benefits. If we want to grant the President a line-item veto, let us at least do it the right way. Let us at least let the President strike new tax expenditures.  Moreover, I urge all my colleagues from small States to read this legislation carefully, because as it is written, the President has the power to strike very specific language including charts and graphs. For instance, the President would have the power to strike funding for a single State if an appropriations bill or report includes a chart breaking out spending per State. We know the President is not going to strike funding from electoral-vote rich States. But, what keeps the President from cutting funds in smaller States?  Mr. President, this again reminds me of the horse trading I experienced in my home State legislature. This legislation puts legislators in the awkward position of having to protect congressionally approved legislation from the President's veto pen--legislation that was debated, considered and eventually agreed to by Congress--agreed to the way our Founding Fathers envisioned the process would work, and the way our constituents expect us to govern.  In no way did our Founding Fathers expect the President to unravel legislation that was crafted through compromise by both the majority and the minority.  Mr. President, there is a right way to craft this legislation. It should be written clearly and carefully--without ambiguity. We should craft legislation that doesn't exempt specific tax breaks, one that doesn't allow a President to attack entitlements, and one that doesn't hold small States hostage.  So, Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to vote against this legislation. The line-item veto is not the solution to our deficit problems. We know what needs to be done to reduce the deficit, and we have done it here on this floor over the past 3 years. We know the line-item veto is not the tool needed to accomplish that goal, but rather, just a feel-good gimmick that puts off the tough decisions.  