 President, I intend to support S. 1936, as amended. However, I would also like to express my reservations about portions of this bill.  I supported cloture and I appreciate my colleagues from Nevada agreeing to allow this bill to move forward. It is critical that we proceed with the business we have to complete prior to adjournment; namely, 13 appropriations bills. I hold no grudges against my sincere colleagues from Nevada for their use of Senate rules to delay this bill. Were I in their shoes, I too would likely use every parliamentary device available to me to prevent enactment of this bill.  It is because I do not want to be in their shoes that I support this bill. I, and many of my constituents, are concerned that there may be a renewed effort to place either an interim or a permanent nuclear waste repository in Washington, at Hanford, adjacent to the Columbia River. As many who have dealt with this issue over the years know, Hanford, a Texas site, and Yucca Mountain were the winners in the permanent repository selection process. So, for the health of my constituents, I support development of Yucca Mountain.  Conversely, it is also that fear for my constituents that makes me most nervous about S. 1936. While I appreciate the improvements made about Environmental Protection Agency authority regarding radiation release and exposure standards, I am worried about the bill's easing of some environmental and health standards. It is not unlikely that someday we in Washington may have the rest of the Nation decide that Hanford radiation standards could be lessened in order to foist some new batch of nuclear waste upon us. So, I am leery of such provisions in this bill and am pleased that the authors continue to make improvements.  I also am frustrated that the U.S. Government has made a commitment to some of its citizens, to ratepayers, to the nuclear industry, to store nuclear waste by 1998. Maybe we should not have made such a commitment or collected fees to follow through on that commitment. But we did. It is time to act on that commitment--even if it means so doing with this imperfect vehicle.  Mr. President, this is a very difficult issue for me. I care about my State, I care about the ratepayers' money being spent on this never-ending project to get nuclear waste in a permanent geologic repository, I care about the health of all people, including Nevadans, and I care about fairness. I agree with many of the arguments made by my colleagues, Senators Bryan and Reid. Therefore, I will support any amendments that address my concerns. In the end though, I will support S. 1936 in its final form.  